I have bought several of the Vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality. The product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better. My Labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than  most.
Product arrived labeled as Jumbo Salted Peanuts...the peanuts were actually small sized unsalted. Not sure if this was an error or if the vendor intended to represent the product as "Jumbo".
This is a confection that has been around a few centuries.  It is a light, pillowy citrus gelatin with nuts - in this case Filberts. And it is cut into tiny squares and then liberally coated with powdered sugar.  And it is a tiny mouthful of heaven.  Not too chewy, and very flavorful.  I highly recommend this yummy treat.  If you are familiar with the story of C.S. Lewis' "The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe" - this is the treat that seduces Edmund into selling out his Brother and Sisters to the Witch.
If you are looking for the secret ingredient in Robitussin I believe I have found it.  I got this in addition to the Root Beer Extract I ordered (which was good) and made some cherry soda.  The flavor is very medicinal.
Great taffy at a great price.  There was a wide assortment of yummy taffy.  Delivery was very quick.  If your a taffy lover, this is a deal.
I got a wild hair for taffy and ordered this five pound bag. The taffy was all very enjoyable with many flavors: watermelon, root beer, melon, peppermint, grape, etc. My only complaint is there was a bit too much red/black licorice-flavored pieces (just not my particular favorites). Between me, my kids, and my husband, this lasted only two weeks! I would recommend this brand of taffy -- it was a delightful treat.
This saltwater taffy had great flavors and was very soft and chewy.  Each candy was individually wrapped well.  None of the candies were stuck together, which did happen in the expensive version, Fralinger's.  Would highly recommend this candy!  I served it at a beach-themed party and everyone loved it!
This taffy is so good.  It is very soft and chewy.  The flavors are amazing.  I would definitely recommend you buying it.  Very satisfying!!
Right now I'm mostly just sprouting this so my cats can eat the grass. They love it. I rotate it around with Wheatgrass and Rye too
This is a very healthy dog food. Good for their digestion. Also good for small puppies. My dog eats her required amount at every feeding.
I don't know if it's the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients, but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind!  We picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away!  When we realized that we simply couldn't find it anywhere in our city we were bummed.<br /><br />Now, because of the magic of the internet, we have a case of the sauce and are ecstatic because of it.<br /><br />If you love hot sauce..I mean really love hot sauce, but don't want a sauce that tastelessly burns your throat, grab a bottle of Tequila Picante Gourmet de Inclan.  Just realize that once you taste it, you will never want to use any other sauce.<br /><br />Thank you for the personal, incredible service!
One of my boys needed to lose some weight and the other didn't.  I put this food on the floor for the chubby guy, and the protein-rich, no by-product food up higher where only my skinny boy can jump.  The higher food sits going stale.  They both really go for this food.  And my chubby boy has been losing about an ounce a week.
My cats have been happily eating Felidae Platinum for more than two years. I just got a new bag and the shape of the food is different. They tried the new food when I first put it in their bowls and now the bowls sit full and the kitties will not touch the food. I've noticed similar reviews related to formula changes in the past. Unfortunately, I now need to find a new food that my cats will eat.
good flavor! these came securely packed... they were fresh and delicious! i love these Twizzlers!
The Strawberry Twizzlers are my guilty pleasure - yummy. Six pounds will be around for a while with my son and I.
My daughter loves twizzlers and this shipment of six pounds really hit the spot. It's exactly what you would expect...six packages of strawberry twizzlers.
I love eating them and they are good for watching TV and looking at movies! It is not too sweet. I like to transfer them to a zip lock baggie so they stay fresh so I can take my time eating them.
I am very satisfied with my Twizzler purchase.  I shared these with others and we have all enjoyed them.  I will definitely be ordering more.
Twizzlers, Strawberry my childhood favorite candy, made in Lancaster Pennsylvania by Y & S Candies, Inc. one of the oldest confectionery Firms in the United States, now a Subsidiary of the Hershey Company, the Company was established in 1845 as Young and Smylie, they also make Apple Licorice Twists, Green Color and Blue Raspberry Licorice Twists, I like them all<br /><br />I keep it in a dry cool place because is not recommended it to put it in the fridge. According to the Guinness Book of Records, the longest Licorice Twist ever made measured 1.200 Feet (370 M) and weighted 100 Pounds (45 Kg) and was made by Y & S Candies, Inc. This Record-Breaking Twist became a Guinness World Record on July 19, 1998. This Product is Kosher! Thank You
Candy was delivered very fast and was purchased at a reasonable price.  I was home bound and unable to get to a store so this was perfect for me.
My husband is a Twizzlers addict.  We've bought these many times from Amazon because we're government employees living overseas and can't get them in the country we are assigned to.  They've always been fresh and tasty, packed well and arrive in a timely manner.
I bought these for my husband who is currently overseas. He loves these, and apparently his staff likes them also.<br />There are generous amounts of Twizzlers in each 16-ounce bag, and this was well worth the price. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GVISJM">Twizzlers, Strawberry, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>
I can remember buying this candy as a kid and the quality hasn't dropped in all these years. Still a superb product you won't be disappointed with.
I love this candy.  After weight watchers I had to cut back but still have a craving for it.
I have lived out of the US for over 7 yrs now, and I so miss my Twizzlers!!  When I go back to visit or someone visits me, I always stock up.  All I can say is YUM!<br />Sell these in Mexico and you will have a faithful buyer, more often than I'm able to buy them right now.
Product received is as advertised.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GVISJM">Twizzlers, Strawberry, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>
The candy is just red , No flavor . Just  plan and chewy .  I would never buy them again
I was so glad Amazon carried these batteries.  I have a hard time finding them elsewhere because they are such a unique size.  I need them for my garage door opener.<br />Great deal for the price.
I got this for my Mum who is not diabetic but needs to watch her sugar intake, and my father who simply chooses to limit unnecessary sugar intake - she's the one with the sweet tooth - they both LOVED these toffees, you would never guess that they're sugar-free and it's so great that you can eat them pretty much guilt free!  i was so impressed that i've ordered some for myself (w dark chocolate) to take to the office so i'll eat them instead of snacking on sugary sweets.<br />These are just EXCELLENT!
I don't know if it's the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients, but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind!  We picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away!  When we realized that we simply couldn't find it anywhere in our city we were bummed.<br /><br />Now, because of the magic of the internet, we have a case of the sauce and are ecstatic because of it.<br /><br />If you love hot sauce..I mean really love hot sauce, but don't want a sauce that tastelessly burns your throat, grab a bottle of Tequila Picante Gourmet de Inclan.  Just realize that once you taste it, you will never want to use any other sauce.<br /><br />Thank you for the personal, incredible service!
I have never been a huge coffee fan. However, my mother purchased this little machine and talked me into trying the Latte Macciato. No Coffee Shop has a better one and I like most of the other products, too (as a usually non-coffee drinker!).<br />The little Dolche Guesto Machine is super easy to use and prepares a really good Coffee/Latte/Cappuccino/etc in less than a minute (if water is heated up). I would recommend the Dolce Gusto to anyone. Too good for the price and I'am getting one myself! :)
This offer is a great price and a great taste, thanks Amazon for selling this product.<br /><br />Staral
McCann's Instant Oatmeal is great if you must have your oatmeal but can only scrape together two or three minutes to prepare it. There is no escaping the fact, however, that even the best instant oatmeal is nowhere near as good as even a store brand of oatmeal requiring stovetop preparation.  Still, the McCann's is as good as it gets for instant oatmeal. It's even better than the organic, all-natural brands I have tried.  All the varieties in the McCann's variety pack taste good.  It can be prepared in the microwave or by adding boiling water so it is convenient in the extreme when time is an issue.<br /><br />McCann's use of actual cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup helped me decide to buy this product.  Real sugar tastes better and is not as harmful as the other stuff. One thing I do not like, though, is McCann's use of thickeners.  Oats plus water plus heat should make a creamy, tasty oatmeal without the need for guar gum. But this is a convenience product.  Maybe the guar gum is why, after sitting in the bowl a while, the instant McCann's becomes too thick and gluey.
This is a good instant oatmeal from the best oatmeal brand.  It uses cane sugar instead of high fructouse corn syrup, so not only does it have a better sweetness, but some doctors now say that this form of sugar is better for you.  Great on a cold morning when you don't have time to make McCann's Steel Cut Oats.  The apple cinnamon is the best but the maple and brown sugar or the regular are good too.  Plus they don't require doctoring to actually tell the three flavors apart.
Instant oatmeal can become soggy the minute the water hits the bowl. McCann's Instant Oatmeal holds its texture, has excellent flavor, and is good for you all at the same time. McCann's regular oat meal is excellent, too, but may take a bit longer to prepare than most have time for in the morning. This is the best instant brand I've ever eaten, and a very close second to the non-instant variety.<br /><br />McCann's Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)
McCann's Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)<br /><br />I'm a fan of the McCann's steel-cut oats, so I thought I'd give the instant variety a try. I found it to be a hardy meal, not too sweet, and great for folks like me (post-bariatric surgery) who need food that is palatable, easily digestible, with fiber but won't make you bloat.
For those of us with celiac disease this product is a lifesaver and what could be better than getting it at almost half the price of the grocery or health food store!  I love McCann's instant oatmeal - all flavors!!!<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Abby
What else do you need to know? Oatmeal, instant (make it with a half cup of low-fat milk and add raisins;nuke for 90 seconds). More expensive than Kroger store brand oatmeal and maybe a little tastier or better texture or something. It's still just oatmeal. Mmm, convenient!
I WAS VISITING MY FRIEND NATE THE OTHER MORNING FOR COFFEE , HE CAME OUT OF HIS STORAGE ROOM WITH ( A PACKET OF McCANNS INSTANT IRISH OATMEAL .) HE SUGGESTED THAT I TRY IT FOR MY OWN USE ,IN MY STASH . SOMETIMES NATE DOSE NOT GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO SAY NO , SO I ENDED UP TRYING THE APPLE AND CINN . FOUND IT TO BE VERY TASTEFULL WHEN MADE WITH WATER OR POWDERED MILK . IT GOES GOOD WITH O.J. AND COFFEE AND A SLICE OF TOAST AND YOUR READY TO TAKE ON THE WORLD...OR THE DAY AT LEAST..  JERRY REITH...
I ordered this for my wife as it was reccomended by our daughter.  She has this almost every morning and likes all flavors.  She's happy, I'm happy!!!<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5QW8">McCANN'S Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>
The variety packs taste great!<br /><br />I have them every morning. At $0.30 cents per meal, I don't understand why everyone on earth isn't buying this stuff up.<br /><br />Maple and brown sugar is terrific, followed by apples and cinnamon, followed by regular. You don't get tired of the same ole thing, and they taste great.<br /><br />I just boil water from a small pot, empty the packet or 2 in a bowl, pour in boiling water, and watch it expand to 2x its size!<br /><br />Taste really good and takes minutes to prepare.<br /><br />Not sure why everyone on earth isn't this. Convenient, healthy, very quick, excellent quality, and extremely cheap...
McCann's makes oatmeal for every oatmeal connoisseur, whether one likes it from the raw pellet state that cooks for half an hour, to the sloth addled instant, which can be done in the microwave for under three minutes. It's all good, that's for sure, and the beauty of the instant variety is that it is available in different flavors as well as regular.<br />  This variety pack allows different tastes to be explored, as well as giving you a chance to experience the difference between McCann's and other well-known oatmeals. What I personally like about McCann's is that it cooks up thicker and with more body than the top brand here in America. The Apples & Cinnamon, though, tends to be a little liquidy so you may want to experiment with the amount of water you add. In my 1300watt microwave the oatmeal cooks up in about one minute and twenty-seven seconds, so you should also watch that to get a handle on how much time and water to use.<br />  The only bad thing -- if you can consider it a bad thing -- about this offering is that you have to buy in lot so you'll end up with six ten-count boxes. This is good if you have a whole family of oatmeal-eaters, but if you're a single person alone -- well, love oatmeal.
I have McCann's Oatmeal every morning and by ordering it from Amazon I am able to save almost $3.00 per box.<br />It is a great product. Tastes great and very healthy
McCann's Oatmeal is a good quality choice.  Our favorite is the Apples and Cinnamon, but we find that none of these are overly sugary.  For a good hot breakfast in 2 minutes, this is excellent.
We really like the McCann's steel cut oats but find we don't cook it up too often.<br />This tastes much better to me than the grocery store brands and is just as convenient.<br />Anything that keeps me eating oatmeal regularly is a good thing.
This seems a little more wholesome than some of the supermarket brands, but it is somewhat mushy and doesn't have quite as much flavor either.  It didn't pass muster with my kids, so I probably won't buy it again.
Good oatmeal.  I like the apple cinnamon the best.  Though I wouldn't follow the directions on the package since it always comes out too soupy for my taste.  That could just be me since I like my oatmeal really thick to add some milk on top of.
The flavors are good.  However, I do not see any differce between this and Oaker Oats brand - they are both mushy.
I really like the Maple and Brown Sugar flavor. The regular is fine with brown sugar added. The Apples and Cinnamon flavor is OK. This is a very quick, easy and satisfying breakfast and I'll order this brand again, but not the variety. I'll get all Maple and Brown Sugar.
This is the same stuff you can buy at the big box stores.  There is nothing healthy about it.  It is just carbs and sugars.  Save your money and get something that at least has some taste.
This oatmeal is not good. Its mushy, soft, I don't like it. Quaker Oats is the way to go.
Got a free package of these with a bottle of bloody mary mix I bought from the seller, and the advertising worked..lol,  I tried them, and shared them with 2 buddies, and we all loved them...  So im here to buy more, and noticed there were no reviews yet,...  well now there is.  They are Hot,  but not "burn your mouth forever hot"  its a nice temp...  Perfect for us..
This wasn't in stock the last time I looked. I had to go to the Vermont Country Store in Weston to find it along with a jaw harp, Cranberry Horseradish Sauce, Fartless Black Bean Salsa, Apple Cider Jelly, Newton's Cradle Art in Motion and the staple Vermont Maple Syrup.<br /><br />Back to the Ass Kickin Peanuts. They are hot. They will activate the perspiration glands behind your ears and under your arms. It requires a beverage as advertised, a glass of very cold milk, and a box of Kleenex since it will make your nose run. They look like ordinary peanuts which is already giving me ideas for work. I suspect that some people have been hitting my goodies in my absence, especially my colleague Greg. I'm going to take this to work at earliest opportunity and empty the contents of this can into an ordinary Planters Peanuts can, and then see whose crying or whose nose is running when I return.<br /><br />The can should be shaken to ensure the spices are evenly distributed. It is important to wash your hands after consumption and not touch the eyes.<br /><br />You'll go nuts over these Ass-Kickin' Peanuts.<br /><br />P.S. I'm not sharing the peanuts, not deliberately, and I'll probably give Greg the jaw harp for Christmas. He'll be so insulted.
we're used to spicy foods down here in south texas and these are not at all spicy.  doubt very much habanero is used at all.  could take it up a notch or two.
I roast at home with a stove-top popcorn popper (but I do it outside, of course). These beans (Coffee Bean Direct Green Mexican Altura) seem to be well-suited for this method. The first and second cracks are distinct, and I've roasted the beans from medium to slightly dark with great results every time. The aroma is strong and persistent. The taste is smooth, velvety, yet lively.
We roast these in a large cast iron pan on the grill (about 1/3 of the bag at a time).  The smell is wonderful and the roasted beans taste delicious too.  More importantly, the coffee is smooth; no bitter aftertaste.  On numerous occasions, we've had to send the roasted beans home with friends because they like it so much.
Deal was awesome!  Arrived before Halloween as indicated and was enough to satisfy trick or treaters.  I love the quality of this product and it was much less expensive than the local store's candy.
It is chocolate, what can I say.  Great variety of everything our family loves.  With a family of six it goes fast here.  Perfect variety.  Kit Kat, Reeses, take five and more.
Great product, nice combination of chocolates and perfect size!  The bags had plenty, and they were shipped promptly.  The kids in the neighborhood liked our candies!
Halloween is over but, I sent a bag to my daughters class for her share. The chocolate was fresh and enjoyed by many.
Watch your prices with this.  While the assortment was good, and I did get this on a gold box purchase, the price for this was<br />$3-4 less at Target.
This bag of candy online is pretty expensive, it should be cheaper in order to compete with grocery stores, other than that, its a good combination of my favorite candy
Arrived in 6 days and were so stale i could not eat any of the 6 bags!!
I have used the endurolyte product for several years in both pill and powder form.  Long desert rides on the dirt bike always found my camelbak water heavily laced with the endurolyte powder, not overly tasty, but quite effective, as I never got a cramp on these several hundred mile rides.  Same for desert racing in the buggy, the camelbaks were always laced with the powder.  Now we have the Fizz...what a great product!  Firstly, its Hammer's endurolyte product so it's great, endurance athlete's the world over use their products. Second its convenient, handly tablets that dissovle in a fizz.  Third it tastes great! Imagine getting a nice cool drink when your body is starving for hydration and electrolytes and rather than getting a "salty" taste, you get a refreshing lemon-lime or mango!  The camelbaks always get the Fizz now.  I also drop a tablet in my bottled water whenever I exercise and have a nice flavored water chock full of electrolytes. I cannot recommend this product or any hammer product highly enough.
This product serves me well as a source of electrolytes during and after a long run or bike ride.<br />I have tried all of the flavors but really do like the grapefruit flavor... no after-taste and I actually like the slight carbonation.<br />I use other Hammer products and really like their whole product line.
This stuff really works for preventing cramping during the middle to latter stages of your rides. Pop 1 into each water bottle and you're set. Flavor is fine and goes down easy.
For those of us on a low carb diet these little tablets are just the thing.<br /><br />Two years ago I started cycling again after many years but was having heart arrhythmia after longer rides in high heat.  I was drinking plain water but did a little research and thought electrolytes might be the issue.  Gatorade wasn't an option because it is so loaded with carbohydrates so I looked around for a low-carb alternative.  The "zero carb" sports drinks didn't help so what to do?  One day I ran across these at my bike shop so tried a tube of them.....voila!...problem solved!!<br /><br />I've shared them with two friends in particular whose problems with leg cramps were resolved while using these.<br /><br />These guys got it right -- they are superbly formulated and simply work.....
I purchased the Mango flavor, and to me it doesn't take like Mango at all.  There is no hint of sweetness, and unfortunately there is a hint or aftertaste almost like licorice.  I've been consuming various sports nutrition products for decades, so I'm familiar and have come to like the taste of the most of the products I've tried.  The mango flavor is one of the least appealing I've tasted.  It's not terrible, but it's bad enough that I notice the bad taste every sip I take.
If you're impulsive like me, then $6 is ok. Don't get me wrong, the quality of these babies is very good and I have no complaints. But in retrospect, the price is a little ridiculous (esp. when you add on the shipping).
this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained 2 pds! my fault
These Albanese gummi bears and rings and so on are very good and tasty and high quality. The bears even have little faces. At my local candy store this type of gummi stuff (bears, rings, snakes, balls, worms, whatever) are about $10/lb. These twin packs of 4.5 or 5 pound bags is a screaming deal as far as I'm concerned. I'm probably 50 pounds deep in these friggin' things. Consumed!
Grape gummy bears are hard to find in my area. In fact pretty much anyone I talk to about grape gummy bears they think I'm lying. So I bought 10lbs... : ) These bears are a little bit bigger then the other brands and have kind of sour kick, but nothing to strong. I love grape flavored candy/soda and these are pretty good. There is another company that makes grape gummy bears that are a little bit better in my opinion, but these are well worth it for the price. I like to use the gummy bears in home made Popsicles with flavored sports drink. The salt in the sports drink makes for softer popsicles, and the gummy bears are awesome frozen. They are delicious!
I ordered two of these and two of raspberry latice tarts directly from FantasiCakes website for a dinner party I was hosting. It arrived fresh and intact. Very good size. I froze half for later use. I am a pastry lover and these were the best I've ever tasted. The pastry was soft, the jam was really good and the taste was great. They were gone in no time. My guests were really impressed.
Buyer Beware Please! This sweetener is not for everybody.  Maltitol is an alcohol sugar and can be undigestible in the body.  You will know a short time after consuming it if you are one of the unsuspecting many who cannot digest it by the extreme intestinal bloating and cramping and massive amounts of gas a person can experience. Nausea, diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced. I learned my lesson the hard way years ago when I fell in love with the sugar-free chocolates suzanne sommers used to sell.  I thought I'd found sugar-free chocolate nirvana at first taste but the bliss was short lived when the terrible side effects of maltitol kicked in.  The discomfort was unlike anything I had ever felt before.  I blew up like a balloon and had very painful abdominal cramping.  As the symptoms passed, this too was very unpleasant.  Though hard for me to believe a low calorie sweetener could be the culprit, all symptoms were gone when I stopped eating the chocolate. My hunch it had something to do with the maltitol were unfortunately confirmed for me about a year later when I purchased some delicious sugar-free popcorn at my local market.  The taste was amazing and while I was looking at the label wondering what could possibly make this yummy, new sugarfree treat taste so good, my heart sank when I followed the little asterisk next to sugarfree sweetener* down to the very bottom of the label and read "maltitol" in tiny little letters! Thank goodness I'd eaten only a little. I still ended up with all the same side-effects but for a much shorter duration. Some people can use maltitol to their heart's content but others, like me, can have a bad reaction to it. In case you're like me, ... it's not you ...it's the maltitol!
It is okay.  I would not go out of my way to buy it again
No tea flavor at all. Just whole brunch of artifial flavors. It is not returnable. I wasted 20+ bucks.
These looked like a perfect snack to through in with my trail mix.  Unfortunately, they arrived in a solid mass of melted chocolate.  I left them in my pantry for a few days, and when I opened them at room temperature they were still gooey.  I through them in the fridge and I've been breaking off hunks ever since.  They taste good to me, but the chocolate is all grainy after melting and then solidifying again.  I won't order them online again, but if I see them in a store I would pick them up.
These taste really good. I have been purchasing a different brand and these are very similar in taste and texture. I agree with the other reviewer regarding ordering in the summer. There is no insulating packaging with ice packs so they will melt in warm weather like all chocolate food items. Order in cold weather and buy enough to last!!!
The taste was great, but the berries had melted.  May order again in winter. If you order in cold weather you should enjoy flavor.
i know i cannot make tea this good.  granted, i am not from the south but i know i have never enjoyed tea that was this sweet without being too sweet.  it tastes crisp.
This peppermint stick is delicious and fun to eat.  My dad got me one for Christmas because he remembered me having a similar one when I was a little girl.  I'm 30 now and I love it!
Great gift for all ages! I purchased these giant canes before and the recipients loved them so much, they kept them and would not eat them.
I know the product title says Molecular Gastronomy, but don't let that scare you off.  I have been looking for this for a while now, not for food science, but for something more down to earth.  I use it to make my own coffee creamer.<br /><br />I have to have my coffee blonde and sweet - but the flavored creamers are full of the bad kinds of fat, and honestly, I hate to use manufactured "food" items.  I really don't think they are good for the body.  On the other hand, I hate using cold milk or cream, because I like HOT coffee.<br /><br />I stumbled across this on Amazon one day and got the idea of making my own creamer.  I also bought low-fat (non-instant) milk powder and regular milk powder. The non-instant lowfat milk is a little sweeter and tastes fresher than regular instant low-fat milk, but does not dissolve good in cold water - which is not a problem for hot coffee.  You will have to play with the ratios - I would not do just the heavy cream, it made the coffee too rich. Also, I think the powder is too expensive to just use on it's own. I like mixing 1/3 of each together.<br /><br />For flavoring, I bough cocoa bean powder, vanilla bean powder, and caster (superfine) sugar.  I mix up small batches along with spices like cinnamon and nutmeg to make my own flavored creamers.  If you wanted, you could use a fake sweetner powder instead.  I make up small amounts that I store in jelly canning jars. I also use my little food chopper/food processor to blend everything, so the sugar is not heavier and sinks to the bottom.  Let it settle for a bit before opening the top though.<br /><br />This stuff tastes WAY better than the storebought creamers and it is fun to experiment and come up with your own flavors.  I am going to try using some essential oils next and see if I can get a good chocolate/orange mix.<br /><br />All of the ingredients I mentioned are here online.  Take the time to experiment.  Maybe you don't use any low-fat milk. Or don't add any flavorings.  It is up to you.  Also, would make great housewarming/host(ess) gifts.<br /><br />I am sure other molecular people will be able to tell you more of what you can do with it, and I am sure I will experiment with it in cooking - but the main reason I bought it was to make my own creamer and it worked out great.
While my dogs like all of the flavors that we have tried of this dog food, for some reason their itching increased when I tried the lamb and rice. I have some very itchy dogs and am giving them a limited ingredient dog food to try to help. The duck and sweet potato cut down on the itching significantly, but when we tried lamb and rice they started itching more once again. I like Natural Balance for the quality ingredients.
Awesome dog food. However, when given to my "Boston", who has severe reactions to some food ingredients; his itching increased to violent jumping out of bed at night, scratching. As soon as I changed to a different formula, the scratching stopped. So glad Natural Balance has other choices. I guess you have to try each, until you find what's best for your pet.
We have three dogs and all of them love this food!  We bought it specifically for one of our dogs who has food allergies and it works great for him, no more hot spots or tummy problems.<br />I LOVE that it ships right to our door with free shipping.
My dog has a ton of allergies both environmental and food. She was on a prescription dog food before we had her tested to see what allergies she has. After we got the test back, we learned she was allergic to something in the prescription brand. So I finally found this dog food and she has done so well on this! She still has her environmental triggers, but I am happy she can finally eat something I know won't cause her pain.
My shepherd/collie mix has IBS.  Our vet recommended a limited ingredient food.  This has really helped her symptoms and she likes it.  I will always buy it from Amazon...it's $10 cheaper and free shipping!
Natural Balance Dry Dog Food Lamb Meal and Brown Rice Recipe did wonders for my Jack Russell. She has awful food allergy's and this food was our last hope because it was the last food we could find that didn't have SOMETHING in it that she was allergic to. She has no problem eating it dry but normally I mix the Natural Balance Dry Lamb and Brown Rice with the Natural Balance Wet Lamb and Brown Rice.. she seems to like that better. We started feeding it to our other dog (a Bichon) too and she loves it. If your dog has allergy's or stomach issue.. or if you want your dog to eat better food-- this is it! You will see a difference in your pet.
Great food! I love the idea of one food for all ages & breeds. Ît's a real convenience as well as a really good product.  My 3 dogs eat less, have almost no gas, their poop is regular and a perfect consistency, what else can a mom ask for!!
I have a standard poodle and pomeranian who both do wonderful on this food. I have switched them to a different food (due to price) a couple of times and end up going right back to natural balance.
This is great dog food, my dog has severs allergies and this brand is the only one that we can feed him.
This food is great - all ages dogs.  I have a 3 year old and a puppy.  They are both so soft and hardly ever get sick.  The food is good especially when you have Amazon Prime shipping  :)
My golden retriever is one of the most picky dogs I've ever met.  After experimenting with various types of food, I have found she loves natural balance.  What I really like about natural balance is the fact that it has multiple flavors in dry and wet varieties.  I mix her dry food with a little wet food and my golden loves it.  Furthermore, I do like mixing up the flavors each time as I think the same meal day over day might get a little boring, so I figured why not.  I tend to stay away from the fish type though as it smells...<br /><br />Additionally, I started purchasing off Amazon because Petco didn't have the wet food box and only had a couple of cans.  I came home and to my surprise realized that I could save $20 each time I bought dog food if I just buy it off Amazon.<br /><br />All in all, I definitely recommend and give my stamp of approval to natural balance dog food.  While I have never eaten it, my dog seems to love it.
This is the same food we get at pet store. But it's delivered to my door! And for the same price or slightly less.
I've been very pleased with the Natural Balance dog food. Our dogs have had issues with other dog foods in the past and I had someone recommend Natural Balance grain free since it is possible they were allergic to grains. Since switching I haven't had any issues. It is also helpful that have have different kibble size for larger/smaller sized dogs.
My 1-1/2 year old basenji/jack russell mix loves this dog food. He's been noticeably healthier and more energetic since I switched him over from the standard dog foods earlier this year. Despite the higher cost of natural dog foods, I find that he eats significantly less of the Natural Balance dog foods and still stays happy and full. On the normal dog foods, he'd eat up to 3 cups of dog food a day (the recommended serving for his size), whereas he only eats about 1 cup to 1-1/2 cup of the Natural Balance dog food a day. When you take this into account, you're actually getting more "bang for your buck" with the natural dog foods since you don't have to buy as much to last just as long as the normal dog foods... and a healthier, happier dog, to boot! Add in the fact that you can get free, 2-day shipping with Amazon Prime... I'm sold!!
Our pup has experienced allergies in forms of hotspots and itching from other dog foods. The cheap 'you can buy it anywhere' food not only have crazy preservatives in them but can cause health problems for your pets.  This food works wonders on reducing allergies and our dog loves the food.<br />This message is RAMSEY FrAnkenSteiN approved.
My English Bulldog had skin allergies the summer we got him at age 3.  The vet recommended we wean him off the food his previous owner gave him (Iams Lamb and Rice) and onto a new kind.  This was the second one we tried, and it has been working ever since.  It's for dogs that need a limited diet who can be sensitive to additives and proteins commonly found in commercial dog food (like chicken or beef).
I fed this to my Golden Retriever and he hated it.  He wouldn't eat it, and when he did, it gave him terrible diarrhea.  We will not be buying this again.  It's also super expensive.
The mouth says, "How do I love thee, let me count the ways..."<br />If you like apple products a must have item.  The only draw back, shipping cost.  These are very heavy.
Arrived slightly thawed. My parents wouldn't accept it. However, the company was very helpful and issued a full refund.
The crust on these tarts are perfect.  My husband loves these, but I'm not so crazy about them.  They are just too sour/tart for my taste.  I'll eat the crust and hubby takes my filling.  My kids think they're great, so maybe it's just me.
These are absolutely scrumptuous!  My husband and I both love them, however, as another customer put it, they are expensive to ship!  The cost of shipping is more than the tartlets themselves are!
What a nice alternative to an apple pie. Love the fact there was no slicing and dicing. Easy to prepare. I also loved the fact that you can make them fresh whenever needed.
I like Creme Brulee. I loved that these were so easy. Just sprinkle on the sugar that came with and broil. They look amazing and taste great. My guess thought I really went out of the way for them when really it took all of 5 minutes. I will be ordering more!
not what I was expecting in terms of the company's reputation for excellent home delivery products
I first bought pickled asparagus at an Amish market and it was love at first bite. Hence, when I saw these on the discount rack at the local Safeway I cleaned it out.  These are even better than the ones from the Amish market. They are fantastic, and some of the jars have a bonus clove of garlic at the bottom. I'm going to order the six pack and I'm a household of one. They wont go to waste!
I love asparagus.  Up until very recently, I had never had pickled asparagus.  Oh my goodness, when a friend introduced me to this exact brand, I couldn't believe how great stuff tasted.  I loved it so much I bought the six pack.  I've got 2 jars left.  Gonna need more!!
I'm presently on a diet and I was at my Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Grocery looking over possible diet foods. I wanted things that were tasty, non-fat and low in calories. I came home with about a dozen items. That's how I discovered the Tillen Farms Pickled Crispy Asparagus. Well, I've always liked asparagus anyway and I've enjoyed several brands of pickled asparagus. This Tillen Farms brand is really, really good! It's the best I can recall. There's an excellent flavor and a big clove of garlic down in  the bottom of the jar which I'm looking forward to eating. I can't believe how good this asparagus tastes and right on the front it says "only 60 calories per jar!" Now this is my idea of a good diet food!<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I was diappointed in the flavor and texture of this mix.  I usually like most of the Low Carb things I have tried, but was diappointed in this specific one.
I have been drinking this tea for a long time now.  I used to have to purchase it at a doctor's office because it wasn't available elsewhere.  I'm so glad that I can buy it now from Amazon.com.  I drink this tea throughout the day like other folks drink coffee.  Wonderful taste.
I have been drinking Royal King 100% Natural Organic Green Tea (100 tea bags x 2g each) as my every day tea for several years now.  I buy 12 boxes at a time to save on shipping.  For many years I used to drink coffee from morning till night.  But finally I realized that drinking so much coffee was not healthy for me.  I finally resolved to improve my health and stopped drinking coffee all together.  I tried many alternative drinks to replace my coffee habit.  I found that green tea was not only good tasting it also has health benefits.  Green tea is one of the few drinks that actually makes you healthier (coffe and other drinks do not) - the only healthier drink is quality cold water.  In my opinion, for the price, Royal King 100% Natural Organic Green Tea is one of the best tasting teas.  This green tea has a beautiful golden color, the taste is bright and fresh.  I recommend adding a tiny amount of Y.S. Organic Bee Farms RAW HONEY to the tea to add sweetness and health benefits too.  I also give myself a treat once in a while by having a much more expense tea (Tribute Xi Hu Long Jing) but this fantastic tea is not practical for me to drink as my every day tea (although I would if I could afford it).<br /><br />Cons:  On my latest shipment the package shown on the Amazon page is different than the one shipped.  The one shipped displays "NATURALLY HIGH IN POLYPHENOL CATECHINS" (a key contributive element to the possible health effects of tea), whereas the Amazon package displays "CAFFENE FREE".  So I am not sure if this green tea is Caffene free or not.  The other con is that sometimes the tea bag rips open when I unwrap the string from around the tea bag. So if the string seems stuck to the tea bag I put the bag in the hot water to unstick it.
this has to be one of the best teas I have ever tasted... it's clean, bright, fresh...<br /><br />great delivery...again quality... just try it...
I love, love this green tea.  It is very hard to find in our area and some places on the internet charge a big price and I usually don't get as many boxes as I did with this merchant.  I will definitely order from this seller again!! Thanks!!  I depend on my green tea fix everyday!
I love this tea. It helps curb my eating during the day. My Mom and I have given it all friends to try.
I'm Italian and I lived in Italy for years. I used to buy these cookies for my everyday breakfast with an Italian espresso. I couldn't find them anywhere here in the Bay area, so it's great to have them again.
In the 1980s I spent several summers in Italy. This biscotti is often given as a breakfast food or mid-day snack. They are simple and delicious and were not sold in the US back then. They are so good that I brought back two bags from a recent trip to Italy. It is great to see that they may now be found on Amazon!<br /><br />Note: it is great to open a bag, smell the contents, pour a glass of milk, then dip the Macines in the milk. Great routine and treat for kids!
I had heard a little about this product from the local pet store, then tried a small bag for our 2 cats of about 3 and 6 years respectively. The female, younger one took to it right away, and the older male, who was unfortunately weaned on the junk cat food with all the corn meal and etc... in it, and would usually refuse a diet change, actually liked it too. The older male is overweight and we were trying to switch him to soft food on the doctor's request, but he totally refused it. He is a posh cat after all. He still consumes too many calories, the fatty, but at least I know he's eating good food. Of course, I know this product seems to cost more than most other feline food on the market, but I just can't see feeding our animals the lousy alternatives that are out there, marketed as being healthy. Why do commercials show cats eating a vegetarian diet which is mostly corn meal? Is that right? I'll stay with this for now, but stay tuned.<br /><br />I'm updating this review after 9 months of using this cat food for our two cats. I upgraded the stars from 4 to 5 as it really has been a good food for the two of them. Garfield still eats a little too much, but he's just a big cat who doesn't exercise much, let's face it. Our female cat will be 4 years old in a couple months and she's so healthy. She's tiny, but happy and agile. I tried the chicken version of Holistic Select, but Garfield seemd to miss this sardine version so we went back to this one. I've ordered the duck version and will update this once they try it.
I started buying this after I noticed my 1 year old cat was already starting to lose his "spunk" so I decided it was time to start buying him "real" cat food...not the garbage in the super markets. I found this at the pet store out of the other million choices, and I'm sure there are other brands that are just as good but this is the one I went with to try first and it was a great purchase. My cat has been on this for the past 8 months and he's now just has active as he was when he was a kitten and his coat has became sooo soft. Mainly, he loved the taste even more! I highly recommend this brand to all my friends and family for their animals!
I have done a lot of research to find the best food for my cat, and this is an excellent food.  That is also according to my holistic veterinarian.  They put probiotics on the kibble as the last step, which is very important to me.  The best thing is that my cat loved it immediately and I had to stop mixing it with the old food because she only would eat Holistic Select.
This cat food was recommended by my vet because my 13 year old Cleo Cat was having trouble keeping any food down and was loosing weight.  It stopped her problems.  She doesn't eat as much as before since she seems to be more satisfied after eating which helps justify the added price.  It aids in digestion since the...ok sorry...smells are gone if ya know what I mean.  Had to add that so anyone experiencing problems with their cats can see there are a lot of benifits from this cat food.
I have a 4 year old male cat who has chronic urinary tract infections.  I feed him this dry food in combination with wet food (with water added to it) and Uri Ease.  The combination seems to keeps his UTI's under control.  If I switch to another type of dry food, his UTI gets worse.  The other cats seem to enjoy this food as well.  It's expensive but it seems to be the best solution for me.
Before I was educated about feline nutrition, I allowed my cats to become addicted to dry cat food. I always offered both canned and dry, but wish I would have fed them premium quality canned food and limited dry food. I have two 15 year old cats and two 5 year old cats. The only good quality dry foods they will eat are Wellness and Innova. Innova's manufacturer was recently purchased by Procter&Gamble. I began looking for a replacement. After once again offering several samples (from my local holistic pet store) Holistic Select was the only one (other than the usual Wellness and Innova) they would eat. For finicky cats, I recommend trying Holistic Select. It is a good quality food that is very palatable for finicky eaters.
My holistic vet recommended this, along with a few other brands. We tried them all, but my cats prefer this (especially the sardine version). The best part is their coats are so soft and clean and their eyes are so clear. AND (and I don't want to be rude, so I'll say this as delicately as I can) their waste is far less odorous than cats who eat the McDonalds junk found in most stores, which is a definite plus for me! The health benefits are so obvious - I highly recommend Holistic Select!
One of my cats is allergic to fish and beef. This formula is one of the few she can eat, and it has much better ingredients than the prescription diets available at the vet. Both of my kitties are very active, have soft shiny fur, and neither are fat. Dry food reduces tartar buildup on teeth, also.
Our cats thrive extremely well on this dry cat food.  They definitely have much less hair ball throw ups and their fur is great.  They are fit and not over weight.  This vendor ships extremely fast.  Is one of the top Amazon suppliers in our book!
I've been a fan of Hot & Spicy Maruchan Ramen for a long time. If you enjoy spice, and love ramen, you'll love this product. Too bad it's way too expensive here on Amazon. It's only $3.36 per 12 at my Walmart.
I've been eating Ramen noodles since I was a little kid, and I've never found a better flavor than Hot & Spicy Chicken!  It isn't hot at all to a chilihead like me, but it sure is good!
I LOVE spicy ramen, but for whatever reasons this thing burns my stomach badly and the burning sensation doesn't go away for like 3 hours! Not sure if that is healthy or not .... and you can buy this at Walmart for $0.28, way cheaper than Amazon.
Always being a fan of ramen as a quick and easy meal, finding it on amazon for a decent price and having it delivered to your door by the case is an amazing situation for anyone to find themselves in.
I must be a bit of a wuss, because this soup tastes to me how I imagine fire might taste. Typically I like spicy food if it has a good flavor.  I don't find this to be the case with this soup. Any flavor is killed off by the burn.
I really loved the spicy flavor these had.  I found myself liking the broth more than the noodles which is usually the opposite.  If you aren't used to the heat this might bother you and if you like hot hot foods this might not be enough.
Got these on sale for roughly 25 cents per cup, which is half the price of my local grocery stores, plus they rarely stock the spicy flavors. These things are a GREAT snack for my office where time is constantly crunched and sometimes you can't escape for a real meal. This is one of my favorite flavors of Instant Lunch and will be back to buy every time it goes on sale.
i have bought allot of different flavors and this happens to be one of my favorites and will be getting more soon
I love this flavor of ramen! I don't eat other flavors anymore because they taste too bland by comparison. For the convenience of having it delivered to my home (I have prime, so I get it in two days and don't have to pay for the shipping), the price on amazon isn't bad at all, but it is still cheaper to run down and pick up a case of this at the grocery store.
The BEST investment I've ever made for ginger. It's unbelievable! It's fibrous like the real ginger, has that spicy kick to it, but it's perfect with the sugar - calms it down.  It's very worth the $40 for 5lbs of it!  I'll be getting more soon - I use these as a topper for my ginger cupcakes and cookies :)
Delicious. I cannot get Australian ginger where I live. This compares favorably to Australian Ginger I've purchased in other cities. Now I can enjoy it without traveling.
I keep trying other brands.... cheaper brands. Stupid me! This ginger IS soooo worth the money. Tender, moist and never a let down.
My son has had acid reflux since birth and has been on every medication available with no improvement, Until an older gentleman came into his work place and told him about this product and I automatically ordered it for him. I was really not expecting any better results than the 1000 other things we have tried. What a surprise! He has not had any heartburn or symptoms since day 2 of starting eating one piece of this Ginger each morning. He can now eat anything and actually enjoy it. This product was a God send for him. Thank you all for it!
I bought this for our office to give people something sweet to snack on.  Because it's bite size it's easier for people to grab a couple a pieces rather than an entire licorice stick. My only complaint is that one of the bags broke open in shipping.
Twizzlers brand licorice is much better than that other well known brand.<br />If you can get these for $2 to $2.50 a package with free s/h it's a good deal.<br />The black and cherry have good taste; but the strawberry taste was too delicate and barely there
I love these.........very tasty!!!!!!!!!!!  Infact, I think I am addicted to them.<br />Buying them in packs of 6 bags - is very reasonable than going to Target and getting a bag.  Savings are about a $1.00 a bag.  I use subscribe and save on these and several other product.  I love subscribe and save!!!!!!!!!!!
If you are looking for a less messy version of licorice for the children, then be sure to try these!  They're soft, easy to chew, and they don't get your hands all sticky and gross in the car, in the summer, at the beach, etc. We love all the flavos and sometimes mix these in with the chocolate to have a very nice snack! Great item, great price too, highly recommend!
I might be mistaken, but it appears that the pieces in this bag were reduced in size.  If they did do that, it was doubtlessly done to make it appear that the buyer got a better deal, having so many pieces after all.  The problem is that the pieces have to be a certain size in order to have enough flavor for your eating experience.  As it is, you have to use 2 or 3 pieces to match the old piece size;  it is not the same.
Being a fan of Newman's Pineapple salsa for quite a while, I was looking for a comparable salsa.  This is one of the best tasting salsas I've ever had.  My daughters love it too.  They don't like super chunky salsa and the Berry Mango has a nice smooth texture with small mango pieces.  The salsa is not too sweet, just sweet enough and although it's mild, it has a nice little kick to it.  At this price, it's a steal!
The SALSA smelled delicious, as I think it probably was - but, unfortunately, the person, at AMAZON, that is a packer (there is probably several) had very little "stuffing" to work with, especially on the bottoms.  Therefore, the bottoms were broken on all three bottles. As I reached for my computer; I was told NO RETURNS (cause it's a food item).  I then looked for a CUSTOMER SERVICE tag; and I found "none" on their NEW FACE LIFT.  THEY SEEM TO BE PROUD OF THEIR NEW FACE LIFT BUT...THEY SHOULD AT LEAST HAVE A PLACE TO CONTACT THEM IN EMERGENCIES!  LIKE: I BUY A LOT OF "STUFF" AND IT ALL COMES IN STYROFOAM BOXES.  NEVER WOULD I SHIP THINGS<br />ESPECIALLY SALSA - IN A CARDBOARD BOX WITH JUST A STRIPE OF LARGE BUBBLE WRAP ON IT.  NO MATTER HOW MUCH THE CARRIER (FED EX) IS CAREFUL, IT'S GOING TO BREAK SOMEWHERE ALONG THE LINE.  ESPECIALLY IN AN ALL GLASS CONTAINER!  BARBARA L. S.
This is one of the best salsas that I have found in a long time but stay away from the variety pack. The other two that come with it are not worth your money.
These remind me of dog treats I made once using pumpkin and cinnamon. They're kind of bland and not my favorite Back To Nature product. But my finace really loves them so that's where the three stars come from.
This is the best cornmeal. I made regular cornbread and hot water cornbread with this meal and both were outstanding. Also fried some oysters with this meal, it gave them a great texture and flovor.
This is a fabulous marinade!  I love to use it for chicken, either baked in the oven OR on the grill.  This has enough flavor & flair, I've even used it for dinner parties, only to receive rave reviews from my guests!! DEFINITELY worth the price! Super cheap and super easy! Love it!
Works with chicken fish beef or pork. Fast easy and makes it taste excellent. Plus buying in bulk is more than 50% off from box stores
Got this for my brother who is on Jorge Cruise diet and decided to try one for myself.  It actually tastes pretty good.
These singles sell for $2.50 - $3.36 at the store for 1 box of 24 singles. I'm not sure why Amazon is selling it for $9.99 for a box of 24 singles.  Hazelnut coffee creamer is my favorite, but truly this is not a good buy.
AWESOME!!! such a yummy flavor I got it as a healthy alternative to the desserts we normally eat and I am so glad that I did there are so many things you can do with Jello desserts and still have them taste good and be good for you. I will definitentally be purchasing this product again the flavor was so wonderful.
I went to 4 grocery stores looking for this flavor of Jello for my green tomato jam recipe and finally found it here. This jello is wonderful! Evidently it's only carried in the stores during the summer but with harvest time in the Fall, I couldn't find it anywhere in town. This Jello tastes like watermelon and the jam recipe I made with it takes like watermelon jam! Great made as regular Jello too. Yummy!
What a deal this is the healthiest salt you can use.  This box should last our family the year no problem.  Iodized sea salt will not raise your blood pressure as regular salt will.
Perfect size sea salt for the table or the picnic basket.  We love it. Shakes well, no clumping and flows freely.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:26 Mins<br /><br /></span>The expiration date is 21 months from the day I bought this product. The tuna, tomato combination is delicious. This is one of the many items I re-order on Amazon every month or so.<br />edit: added a short video, so you see what this combination looks like.<br /><br />I was wearing one of those headlamps, but I didn't do a good job focusing on the tuna.<br />I should film it over, but it doesn't look like many people view this product anyway.
I've never heard of the SAFCOL brand before but I was tired of only trying the typical pouches; Starkist and Chicken of the Sea. I was really surprised as I thought it was a bit better than the other brands and with less seasoning.
these are the best tasting tuna pack they make in my opinion - make a great on the go snack, and really satisfying with the tomato
I have always purchased Star-Kist tuna but thought I would try this brand for a change of pace. The taste of the tuna was not pleasant, too much basil and other spices for me.
I'm not familiar with the Safcol brand but being a tuna addict, gave this a shot. The tuna tastes like it's good quality but I found the tomato basil flavor to be a bit bland. It's better than something plain but it didn't pack the punch I was hoping for. It's still a great option for a low calorie, low fat meal.
I found it much tastier than the plain tuna pouches out there. Excellent quality, and no need to 'dress it up'.<br /><br />I put it the micro on about 20% power for 1 minute and Shazam!<br /><br />I believe a little heating brings out the flavor.
Seriously this product was as tasteless as they come. There are much better tasting products out there but at 100 calories its better than a special k bar or cookie snack pack. You just have to season it or combine it with something else to share the flavor.
I read about pomegranate molasses so I had to try it! I haven't made anything with it yet, just eaten a little bit at a time but WOW is it decadent! It's dark, syrupy, sour, and a little sweet. A dab of this and I forget about dessert. It's just a really unique flavor with a pleasing metallic undertone. Yum!! I'm going to try making fesenjan next :-)
Used this in Moroccan recipes, as a syrup in a brilliant mixed beverage and as a swirled topping on sliced oranges soaked in orange water.  Wonderful, wonderful stuff!
I don't know how long these sat on the back of a shelf somewhere, but they were so old that they wouldn't cook.  I had to throw half of them out, because the skins were damaged, a clear sign of dried beans past their prime.  I can't even return these or ask for a refund, because food is not returnable.  Will find a different brand to use.  For now, I have about fifty servings of beans to throw away.
Besides being smaller than runts, they look the same and have the same consistency.  Unfortunately, they taste nothing like banana runts...nor do they even taste good.  Yucky stuff.  Trying to return with vendor.
The item over all was fine, but the Banana Heads are not just like Banana Runts they are alot smaller. Also when I received the item, the packaging was not great. The Banana Heads had come open during shipping and were all over the packing envelope.
I purchased as a giveaway for a baby shower with Jungle theme! They worked out perfect for 25 small bags of candy. I purchased 5#. If you want more than 25 small bags, I would purchase a larger bag.
I have drunk Ricore since my mother allowed be to drink caffeine. I love this stuff in milk.<br />It's much smoother and tastier than instant coffee with milk. I am French and live in the US,<br />and bring back boxes of Ricore at every opportunity. Savora is another hidden gem you can bring<br />back. Check it out.
I first had this drink when my mother brought it back with her from a visit to her home in Brittany France and thought it was delicious!  I wish it were a bit cheaper but other than that, I love this product!
I couldn't wait to try the 8&#8243; Cinnamon Coffee Cake because it is made with fresh eggs, creamy sour cream, Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla and is topped and filled with cinnamon streusel. This 8&#8243; Cinnamon Coffee Cake is available online for only $18.95. Now, I have had my fair share of cinnamon coffee cakes, but, let me just tell you that the FantasiCakes Cinnamon Coffee Cake really "takes the cake" with size, price, quality and taste.<br />The cake arrived very fast and was carefully packaged so that it arrived in almost perfect condition. It also comes with a large tub of white icing that you can drizzle over the top, before serving. I couldn't believe how large the size was and it actually fed my family of 5 for us to enjoy during breakfast, for three days. The cake itself is thick and almost has a solid but sponge cake type consistency that is really moist and very filling. The flavors are to die for with the sticky cinnamon outside and sweet cinnamon and vanilla swirled throughout the inside of the cake. The icing really tops it off beautifully and gives it that moist and sticky sweet flavor. Pair the cake with your morning coffee and you've got the perfect breakfast treat!
I used to love these growing up and stopped drinking water and lemon juice from this brand about 5-6 years ago. This stuff used to be so strong i used to just pour some in my mouth and get that alive feeling going. It feels like the product went through changes which added more water or something to make it not so strong. The stronger it is the less you use as well. The product is still really good but the taste is the same quality as the cheaper brand names almost. I thought  these would go fast but hey all lemon stuff i love unless it goes bad. This is a good product just wish it still had that hit me in the mouth chug sensation it used to be like.
One of the best lemon juice that I have tried. I am recurring customer due to the high quality of this product. When the season for fresh lemos is out, this one supplement our need for the citrus on the kitchen or refreshments.<br /><br />I will continue buying it.
This lemon juice is a must in my kitchen year-round. It has a powerful flavor and you don't need much of it to zest up a dish. I add a spritz of it to my water nearly every day.<br /><br />I will buy this product again and again.
Fast delivery and good product. This is the same lemon juice concentrate you can find in stores and it's really handy to have around to add to sauces, dressings, etc. Such a pain to squeeze fresh juice everytime you need it, nevermind having the lemons on hand to begin with.
This is not as good as the Frozen Lemon juice, but it is good. It has a slightly odd flavor, perhaps from a preservative. Sure wish I could order the frozen juice!
Couldn't believe it when told how relaxing this beverage was. Seriously, drink it only if you are getting ready for a nap or bedtime. If you have plans to drive or perform any other activity not recommended.<br /><br />I feel my arms and legs almost tingle with relaxation. After a short time my eyes start to get droopy and I am in another place.<br /><br />Love this stuff.
I bought these at Grocery Outlet here in the Seattle Tacoma are for $4.00 a case of tweleve not paying $38.00 Yes 3 for a dollar. I like the taste not great but not bad either low calorie will buy more but not at this whacked out price.
This is an great product. The taste is great, and it works exactly as described. Superb natural sleep aid. AMAZING!
WE have been looking for "natural" ways to help us sleep since we always seem to be overloaded with stress and a busy schedule. Yes, we'd probably be better served taking a yoga class, but this is a good second choice. This helps you fall asleep and stay asleep. I drank half the first night and that was plenty for me. After about 30 minutes, I was ready for bed! I woke up refreshed and with no sleepy-drug hangover, so that is a huge bonus.<br /><br />I gave the product 3 stars (instead of the 5 it deserves) as their packing job was marginal at best. The product arrived with 2 broken bottles, which at this price is a $6 loss! The bottles are glass and all they did was wrap one layer of the small-bubbled bubble wrap around the case and placed it in a larger box with extra room to move around in that box. Big packing fail, but the product is awesome.
We made chocolate chip cookies with BRM Garbanzo Bean Flour and the results were fantastic!  The brown sugar and chocolate mask any bean taste that other reviews have mentioned.  Our friends couldn't discern any difference from classic CCCs.  The texture, body, and elasticity (meaning reduced tendency to fall apart that occurs with most other gluten-free flours) is nice and chewy -- the same as CCCs made with regular flour.  And an added bonus -- the high protein and fiber level (I calculate 2-3 g fiber/cookie) fills you up so that you are satisfied with smaller servings and the glycemic index is significantly lower.<br /><br />I highly recommend this flour even if CCCs are the only thing you make with it.
This  is great stuff.  Made some really tasty banana bread.  Good quality and lowest price in town.
We had trouble finding this locally - delivery was fast, no more hunting up and down the flour aisle at our local grocery stores.
This packet of glaze is the secret to making those European style fresh fruit tarts. I am about to make one for a pie auction at church, after a friend requested that something "strawberry" should be offered. You can make the most amazing and relatively "healthy" fruit tarts by baking a base, layering it with uncooked, fresh, sliced fruit, then pouring over the made-up contents of one of these packets. They harden up at room temperature, hold the fruit together so you can slice the tart, and they let the beauty of the arranged fruit show through. I've also seen this glaze used over cheesecakes, to hold a fruit topping in place. Personally, I do not like cheesecake (too rich for me) but a fruit glazed cheesecake is gorgeous, I will admit. To do this, slice fruit and layer it on the cheesecake while it's still in the springform pan. Pour on the glaze, let it set up and then remove the springform. You'll have a clear layer of fruit on top of the cheesecake. Cherries, strawberries or sliced mangos are nice, but the best one I ever had used thin slices of lemons, that had been gently poached in sugar syrup before they were layered on the cake.<br /><br />I use a base of sponge cake, baked in a shallow form, but other bases can be pate sucre  (a kind of French pastry that is a bit like a sugar cookie) that works well in those fluted, straight-sided forms. You can also make mini-tarts in a muffin pan, pre-baking each mold with a layer of pie crust (even commercial crust works, though again, I prefer pate sucre, it holds its shape better and is more substantial and has a better crumb.) Just blind-bake the muffin tins lined with pate, then pop them out and fill with fresh fruits (berries are great) and pour over the glaze. Some people put a layer of creme patisserie, which is a pastry cream like custard but stabilized with flour,  below the fruit and I happen to think these taste best.<br /><br />If you get into baking, this glaze is a must-have on the shelf. The ingredients are vegan: tapioca starch, carrageenan, dextrose, cream of tartar, locust bean gum, so if you are looking to make a vegan tofu cheesecake, you can use this on top, as well as use it for fruit tarts with a nut crust base.
My Scotties were full of hot spots and when I used this within a week all the hot spots were gone. The smell is kinda strong, but not bad. It's tolerablel.
I bought this coffee because its much cheaper than the ganocafe and has the organic reishi mushroom as well as other healthy antioxidants.  I didn't expect it to taste good, but it actually does!  I've only had it for a few days and for $5 its totally worth it.  My sisters all take ganocafe but now I'm introducing them to this less expensive similar coffee.  I will follow up on this product in a few weeks.  :)
The coffee is very finely processed and the flavor is just alright.  Nescafe and Mount Hagen are better - I bought this to try something other than these two, but I probably won't get this again.  There is just a slight "vitaminy" taste, but it's not overwhelming.  It's also a bit pricey for what you get.
This coffee is great because it's all organic ingredients!  No pesticides to worry about, plus it tastes good, and you have the healing effects for ganoderma.
Like the other people mentioned, this coffee has a great taste. I've tried different instant coffees before, but this one is one of the better ones. Another one of my favorites, if you want to try it out (though NOT organic), is 'Africafe pure instant coffee'
Tastes great, and gives me energy without the jitters. Love this product.<br />However, I do wish it came in some sort of resealable jar or hard plastic container instead of a zip-lock pouch because the zip-lock ripped off and quit working after awhile. But the product is fantastic, just not crazy about the packaging.
These little guys are tasty and refreshing.<br /><br />I usually eat salads for lunch which can do terrible things to breath.  I eat 2 of these after lunch (because they are so small) and I find this sufficiently resolves the problem.<br /><br />They're sugar free (sugar can actually help the smelly bacteria grow) which is great and they're tasty enough that I almost think of them as part of my lunch.<br /><br />This is a good bulk value buy and I'd highly recommend the mints themselves.  Cheers!
I like these better than the regular Altoids, but they're even more costly, so you'd better like them.
These little tins of sugar free mine mints were a great deal.There perfict for on the go.Fifty mints per tin is just the right amount to cary along.And there safer for your teeth than the ones with sugar.The price of twelve dollars was very resonable.Also there great for shareing.If you are looking for a mint try these ones.Youll be glad you did.
Pros:<br />+packaging, shipping, price<br />+sold about a year before its expiration date (enough for me to eat/share 9 boxes)<br />+not too "fresh" like the regular wintergreen and not in a powdery form. it's a real mint!<br /><br />Cons: none!
Be careful not to eat too many of them in one day, as one of the chemicals in it is the same as that of a LAXATIVE!!! LOLOLOL!!!
These mints are really strong and have a great taste. They are also a convenient size to carry in a pocket or purse.
This is a huge supply of them. I'm still working on these and have plenty to spare. Much more effective than buying one from the grocery store or 7-11 every time you want a mint.
Even with small containers, they don't fill them up.  These little tins are less than half filled and at the price charged it seems a rip-off. Is there some exotic ingredient as costly as gold contained in those tiny squares?  Or how about the cereal ploy, they were filled at the factory but settled in transport.<br />Can manufacturers be honest in their dealings?
I love, and use the empty containers for medicine/advil in my purse, desk, suitcase. Also line with felt to keep earrings. Perfect little size to disguise small valuables when traveling and LOVE the mints. Tiny and powerful without burning my mouth.
Received as shown. My mother in law likes these and Walgreens quit carrying them. It was great i could get them on Amazon.
I keep a case of these in my office and always have at least a tin or two on my desk for visitors to help themselves to. Some folks stop by just to grab some mints and others pop them like candy while we meet. When I find someone who keeps coming back for more I just give them their own tin! One co-worker asked me to save the tins for her so she could use them as pillboxes and safety pin boxes. Like I said, theyre a real hit. Since I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off a candy dish, this is a good alternative to have around and it's nice to have them around if I have garlic for lunch! I gave the item 4 stars because they aren't as tasty as the sugar version of the mints  but what sugar free item is as good as it's full sugar counterpart?) and because of the fact that each tin is wrapped in plastic which seems like a waste and is irritating to remove (although I totally get why they wrap it - it still doesn't make it easy to deal with).
The tiny Altoids are great for a quick breath freshening and the small box is great for portability. It's full, but compact.<br /><br />I haven't run out yet, and probably won't for a couple months, but I can't wait to buy it again.
I loved these Wintergreen Altoid Smalls so much, I had to come write a review. The packaging is small for convenience, and the Altoids are smaller as well with a square shape, blue hue, and even more delicious taste in my opinion. I definitely prefer them over the regular-size Altoids and will continue purchasing them! Highly recommended!
Fresh scent and taste. Easy to eat one tin in few hours. I use them as favors and everyone loved them.
Hard to find the wintergreen smalls [sugar free] as stores only have the red smalls [peppermint --such a common flavor]. The wintergreen is refreshing and absolutely delicious. Driving cross country, if someone cuts me off, I turn to my daughter with my hand out and say "Wintergreen Me!" She pulls one out, puts it in my hand, and all is right with the world.
To me, these are nothing like the regular Altoids and are not breath mints. They are pleasant-tasting little candies in a cute convenient tin, and that's as far as it goes. The mintiness is just not strong, and the wintergreens are definitely weaker than the peppermint minis. I'm not a dragon-breath person, but still, one of these mints is too small to have any effect on my breath. Four or five will freshen my breath for a short while - maybe 15 minutes. At this point, I think the Icebreakers Frost mints are the best as sugar free breath mints.
we have fed our cats a lot of stuff. These 2 boy cats are not picky eaters. They loved the Purina. They loved the Nutro. They loved the Iams. They love whatever we feed them.<br /><br />This review is based on what we, their affectionate owners love. After a certain age, we were instructed by the vet to consider senior foods- and lower carb foods, because the catties were fatties. We tried a few types of food. Some evinced no change. Some made the litter super-stink.  Some had too small a kibble and the cats barfed it up because they didn't have to chew it to swallow it...<br /><br />This Felidae has done the trick. No problems to speak of. It is consistent in the litter and bearable on the nose. The cats love it. The kibble is sized appropriate to chewing. And here's the kicker:<br />After feeding the cats Felidae, their demeanor improved. Their coats are super soft and lush- both are new improvements we can directly attribute to this food. We're now loyal Felidae consumers.<br /><br />Additionally, the absence of corn product in the feed seems to lessen or remove the reactions of our friends with cat-allergies.
I started my cat on Felidae Platinum about 3 weeks ago and she loves it. She's an older cat, somewhat overweight, and had a grouchy temperament. I first mixed it with her previous food and she figured out which was which -- she ate the Felidae and left the old food! She's now been on just the Felidae for about ten days now, off the old food entirely, and she is a much sweeter, happier cat. I think it must agree with her better or be more easily digested, or something. In any case, I am a happy purchaser of Felidae. I don't agree with the previous reviewer that cats don't like it. Clearly, mine does.
We have three cats, the youngest is about eleven years old, another is fifteen and our oldest is, well ancient.  That is what the vet told us ten years ago.  The youngest is a blob.  When he lays down, he looks like a footstool. The other two are arthritic and skinny.<br /><br />Since we had such success with Canidae Platinum for senior dogs, I figured that we'd give it a try for our cats.  I'd had them on low ash Purina One Urinary tract formula for their entire lives and thankfully we had no UT problems.<br /><br />Buster, the youngest, is still a blob after six months plus on Felidae for Senior and Overweight cats.  However, the other two are now much more active and we can tell that they are really "feeling better" since we changed their food to Felidae.  Even Prissy, the ancient one has started to play and tease the dogs by getting them to chase her, where before when she was on Purina One, all she wanted to do was to sleep.<br /><br />I think that if you can get your cat on this fairly early in their weight problems, it'll be more effective.<br /><br />However, the glucosamine will certainly help your older fur balls have a happier life.
Too much of a good thing? We worked this kibble in over time, slowly shifting the percentage of Felidae to national junk-food brand until the bowl was all natural. By this time, the cats couldn't keep it in or down. What a mess. We've moved on.
As with canidae, Felidae has also changed their formula.  Cats do not like change when it comes to their food.  And they just had to change it without putting it on their label.  We noticed the color of the food had changed and so did the smell.  (As you will notice I have also reviewd the Canidae, and this all happened the same time the dogs were having issues.)<br /><br />Prior to the change in food we had almost lost two of our cats because we had moved to a new home.  If cats get "upset" because of a change in enviorment, or a loud noise they can stop eating.  It depends on the cat.  Two of them had stopped eating and had lost a lot of weight.  We took them to the vet and it took months to get them back to normal.  It has been a year since then and they are better.  Then the formula for this food changed.<br /><br />We started to noitce they were not eating as much and it started to bug us.  We asked the shop owner of the feed store and she had no knowledge of any change to the food.  It wasn't until the we were in there with other customers yelling about their dogs food making their dogs sick.  Right away we changed the cats food and they started chowing down and haven't suffered one bit like our dogs have.<br /><br />Cats are sensitve animals and changes to thier food could cause them to stop eating.  Anyone thinking of purchasing this food should not do it!  We have 5 rescued and fixed cats, none of which are picky eaters and the change in this formula could have been the death of them had we not found out about the change in their formula.<br /><br />I urge anyone that has had these problems to go to the consumer affairs website and also the FDA website and write a letter to them to let them know how this has affected your animal.  As with canidae they do not care how the change has affected my animals, and tell me not to buy it.  This is just horrible!
Don't buy just a few of these!  I order these by the case.  I can't even remember the first time I tasted an anchovy stuffed olive but I have tried several of the brands online and this brand is my favorite.
I order these olives a lot. They are un-like any other olives out there. The subtle flavors of the brine go great with cheeses. One of my favorite appetizer treats for guests.
Hey, the description says 360 grams - that is roughly 13 ounces at under $4.00 per can. No way - that is the approximate price for a 100 gram can.
My husband and I are both kind of wimpy when it comes to hot things and this seasoning is just a bit too spicy for us. It definitely makes you sweat a bit when you're eating it. It was still edible to us by adding a good sized dollop of sour cream but I don't think I would buy it again due to the heat. We prefer the milder McCormick's brand of Fajita mix. I've also had fajitas in a couple of different restaurants and it wasn't as spicy as this mix is.<br /><br />If you like super spicy then this is not burning hot so you might want to keep that in mind. To me it was more than medium hot but not by too much.<br /><br />I gave it three stars because it was pretty easy to make and it's versatile in that you could vary the veggies you put in it. You take a plastic bag, a couple of tbs of vegetable oil, 1/4 cup water and mix the seasoning, water and oil together then add the chicken strips to the bag and let it marinate for 5 minutes. In the meantime, it says to stir fry your veggies (peppers and onion) but I found it easier to just cook the chicken and veggies together and I don't think it affected quality or taste. I also used extra virgin olive oil rather than vegetable oil.<br /><br />I have one more package of this to use and next time I'm going to add more veggies and maybe some chopped tomato to cut the heat a bit more.
A friend who'd been drinking tea for 80 of his 84 years introduced me to this tea a few months ago. Even took me over to the store and bought me a pound. At $7/lb. in a retail store or a little over $9 with shipping from an online merchant, I think it's great. I've been drinking Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Irish Breakfast, Lapsang Souchong, Assam, etc. Most of them were over $30/lb. with shipping. Aside from the Lapsang Souchong, I think this is a great replacement for all the rest. Has everything I'm looking for in a strong, full-bodied black tea with enough character to keep it from becoming boring. My current favorite afternoon tea. Unless you're extremely jaded or a tea snob, you'll love it.
I love strong, full bodied quality tea and typically drink assam, irish breakfast or early grey tea, but as the other reviewer noted the price per pound can be discouraging. So I have been searching for a quality full bodied tea that wasn't bitter at a more palatable price point, and this certainly fits the bill. And unlike some other teas where they tend to be better in one form or another, i.e. iced vs. hot, this tea is excellent in both forms. I would certainly recommend this to anyone who prefers that smooth full bodied quality tea that doesn't cost an arm and leg.
I drink this tea plain (without sugar or milk), and it has a pleasant aroma.<br /><br />The price from Amazon is cheaper than my local grocery store.  One reviewer is right, I think it has some herbal smell to make up the aroma.  So the label "Imperial Blend" kind of implied the herb.<br /><br />I am not exactly a black tea drinker, so this tea is a surprise, and affordable too.  I usually prefer White Chinese tea, like White Peony, but it is more expensive, and requires lower temperature water.  But this is black tea, and this aroma kind of remind me the 'softness' of white tea.
I've tried a variety of Ahmad tea. Not because I particularly like this brand, but they are just easier to come across.  The Imperial blend, I believe, is the most complex yet well balanced of all the ones I've tried. It's full body like a good cup of Assam, which by no means overpower the delightful, clean taste of Darjeerling, complete with a long lasting note of bergamot. I enjoy it best in the evening. It gives a satisfying and relaxing finish to a busy day.<br /><br />For those interested in the specifics: I use about 3 teaspoons of lose tea in a stainless steel infuser in a 16 oz mug, let it steep in 208F water for 2-3 min, take the infuser out, and drink it without sugar or milk to savor its sophistication.
I have tried literally dozens of teas since being introduced to the Russian custom of preparing and drinking tea, and the Ahmad Imperial blend is probably my favorite of all of these due to the fact that it is equally delicious hot or iced.  I buy the three-packs as needed from Amazon and go through them rapidly. My family loves it and my friends have it in their homes now too, try one box of it and you will love it too.
This is an excellent tea.  One of the best I have ever had.  It is especially great when you prepare it with a samovar.
Herbal additives in this blend destroy real tea taste. It is only for people who like herbal taste. I don't.
Makes a tasty, super easy meal, fast. BUT high in calories.<br /><br />The instructions say to saute the veggies first but I recommend cooking the chicken first. The chicken takes longer to cook and the raw chicken ontop of veggies just makes a slimy mess. I made it with snow peas and carrots only. I dont like the little corn.  Added some red pepper flakes for heat and served ontop of rice.  It came out wonderful! Dinner on the table in less than 30mins.
I think I have tried just about every Bloody Mary mixer on the market at one time or the other.  Most have too much sugar or worst, corn syrup.  This mixer is all natural ingredients and very tasty. It does have a little kick. Enjoy.
Might be a little spicy for some, but this stuff rocks. I use 1/2 and1/2 with V8 for a milder version , or the best is a Bloody Caesar!<br />Half mix ,half clamato!
Took me one or two to get used to the pickle taste.  But now aim hooked and have to keep a bottle on hand
This candy is not as described. The middle is almost hard it is not a silky or smooth filling as described.<br />Looks and tastes like it's way past it's expiration date.<br />Would never reccommend this. Paid a good chunk of cash for nothing
I started drinking the power slim tea when I was on the HCG diet to help curb cravings. Since I liked it so well, I tried some of the others and I am now hooked!  They are so satisfying that I drink them all the time.  The Energy gives you that extra pick-me-up in the afternoons that helps keep me going all day, no matter how long.
I'm trying several of the Wu Yi teas. I like this one particularly because of the subtle citrus taste. It also has a natural sweetness.<br /><br />The ingredients include Organic Wu-Li Cliff Oolong Tea (700 mg), Organic Black Tea (600 mg), Organic Green Tea Extract (100 mg), Proprietary blend (600 mg), plus some Ginseng (panax), Orange Peel, Lemon Grass, and Guarana. Other Ingredients: Natual Orange and Citrus flavors.<br /><br />My goal is to drink more tea and less coffee. I am enjoying trying a different kind of tea every day. I'll be coming back to this one.
i cannot live without this citron falksalt, it is wonderful on watermelon, fish, almost any food requiring salt and in my world it all does.  just try it on red juicy watermelon, wonderful experience.
Terrible! Artificial lemon taste, like Pledge Lemon Furniture Polish. Don't do this to yourself. Just use plain flake salt and some fresh grated lemon zest.
These things are huge! I love the way the crystals crunch, and the flavor is not too overpowering or too subtle. This lemony flavor is my favorite--it's good on almost everything. You'll have plenty of flavored salt for a long time if you buy this.
The taste of these white cheddar flat breads is like a regular cracker - which is not bad, except that I bought them because I wanted a cheese taste.<br /><br />What was a HUGE disappointment? How misleading the packaging of the box is. The photo on the box (I bought these in store) makes it look like it is full of long flatbreads (expanding the length and width of the box). Wrong! The plastic tray that holds the crackers is about 2" smaller all around - leaving you with about 15 or so small flatbreads.<br /><br />What is also bad about this is that the company states they use biodegradable and eco-friendly packaging. FAIL! They used a HUGE box for a ridiculously small amount of crackers. Not ecofriendly at all.<br /><br />Would I buy these again? No - I feel ripped off. The other crackers (like Sesame Tarragon) give you a little<br />more bang for your buck and have more flavor.
This is the ultimate puppy food.  The kibbles are great for small breeds.  High in digestible nutrients as opposed to fillers some companies use.  Less waste results from the high quality ingredients.  I have been hunting, training, showing and handling various breeds of dogs for nearly 40 years, with multiple National Champions.  I have been highly satisfied with Eukanuba's quality and the results I have obtained feeding their foods.  My recent purchases are with WAG, through AMAZON.com.  Their prices are the best I have found and they are very good at shipping immediately on items in stock.
The recommendation when we bought our puppies (lhasa/bichon mix and lhasa/poodle mix) was that we continue them on the food that they have had since being weaned. This is a somewhat expensive food so I can't say that we were terribly pleased but we loaded up on the stuff and headed home.<br /><br />Let me just say this, I have had small dogs before. Never have I seen such gas issues. Both of them consistently had foul gas. Consistently. Usually when they're sitting on our laps but, you know. They're dogs.<br /><br />When we got through the first bag of this stuff, we purchased more on amazon. It was a great price for it since we got a 40 lb bag for the price of (I think) a 15 lb bag at Petco. But, they continued to have gas. I mean, they loved the food, don't get me wrong and they loved it more when we'd mix in some water and it would be like soft food. Somehow that made their gas worse but I think I'll have to give that responsible to the speed with which they chowed down- can't blame the food itself for gluttony.<br /><br />Eventually, we switched their food. No more farting. I think it was due to the high fat content which undoubtedly is necessary for very small puppies. They just need that in their diet. I think that we were advised to keep them on it for much longer than was useful (they said up until 1 year). Yeah right, you try dealing with gas for that long. Around 6 mos of age we switched to PuppyChow. Much better. Granted, they don't like it as much, but we humans like it a whole lot better.
A very delicate green tea with a smooth light taste and an subtle floral tones and no bitter aftertaste.<br /><br />In the 20+ years we have been drinking Ahmad teas not even once have we been disappointed. The superb quality of Ahmad teas has remained consistent throughout the years.<br /><br />I am so happy to find Ahmad teas available here (thanks Amazon!) because only a few stores carry it in my area and they are quite a few miles away. The current deal for the pack of 6 is superb (much cheaper than I can find locally).<br /><br />This is a great tasting tea, which I am happy to recommend.
Fresh,a great way to get a little chocolate in my life without a million calories. They taste just like chocolate pudding.
If you like the Ceylon tea variety, you will certainly enjoy and appreciate this tea.<br /><br />I am so happy to find Ahmad teas available here (thanks Amazon!) and very surprised at the negative review from 2009 because in the 20+ years we have been drinking Ahmad teas not even once have we been disappointed. The superb quality of Ahmad teas has remained consistent throughout the years.<br /><br />The current deal for the pack of 4 is very good (cheaper than I can find locally).<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />NOTE: This listing's description is confusing. Each packet of tea weighs 500 grams, which equals 1.1 pounds or 17.6 ounces.
I've been enjoying this tea for years.  This tea is good mornings, afternoons or evenings.  My local store went out of buisiness....Thanks Amazon!  I use a bodum tea press to prepare a pot.
Hi, I have to have black tea everyday. I have done it in the past 25 years and it's a habit of mine. Ahmad tea is one of my favorite brands and I highly recommend it if you like black tea. I think this is going to remain my favorite for the next 100 years or so :)
I have tried it out despite the other review and I found that this is exactly the same tea i buy in either Russian or Italian groceries.
Ahmad Tea is an excellent looseleaf tea eith hot or for making iced tea. Great flavor with no lingering aftertaste.
I've been drinking this tea for the past 8 or 10 years, usually buying a box or two when visiting large metropolitan areas, where many Middle-Eastern stores carry loose Ahmad teas, usually at $5-7 for a pound box.  I've always considered it an unremarkable but robust tea, with enough aroma and taste, and beautiful reddish color, perhaps not good enough a tea to drink on its own, but a decent base for mixes.<br />This tea, however, is nothing of the sort. Freshly opened package has almost no characteristic tea smell, and the brewed tea is weak, flat and tasteless.  Somehow it just does not seem to be the same product anymore. So, you get a lot of tea for the money, but the quality is such that you might as well drink Lipton bags, they are not that much worse.
I love love love this deal - it's way fun to pick from so many! Teas and chocolates and ciders as well as many coffees. The other outfits that assemble samplers are boring - they do the choosing, and from a much narrower range. The sellers here are very nice, also, and will answer questions via email about the slightly confusing ordering method (it's easy). If you want great packaging, forget it - they ship fast, and the kups are just tossed loose in a box. Who cares?
Once you've tried some random sampler packs (and now are overloaded with decafs,extra bolds, or teas), this is a great way to get exactly the brands or style that you want.  Received the order in a couple of days and was exactly what I ordered.  This was my second order and I'll be ordering this item again.
good products and fast shipping equals a happy me. a little pricey but you can hand pick a few good flavors...a few i cant find anywhere else so def worth the price
If used on a daily basis you will keep your gums healty and between your teeth clean and free of plack.
WOW!  This product is very impressive. I bought the 8oz blueberry and was pleased with packaging, price and shipping.  The powder dissolves instantly.  Even in water!  I've just been mixing a 1/4 tsp in a small glass of water for now and drinking it down and it tastes great!, but will add it to my smoothies and juiced fruit juices next. This product is so economical compared to purchasing fresh blueberries, especially because there is no waste due to mold or overripe berries thrown away.  I think you could add this to baked or unbaked foods as well.  I'm excited to add more of the SuperFoods to my diet in this fast and easy way. I definitely will being trying the other flavors soon.
The pork chops from Omaha Steaks were very tasty but at the same time exceptionally dry. Pork is usually dry meat but these were to the extreme. Possibly shipping them frozen and keeping them frozen was partly the problem.
Five minutes in, one tentacle was bitten off, ball inside cracked in half. Not durable enough to be a dog toy. Disappointed :(. So is the dog :(.
I am chemical sensitive as well as sugar-free. I have been using this product for over a year. I use it maybe once a week at the most. I drink 1/2 the bottle and then boost my energy after an hour or two depending on how I feel. IMO this doesn't replace my a.m. coffee but is sweet in the early afternoon when I start to fade. Once in a while I drink a full bottle before a workout. I've been drinking Guayaki Yerba Mate teas for years. Compared to the many toxic energy boosters out there I highly recommend this. This product is clean and doesn't leave nasty chems behind in the body. Try it before you judge from a review - everyone's body reacts differently.
I felt energized within five minutes, but it lasted for about 45 minutes. I paid $3.99 for this drink. I could have just drunk a cup of coffee and saved my money.
Yes, it's probably healthier than 5-Hour Energy or Starbucks shots but if you're looking to avoid a caffeine overload, this is still not for you. Most energy drinks cannot be made w/ out a high dosage of caffeine. I believe the caffeine content of 1 Guayaki shot is 150 mL - probably lower than other un-healthy energy shot drinks but I believe most other people avoid the top brands b/c they contain too much caffeine and/or sugar. If you do not react well to caffeine, Guayaki is not a good buy either. I definitely feel an energy boost w/ 1 full Guayaki shot but not w/ out all the other caffeine side effects - irritability, nervousness, mood-swings. Caffeine overdose is why I stopped drinking coffee. But it looks even organic energy drinks are still not safe.<br /><br />Now you're NOT sensitive to caffeine, then it's a great buy. It's not loaded w/ sugar. The taste is easy and pleasant. It's not loaded w/ a bunch of chemicals like 5-Hour shots or Starbucks drinks. And the energy boost lasts for about 4 to 5 hours. Takes about 5 to 7 minutes to kick in but all this probably depends on your body/weight.<br /><br />Side note - if you want to feel energized during the day, have a protein drink first thing in the morning and stay away for heavy, fattening foods during the day that will make you feel sluggish and sleepy!
These Nature Valley Nut Lovers Variety Pack was perfect. Although I wasn't sure about the peanut butter bar, it was excellent. I loved the Roasted Almond, Roasted Pecan and the Peanut Butter.<br /><br />I will definately buy from this seller again. Quick shipping and very fresh.
I so wish I would have read this review before purchasing TWO gallons of this oil for my health issues. It reeks like a chemical rubber smell. This smell is coming from the black rubber gasket in the lid. When I called to report the situation to the company, Sabrina told me I would have to pay to send them a sample to have tested by a lab. Unbelievable. Good customer service would indicate that they would pay for the product to be returned and give me a full refund, including shipping. The product is faulty. Period. I will never order anything from this company again and do not recommend it to anyone based on this horrible customer service and lack of responsibility and ownership.
This product has a strong after-taste of Crayola crayons!<br /><br />I am in the process of trying different brands of coconut oils for cooking purposes.  Upon opening the plastic container, the aroma of crayons immediately fills the room, and this flavor permeates the food that is cooked in it.<br /><br />I suspect the source of the problem is the plastic used in the plastic container as I have not experienced this with any of the other brands purchased.<br /><br />To date, my favorite coconut oil is distributed by Barleans.  The flavor is fantastic.  However, they do not supply a gallon-sized tub,and Dr. Mercola has the best product in that size category.
Had this shipped to my sister who follows a gluten-free eating plan and she reports that it is very versatile and easier than grinding almonds for a crispy crust on chicken and fish filets. Also uses it in place of bread crumbs in meatloaf and meatballs.  Stays moist when added in place of wheat flour in baking, too. Good product, good value.
These are healthy and my mixed Llasa, Tibetan Terrier adores them. And they are healthy and his breath doesn't smell and his teeth are in good shape because of such products. A great healthy product.
A great healthy chew for my 9 wk old beagle, Rio. He loves the taste and it sure beats my arm.
I really enjoy this product. I had such a hard time finding it affordable in the store. Once I found it I look no further, it's the only sugar I use.  Thanks so much.
I have used and liked Sugar in the Raw for many years, after being introduced to it in a Starbucks. My most recent purchase, however, was disappointing. The sugar was lighter in color and had a crystal size maybe 1/4th of the regular size. Having large crystals was something I always really liked about Sugar in the Raw. It enhanced the quality of mixed drinks and of lattes. I called their hotline to complain and was told that they had had a problem with their recent sugar crop and that the result was less molasses in the sugar. They have had many complaints of a similar nature. This, they claimed, also reduced the crystal size. They said this problem should go away with their newer crop. The representative said that the new-crop sugar will have a 6-10 digit date code (without ANY spaces) that ends with a "1" and no letters. The trailing digits are a date code using the Julian calendar. (My recent bad-purchase had a space after the initial sequence of numbers and then ended with a "51A"). Bottom line: their current product is not much better than much cheaper products. When they get a better crop, I'll go back to purchasing Sugar in the Raw.
"Sugar in the Raw"(tm) Please Harvest Cane w/o Burning<br />To be delivered to: HC&S<br />Dear "Sugar in the Raw" folks,<br /><br />We who buy your product care about the environment. And we'd like to know that you care too. When you burn the cane fields on Maui, it adds to the CO2 and worsens climate change. And the smoke from your burning is damaging the lungs of your workers, your workers' children and the residents of Maui.<br /><br />We love your product and want you to change to no-burn harvesting so we can continue to buy it, knowing we aren't contributing to Global Warming and lung disease.<br /><br />[...]
Love this sugar.  I also get muscavado sugar and they are both great to use in place of regular white sugar. Recommend!
Product is exactly as advertised.  What a savings!  At least half the retail price. Easy to store because of the individual packaging.
I used to buy this sugar for years. I do not eat much sugar, but still. This sugar is called turbinado sugar, but is misleading. I picked this brand just because it says real turbinado sugar, and other brands (in the local food store) that their sugar is brown because it is colored with caramel or something.<br /><br />HOW did i find out? I needed just a sweet water few days ago. I put this Sugar in The Raw in the glass. The water became brown and on the bottom of the glass i got just PURE WHITE SUGAR CRYSTALS!!!!! What a shame on the producer! U can try to put this sugar in your mouth and after few seconds you will spit out pure white crystals as well.<br /><br />I'm just wondering if the consumers can hold the company liable for such a practice.
It's just sugar in the raw, it's flavor profile is much better then white sugar and it's suppose to be better for you or something. I just wish the bags were resealable.
This is a delicious sugar. It has a pretty light brown color and delicious aroma. But the granules are quite big, however -- bigger than plain refined sugar. This makes is difficult to cream butter and sugar together. But if you use it in a recipe where you will melt the sugar first before baking it, or if you use it to brew beer and plan to boil it to melt it, it is a great product. It would be the perfect sugar if only the granules were a bit finer.
I only use raw sugar, it did seem a little smaller than the normal crystals but it is still good. Will buy again.
This sugar is very good.  Use this in your coffee, cereal, etc for a week and you'll never go back to white sugar, white sugar will taste terrible.  Plus from what I've read, this Raw sugar contains a lot of minerals that are missing in our diets.<br /><br />The product was delivered fast and well-packaged.  My only complaint is the price.  I wish I could find Raw sugar cheaper.  I would be happy to buy in bulk, but this is the cheapest I have found.
I thought this was a great buy, but as noted by Scott D., the molasses content was not up to par.  I loved the higher molasses content "Sugar in the Raw".  Unfortunately what I purchased recently does not have the higher molasses content and I have twelve 24 ounce bags.  I guess I'll watch for the next crop.
I really love this sugar and price-wise it's much cheaper to buy it here on amazon compared to anywhere else.
Love this sugar. It tastes so much better and isn't as overly sweet tasting as "regular" sugar. We've used it in quite a few baking items and they always turn out very good. The price that Amazon has this set at is very good to and makes it easy to use this for everyday stuff.
Can't say anything bad about Sugar in the Raw.  I like it better than the other "natural" sugars. Better consistency and - I know it doesn't matter - but better color. Unfortunately, one of the "natural" paper bags got torn a bit in the box.  It didn't look like the box was damaged so I can't tell how it happened, but it was sort of pain to clean up half a bag that spilled all over the inside of the box and our kitchen when I opened it.  Not sure what the solution is and I'd order it again, but if it happens again, I'd switch to one of the brands that ship in an unnatural plastic bag.
Great service! Items arrived faster than expected. Very efficient! Will use this seller again. I highly recommend this seller! Thank you for the excellent service!
Please ignore the one-star comments, if you check the bag the main ingredient IS in fact whole grain brown rice and the second is rice flower. With anything that is gluten free you have to add another "binder" which is where the corn flour comes in. For someone who has celiac disease and cannot have Sunchips, because they contain wheat (a key binder to any chip, cookie or cereal) this is an excellent product. My spouse and I buy these a lot because they are gluten free and absolutely delicious!
Best flavor ever!  I'm addicted!  They are all good but these are by far the best.  I could live on these!  And there is no need for anymore to say....
So many "healthy" products don't taste very good.  Or taste good when you first try them and then go downhill.  I've had these chips on more than one occasion and they are very tasty.  I've served them to guests twice and both times they wanted to know what they were and where to get them. It's also nice to have something gluten-free for friends who are borderline diabetic...but I would eat them anyway.
I found these crisps at our local WalMart & figured I would give them a try. They were so yummy I may never go back to regular chips, not that I was a big chip fan anyway. The only problem is I can eat the entire bag in one sitting. I give these crisps a big thumbs up!
This is one of the best tasting crisps I have ever eaten! I only buy it on special occassions because I know I'll eat the whole bag.
I paid $1.79 for a 2 ounce pkg of these at lunch today. I bought them because brown rice is a "good" carb.  As soon as I tasted one and it tasted like a corn chip I checked the ingredients.  The name is deceptive - these have "Masa corn flour" listed in the ingredients and it overwhelms the taste.  I won't buy these again - I can get Sunchips for less money and similar taste.
I use the Rotel Mild and I LOVE this product so much--it saves me on a daily basis.  If you're trying to cook lower fat, healthier foods and in a HURRY, this stuff makes it so much easier.  Ever notice that some canned tomatos have a weird "tin can" taste when you make spagehetti sauce or whatever?  For some reason this product doesn't have that.  It tastes so good you can just dump it in with a can of beans, heat and eat.<br /><br />or add some chili powder and now you have chili soup.  I also make indian dishes with this, and spicey spaghetti sauce.  I also prefer this to most canned salsas, so it works for things like quesadillas if you drain the liquid off.<br /><br />None of my local grocery stores carry it at all, nor do they carry anything like it.  So I have to pay Amazon's inflated price to order this by the case.  I don't like that I'm paying a higher price, but I LOVE LOVE LOVE the product.
the price on this product certainly raises my attention on compairing amazon price with the local stores. i can get a can of this rotel at my local kroger for $1. dissapointing!
howdy y'all,<br /><br />the actual product is VERY good - i'd rate the item a 4 on it's own. however, it's only ONE dollar at the local grocery and - @ twenty eight+ dollars per twelve pack - these are running almost two and a half dollars each.<br /><br />as i said, TOO EXPENSIVE. [*sigh ...*] i was really hoping to get them at something approaching the local cost.<br /><br />take care,<br />lee
Nothing wrong with the product, but I sure had to mix it with *lots* of other ingredients to make it edible to me. (In Texas I was called a "baby-mouth" - not into very spicy-hot foods.)<br /><br />For comparison, I'm comfortable with Tostitos medium chunky salsa. 1 can of this milder Rotel, mixed with 2 slightly larger cans of diced tomatoes, was still way too hot for me to use as salsa for chips. I used some of this to make a sort of southwestern cornbread that was good though.
This is a fantastic product, and I wish it was readily available in most stores. It's taste is not the greatest, but it's a 2.5 oz. shot, and it's gone in a second. It tastes, more or less, like a concentrated sweet tea. For the record, I've had 5 hour energy, and that tastes FAR worse. I will put up the taste for the results. It's got 150mg of caffeine, which is the equivalent of the big red bulls and monsters. I can't stand sucralose and sugar substitutes, and this is one of the only shot sized energy drinks that has only sugar in it. The sugar is at 9g, which isn't horrible. I used to drink 4 16oz. Red Bulls a day for the caffeine, and this gives me far better energy, and is much more subtle. My preference is black coffee, but I can't drink 8-12 cups a day anymore. Overall, Steaz does it right; real organic ingredients in moderate amounts, and they create big results.
I have to get up really early to work out before work and I get super tired by the middle of the afternoon. I was drinking one 5 hour energy, usually extra strength, each day. It worked well, but gave me a jittery feeling, almost headachy but not quite. My husband got me to try this and I was skeptical, but for me it works as well if not better than the 5 hour energy and doesn't give me that jittery almost-headache feeling.<br /><br />I don't mind the taste--it reminds me of the inside of a fig newton (mmm). And the price is ok, on Amazon anyway. At my grocery store they were almost $3 each, yike!<br /><br />And it's organic--so I can feel good about it, right? It's all about me feeling good!
I bought these for my husband and he said they are the best energy shots out there. He takes one in the mornings and works hard all day. Good stuff!
I am a energy junkie and I'm not sure if this works or not, but what I do know is that the taste is not the greatest. I do drink the steaz energy drink and I think I get the same results. I like this products because it is  more natural then the others.
If you want an organic energy shot, your choices are this one from Steaz and the assorted flavors from Guayaki. Guayaki Yerba Mate is actually in the Steaz energy shot and energy drinks, and they both use Sambazon Acai, so there are some similarities in ingredients.<br /><br />Great energy burst for 4+ hours on a Steaz Energy Shot, and no withdrawals or headaches afterwards. Plan on drinking one every day at lunch at work. This will help me cut down on my iced coffees, which are not helping my calorie intake.<br /><br />Already ordering 12-packs on subscribe and save, 2 per month. Great value.
I was looking for a natural energy shot that works, and I found it. Steaz energy shot is my favorite!<br /><br />I recently had gastric bypass surgery, so tons of sugar is a no-no. And I'm also allergic to Sucralose (Splenda) so most other energy drinks are out.<br /><br />I tried Bazi energy shots and they didn't work as well as Steaz, and definitely didn't taste as well. These have a taste that's almost like Coca-Cola--not bad at all.<br /><br />If you're looking for natural energy, give these a try.
I had tried both of the Guayaki energy shots and I don't like the taste of either of them! This one has more natural caffeine and tastes much better. I like them cold for sure. My husband and I take these on road trips in a little cooler with ice and waters and we don't have to make stops for coffee! Especially on the turnpikes where it's just way too expensive. It's worth the $[...] per shot. We normally split them. I'm really sensitive to caffeine, even the natural kind so I get a little weird if I drink the whole thing but that's the same for coffee too for me. My husband drinks the whole shot and gets a nice wake up boost. I would recommend these over any of the sinthetic shots out there. You can feel good about putting this in your body! I'll be ordering again soon for sure =)
I purchased it because it was on sale. In terms of the energy it provides, it works, but the taste leaves something to be desired. I tried mixing it with some water to make it more drinkable.
I've been feeling extremely tired around the late afternoon. As a software engineer, this is entirely unacceptable! So, I asked the nice lady at the counter of my local Whole Foods Market, for something that will give me that extra energy I need to get through the day.<br /><br />She excitedly returned with a suspicious little green bottle. Over three hours after drinking whatever that was, my brain is still working at unnatural speeds. To summarize my experiences: I believe this works.<br /><br />She did explain that I needed to drink plenty of water with it, which I personally feel helped the energy level. So if you're feeling tired during the day and hate coffee, give this a shot - preferably before you eat anything.<br /><br />Woot!
The energy shot truly does work! It had a terrible after-taste at first, but now that I know what to expect, I am getting used to it. I always have some water handy as a chaser...which helps! I am so glad to have found something that gives me the energy I need without all the chemicals found in other beverages. It's helped me kick my addiction to Diet Coke and other aspartame-laced caffeinated beverages. Yay!!!
I've tried 5-hour energy, red rain, NOS, and other energy shots.  This is my favorite in terms of taste and effect.  Plus, it's somewhat reassuring to know that natural ingredients are used.  Sometimes I wonder what I'm really putting into my body with some of the other brands.  I purchase a box about once every 2 months for the past 2 years.
If you're looking for an energy boost without artificial sweeteners and other chemicals, this is a great option.  The taste is decent and it is a nice smooth uplift without jitters.
I first found Steaz Berry Energy Shots at a local organic market. I bought two bottles, which cost just under three dollars each. I fell in love instantly. The drink is delicious -- I can taste the yerba mate and the acai juice, like a slightly bitter fruity chocolate honey tea. I am very sensitive to sucralose (Splenda) which is in so many energy drinks these days; I also hate the taste. I love that Steaz has actual sugar and no artificial sweeteners. The rush it gives me is slow and even. I have several medical conditions, including fibromyalgia, which saps me of energy and causes intense pain. I like how Steaz helps clear away the fatigue and fog so I can get things done. No caffeine jitters, even though there are 150 mg of caffeine in each bottle.<br />It was becoming expensive for me to buy the bottles separately at stores, so I started looking online for a bulk price. I am so thrilled to have found the Pack Of 12 on Amazon. I signed up for Amazon Prime specifically for this product, hah!
I have tried other energy shots and this one is the only one that really makes me feel good and energized without any other sides effects at all, its also the best taste, others taste like medicine, this one has a tea fresh taste. I love it.
I drive OTR...Over the Road truck and this helps to keep me alert. It has no sugar high & no crash. I'm on a autoship which i like. The price is very good. I've seen it over 2 bucks in the store.
Products takes pretty good, and it doesn't leave you gittery.  With subscibe and save as well as Prime membership I pay below $ 2 a shot.  My wife tried them and now she drinks them like they are going out of style.  I moderate mine and they make for more effective use before weight training.  I recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a healthier alternative to high sugar and unnatural products that are everywhere that still gives you the results of an AWESOME Energy Drink.
I use this product daily, and it provides a steady stream of energy.  I do not get jittery or crash.  It also helps me practice portion control because it acts as a slight appetite suppressant.
I've been buying and drinking this for over a year now, and the energy boost is excellent, with a continuous, ~6-hour effect. The most recent shipments seem to have improved the flavor slightly as well, or perhaps I'm getting more used to it. I don't drink it for the flavor, but it's not as heinous as the fake flavors found in the other, non-organic energy shots.
This is the first time I've really been misled by other reviews on amazon. I like 5-hr Energy, I find Rain ok and so I thought I'd try this product based on the reviews. Boy am I sorry! I gagged getting one bottle down even with my nose pinched (really). And it leaves the worst medicinal taste in your mouth afterwards. 8 tic tacs at once did not get rid of it! But worst of all, within an hour I was yawning and drowsy. Unless you really like things that taste of a weird tea-flavored cough syrup and don't work, don't buy this! I don't know what to do with the other 11 bottles. big fail
I loved this mold!  I wished I could have used it for more than one occasion, but it didn't last.  I did use it to make 30+ suckers for my daughter's first birthday. But there was going to be no way that the mold could be salvaged after that.  I would have liked to have kept to use on other occasions, but for the price it didn't matter to me that much.  It served it's main purpose :)
You HAVE to try the VANILLA Tootsie Rolls!  The regular chocolate ones are good, but THESE are the BEST EVER!!
Try this you might like it. I did and I am quite addicted, it is too easy to prepare, it tastes great and it absorbs the flavors you cook it with. The price is really good and well worth the purchase. If you like this type of Couscous like I do, then give this one a try.It can be eaten hot, room temp or in a cold salad with a variety of greens and other flavors, it takes on the other flavors very well when mixed. I cooked the Couscous with a broth and oilive oil for added flavor and it rocked my taste buds big time. I will be back for more.
This tri-color couscous is really good...full of flavor and fun to eat.  I love the texture.  I cook in chicken broth and add some minced garlic and chopped herbs (parsley, cilantro,) along with some red pepper flakes.  At the end of cooking, I add some olive oil and this makes a wonderful side dish...Highly recommend
I tried to find israeli couscous in a number of upsacale grocery stores and no luck.  So I decided to try good ole Amazon.com and selected this product.  It is so good..add a few herbs and it's a great side dish, or add more and make a "pasta type" salad.so very good.  I am hooked.  Great flavor and so easy to prepare!
The package came with the label torn off and no cooking instructions. I know how I normally cook Couscous so tried 3/4 cup water to 1 cup couscous-brought to a boil and let sit, covered for 5min. It was mushy and tasteless.We have thrown out the rest of the container.
I wouldn't even think of buying this product unless I know the price per unit. How can I compare other items online or in a store?
I love ordering whole bean coffee on Amazon.  I like this so much that this my first product review.  I have to say that I'm usually not a big fan of flavored coffee, but I thought I would give it a try.  When my husband started grinding it up, I could smell it throughout the house.  Sometimes with flavored coffees, the smell is there but the taste isn't.  However, not with this one.  I'm now going to order another flavor from this company and will give it a try.
I love this coffee. I do wish it came already ground as I don't have a grinder and use a blender instead. But it's worth it. Many flavored coffees I've tried only seem to have a flavored odor that doesn't reach the coffee, but this one manages both.
This brand of coffee has been available in my local stores for some time -- I've believe the company is local.  I've been drinking it for quite some time and have not tired of it.  I'm particularly fond of the Turtle Sundae but all the flavors are good.  I can't say that I've had a bad one.<br /><br />As it turns out, it's less expensive to order it from Amazon and have it show up at my front door than it is for me to run out to the local Walmart to get it.  It's a no brainer.  Try it, if you like rich, flavored coffee, you'll like it.
It is hot! I love it, tasty and a little sweet. I usually scoff at salsas labeled as hot, but this one lives up to its billing.
I consume about a jar every two weeks of this, either adding it to fajitas or using it as a corn chip dip.  It is hot, but after awhile the medium Salsa Suprema was too mild for me; I thought maybe I'd cut down how much I ate by going to the hot Salsa Ranchera.  It's hot enough that people who aren't used to it will say "That's hot!".<br /><br />Flavor: bright and forward.  The similarly hot Salsa Victoria is a duller taste to me, I guess earthy.  This salsa is much brighter in the mouth.  I don't like to go hotter than this because the sauces I've tried lose any resemblance to yummy salsa and just taste hot (this happens to me with Tabasco sauce, for example).<br /><br />A drawback is La Victoria doesn't make a larger bottle of Salsa Ranchera nor Salsa Victoria, nor do they sell them in [...] or Sam's Club.  To get a good deal you have to watch for sales.
service was great, but I meant to buy Swiss Chalet chicken SAUCE not the Marinade :)<br /><br />Love the sauce - have yet to try the marinade
Use frequently as we like to do Asian dishes at least once a week.  Love this product.  Fast shipping, as usual.  Would buy again.
These individually wrapped pieces are delicious (although I wish there were a few more). Mildly sweet with no sugar-free aftertaste, even a traditional "marzipan-aholic" should enjoy these.
Put this in my husbands stocking for Christmas and it was a hit.
I was amazed at how quickly it arrived!  It is a cute stocking stuffer, but only OK as far as user appeal.  You get what you pay for.
Toy was typical quality I expected.  I got taken for a major ride on the shipping!
So we cancelled the order.  It was cancelled without any problem.  That is a positive note...
i love the convenience of the singles. The best creamer around.Taste is just like the big bottle. I can stick them in my purse and take them to work.
These creamers come in 4 packs of 25. I have taken one to work and opened one for home so far, and haven't found a single broken or leaking creamer yet. I usually have way too much cream and sugar in my coffee, but with these it is easy for me to cut down on the sweetness because I won't allow myself more than 2 creamers per cup. I think this is definitely the best option for buying creamers from Amazon since all the other listings have a lot of complaints about creamers breaking in shipping!
Even though we are International Delight fans we were not completely dissapointed by this product. We had no problem with the shipment, but the creamer itself is thinner than International Delight. Other than that we are happy :D
Besides the obvious convenience and portability of the individual creamers, I liked this item specifically because of packaging. I couldn't believe how many reviews I read about coffee creamer cups; but many of the Amazon creamer options (both Coffeemate and International Delight) had multiple negative reviews due to the shipment arriving with broken cups thanks to sloppy packaging.<br /><br />That was not an issue here. The shipment arrived in four dispensing boxes of 50 each (as shown in the photo); those boxes were tightly packed in a thick cardboard box which could take a good beating before damaging the inner boxes. Thus, none of my cups were broken, no waste and no sloppy drippy mess. Plus the four boxes means I could put one in the kitchen, one in the bathroom (we moved our mini Keurig there when we upgraded the kitchen Keurig - best idea my husband ever had), and one at work, with a reserve for whichever runs out first.<br /><br />If you are looking for these mini creamers but deterred like I was by the negative packaging reviews on other options, this is your best bet. As a bonus, the auto delivery price is very reasonable.
This seller is very nice.  And the price is very good.  The only reason I stop ording is bacause I went to sugar free, and at that time he did not have it.  But for those of you that don't have to watch there fat in take, I would get this product from them.
I purchased these coffee mate singles to use at work along with the coffee "tea" bags.  They're great because they don't require refrigeration.
I received the items in a timely manner. Upon receipt, I removed a pack to consume. The pop-tart was STALE and left an awful taste in my mouth.
I found these new spring Pop-Tarts and bought them on a whim.  My kids and I were amazed and delighted at the fun, colorful, amazingly detailed artwork on these Pop-Tarts.  Fantastic for after school snacks, lunch boxes, and school treats. Tie with a ribbon for a bright "thinking of you this spring" gift.  The only challenge is finding more in stores.  Way to go Kellogg's - fantastic product!
Yes, I am having a cup right now.  I went all over town looking for this coffee after been invited to a non profit organization to a banquet and besides the delicious food they top it off with this amazing delicious coffee.  I paid and extra 20 bucks to get it right way and it is worth the money. Highly recommend.
Taste like it is stale.  Will not order this again.  I had this coffee at a 50th year annerversery at a reception hall and had to have it.  This stuff tasted NOTHING, like the Douwe Egberts at the hall.  This is possibly stale coffee.
Serveice delivery with the seller was excellent. The product was not. Will not order again. Bad taste. Iam not sure if it was old or that how it tastes. I throw it right away, i coudl not drink it.
This is honestly THE BEST seasoning salt in all the land.  It tightens up any dish; not spicy, just perfectly seasoned.  It's perfect, hence, my purchase of this 35 oz. mamma jamma.
The order arrived as advertised. I have had only a few chances to use it, but it is awesome. The flavor is exactly what I hoped for! It may take me a while to finish the entire gallon, but I will definnantly order again!
I like a lot of sesame oil and use it in salads regularly.  Great quality, flavor and aroma.  Can't beat that its organic!
Bought a set of two when my son was about 6 months, and we started taking them with us whenever we went out to eat.  I cut up cantaloupe, apple, banana (even used sweet potatoes a few times)-- just whatever I could get at the restaurant-- and it would keep my son busy long enough that I could actually eat!  It's great because I didn't have to be overly worried about him choking on big chunks, and he got to try out new foods.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy this again.
I have a slightly different version of this - different brand.  My son started using it around six months, and he really enjoys it.  He DOES get messy if he eats something sticky or juicy like banana or watermelon, but whatever...  Anyway, I also had trouble cleaning it, until I tried scrubbing it with a nail or vegetable brush.  That works pretty well.  It takes some time, but not as much as it would take to run food through a food mill or blender, or cut it up, then clean it up off him, the chair, the floor, the dog, me, well you get the picture.
What a GREAT idea!!!! My daughter love it.<br />I don't think is difficult to wash, I mean, is not like just toss water and that's it... but, come on!!!!<br />Absolutely recommend it!
This product is impossible to wash and actually get cleaned.  I couldn't get the food pieces out to save my life. I tried scrubbing them out and even washed it in the dishwasher as it suggests.
I loved this product for fruits and other food that I didn't want my new baby to choke on.  I also used it to put ice in when my baby was teething. It worked great for this, as well as for the food. I didn't like bananas in it though-impossible to get clean!
I love, love, love the idea of this product and my little one loves, loves, loves to use it.  She gets fresh fruit and other tasty things and I don't have to worry about her choking.  The only drawback is that bits of food get stuck in the mesh and the seams and are impossible to get out.  Granted, some foods are more difficult than others and some don't cause that much of a problem.  Bananas however, have pretty much destroyed a couple of them.  While I love this product, I think that next time I will get the one that has the removable and replaceable mesh bags.
The Munchkin fresh food feeder is an okay product, it's kind of like sucking on food through a cloth. While my daughter was interested in it for a little while, she eventually lost interest. I may introduce it back to her again and see how she reacts.
This product is amazing. I know a few people with little ones that use these and they LOVE them!! Super easy to clean and use. When ordering these, I was under the impression that there were 2 per package...FYI-they're not!! Only one per...
I ordered these for my coffee themed wedding. When they arrived I had to fight off friends because they smelled and tasted so good. I literally had to hide the box to the wedding! They were a big hit on my wedding day and there were none left over that we put on the tables. It was a great tasting product for the lowest price I've seen!
"These are delicious! The chocolate is excellent and the espresso bean was the perfect roast for this purpose. Crunchy and not bitter."<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00067AD4U">Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans 5 Pounds</a>
The product was exactly as advertised and fresh.  Unfortunately, I keep them in a candy dish in the office and they are going fast.  We need to reorder to keep up with "demand"
These chocolate covered espresso beans are wonderful!  The chocolate is very dark and rich and the "bean" inside is a very delightful blend of flavors with just enough caffine to really give it a zing.
Popchips are so good.  I have been following Weight Watchers and lost 50 pounds and am at my goal.  These Popchips are my salty crunchy indulgence.  They taste so  good,
I've purchased dozens of bags of this pancake mix (which is a great product, by the way).  This is the highest price I've seen.  Whole Foods carries this item and it's been on sale there for $9.99 (that's Canadian dollars, too, as I'm in Canada).  It's even cheaper on Baker's Box's own website, and they're the company selling this product through Amazon. For a two-pack they should be charging $20 or less.  What gives?  I thought Amazon was where you could find competitive prices.
The Sugar was sweet, that can not be denied.  As advertised, It didn't melt when baked either.  However, it will not do for your Liege Waffles/Gaufres what the larger pebbles of Belgian pearl will do.  These grains are smaller, think pretzel salt, or seed pearls.
That's exactly what I was looking for to bake some chouquettes (puffs with small sugar pearls on top). Works great, yum!!
This is what I was looking for and was missing it. The taste is exactly the taste as the one made in India so just loved it and remember my days back in India. Definitely recommend it.
I bought this strawberry extract hoping to spruce up a strawberry wine that ended up with less flavor than I'd original expected. (A common problem in some fruit wines.)<br /><br />This is, indeed, good strawberry flavor!  Just add to your sugary concoction (be it a baking good, a dessert or a drink) to either give strawberry flavor (or add to existing flavor), and presto, just about everyone will be licking their lips (and maybe fingers).<br /><br />For those interested, I found the right addition to a liquid volume to be 4 oz of extract per 1 gallon of liquid.
Great stuff and dependable, especially when there are a million brands "out there" to choose from.  I love the stuff.  For really high end desires, I go with the Apollo Olive Oils from California.  But I buy a whole lot more of this stuff and will buy it again and again.
I hadn't tried (or heard of) till recently Weavers not it's my favorite. I am running through the list of types they have looking for a favorite and haven't found one yet, they're all so darned smooth. No bite, no after taste, a little pricy but still worth it. No worse price wise than starbucks or peets. Will keep running through the list here and see what happens. Love them all so far.
Having always been a strict Peet's Coffee lover, I was reticent to switch brands but Weaver's won my heart!! The taste is clean and strong, the ethos is correct (organic, baby) and even the packaging is very zen and appropriate. Be still my caffeinated heart!
Go ahead and drink the other brands served at your neighborhood cafe if you must but make sure you have a stash of Weaver's Peru Organic Whole Bean at home to serve up to your friends and family who deserve the best coffee.  And when you go back to that corner cafe where people drink average coffee because they don't know better, take along a travel mug filled with Weaver's coffee from home and enjoy a real Cup of Joe.  Er, Weaver's.
A very bitter tasting coffee even when enhanced with cream and/or honey. Definately not my cup of coffee. Oh, did i say it was bitter?
Im learning that Latin American and South American coffees have this distinct "coffee" caramelish finish.  As a Peets Coffee fanatics we learned that Weavers roaster was the roaster for Peet's and we are hooked !  I already reviewd the French and Organic blend, but I must say this coffee here is a perfect afternoon drink.<br />Met the weavers team at the Warner Brothers party and they gave me a half a pound of french roast.  Since them we are fans.<br />You wont be dissapointed !
I like eating these whenever I need an energy boost.<br />It has everything that I am searching for in a, "To Go Snack".<br />Fiber plus Chocolate is never a bad thing!!!
These are my favorite bars ever. The combo of raisons and dark choc is wonderful! Very filling! These are hard to find in the stores. I'm thankful for subsrcibe and save!
My fiance loves these dark chocolate and nut granola bars and all the grocery stores around us don't carry them anymore!  Once again, Amazon came through and he couldn't be happier.
I was buying Quaker Oats granola bars but these Nature Valley chewy bars are better tasting, they make a great snack when I'm on the go. Chocolate, peanuts and raisins...it doesn't get any better.
Hard to get husband to eat breakfast before school.  He takes two bars now and is very happy to do so.  It is often hard to find flavor in local grocery stores.  So again, Amazon.com came through with a reasonable price.  Now, I came keep the husband's breakfast ready as he runs out the door in the mornings.  I often like to have a bar in the evening as a night snack.
"Nantucket Blend coffee is one of my favorites.  I was suprised that it was a single box.  every time I ordered before it was a 2 pack.  My fault for not reading closer.  I will not order any more at this price for 1 (24 count)
Green Mountain "Nantucket Blend" K-Cups make a very good cup of coffee in my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AQPMHA">Keurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System</a>. This is a very smooth tasting brew that my wife prefers over the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZIK">Coffee People, Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] I generally drink in the morning.<br /><br />These are good on both "Small" and "Large" cup settings as well.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
When we received our Keurig Elite for Christmas, we were so excited to break open the sample pack of pods to try out different blends and flavors. Of the 12 pods we had in the box, four were Green Mountain Coffee brand. I'd never tried anything from this company before, but from what I had researched online, they have the largest range of Keurig pods and have even bought out competitors to produce coffee under their brand names as well.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I was immediately disappointed by the quality of the coffee. We tried their Dark Magic, Decaf and Breakfast Blend and all were underwhelming, to say the least. I was almost completely set on writing off Green Mountain altogther.<br /><br />We had one GM pod left and being of the mindset of waste-not-want-not, I figured I'd give it one last go around before forgetting about them completely. And I'm glad I did.<br /><br />The Nantucket Blend is a perfectly pleasing cup of coffee. It is nice and flavorful without being thick and pungent (unlike some of the other GM blends we tried). I added some flavored creamer to it and it almost measures up to our go-to Caribou Blend pods. Almost. All in all, this is a very standard cup of coffee which, while it isn't anything new or exciting, is very pleasing and definitely one of the better Keurig options we've been able to test out. When we run out of all the pods we've accumulated, I'll probably pick up a box of these as well.<br /><br />Now that I know Green Mountain isn't completely disappointing I'll definitely be open to trying a few more of their coffees (with our promotion for getting the bewer we ordered <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004I3Y4IE">Green Mountain Coffee Golden French Toast,  K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a> to try as well) and see how it goes from there.<br /><br />If you're looking for a go-to choice, this is your cup!
Green Mountain is my favorite brand. Nantucket is my favorite coffee from Green Mountain. Very smooth flavor. Not too strong and not too weak.
I was looking for a replacement for Timothy's Kona Blend which is no longer carried on Amazon.  This coffee from Green Mountain is very nice, but not strong enough for me.  If you like milder coffees, then this one is for you.
One of Green Mountains best blends of coffee in my opinion,love it for your everyday blend, perfect stregnth, excellent blend!
This is just Fantastic Chicken Noodle soup, the best I have ever eaten, with large hearty chunks of chicken,and vegetables and nice large noodles. This soup is just so full bodied, and is seasoned just right.  I am so glad Amazon carries this product.  I just can't find it here in Vermont.
I have used this oil for several years and it is the best for eating with bread or cooking,  I love the regular, I use it on everything. You won't be sorry you tired it, great for dipping bread and cooking omelet, and green beans.
Oh my gosh, is this good!  Like most people, I've been eating ketchup my whole life and never really thought anything about it.  Then Hubby brought a jar of this home.  The tomato flavor is amazing.  I will never buy store ketchup every again.
Sir Kensington's did a great job of updating the classic ketchup with this wonderful product. The refreshed taste of this Ketchup is a great update, and now leaves me disappointed when I'm given Heinz while out at a restaurant.<br /><br />For you Heinz die hard fans out there, this is not the ketchup for you. But for those of you who wish you always knew what ketchup could be without the chemical aftertaste found in Heinz, be sure to give this Ketchup a try.<br /><br />Don't forget the spiced variety. Purchasing the pack with both the classic and spiced variety for your first Sir Kensington experience is definitely the way to go.
This is ridiculous.  The best gourmet ketchup I have ever tasted.  It is pricey, but wow..love this stuff.  It would make a great gift for someone who is hard to buy for but loves their ketchup.  Yummy!
The tomatoes are the star of the classic flavor.  It is clean and really fresh!  Perfect on an avocado chicken sandwich.<br /><br />The spicy flavor is more complex and is the best ketchup I have ever tried.  It is so good I have now used it on foods that would make me seem crazy!
The spicy version of this ketchup isn't bad, but it is too expensive.  The regular version is sweet as dessert.  Horrible.  Annie's Organic has a much better flavor and costs a lot less.  Even Heinz organic is a better deal.  I gave it three stars instead of two because it is in glass, not plastic.
These condiments are overpriced and terrible. The classic is disgustingly sweet. The spiced tastes like a bad spicy marinara sauce from a chain restaurant.
I have been using porcini mushrooms in my cooking for twenty plus years. The Roland extra fancy porcinis that I purchased from you are the best that I have ever used, including the mushrooms that I bought in Italy and transported back to the USA.
I was pretty pleased with these mushrooms. They were mostly large pieces, re-hydrated well and had good flavor. I'd estimate about 25% of the contents were broken into medium to small pieces, most likely due to the shaking about in transit. Not a problem since I sometimes break the large pieces into smaller ones for some recipes. There was a small amount (perhaps an ounce or so) of very small/minced-size/dust-like pieces. Still useful to add into gravies and the like. Nothing gets wasted!<br /><br />The label says it is a product of China and Italy. Nothing was specified as to the proportion from each country.<br /><br />I'm quite fond of dried mushrooms. While they may lack the texture you can get only when using fresh ones, the convenience of always having them on hand is a big plus. Additionally, I find the broth used to re-hydrate them adds a wonderful flavor to soups and stews. To save time and add flavor, I sometimes add the dried mushrooms directly into the soup or stew without re-hydrating them. Really helps meld all the flavors together. I also am fond of adding some to the cooking water when boiling pasta. The pasta picks up a wonderful earthy flavor when it cooks in the mushroom-infused water.<br /><br />This was the first time I used the Roland brand (got it on a price dip from the Amazon Warehouse), and would certainly buy them again. Highly recommend.
If you are a peanut lover, these are for you. Much larger than cocktail peanuts. Six people on my Christmas gift list ask for these every year!!
The cashews were nice and big, with the vast majority being whole.  There were a number of small pieces at the bottom of the bag, but that's pretty expected with so many cashews.  They made an absolutely excellent cashew brittle.<br /><br />My order took just over a week to arrive, which was pretty decent considering it was shipped across the country.  They came double bagged in clear plastic bags, and in two 5 lb portions.  This was highly convenient since I could just throw one of the bags into the freezer until I was ready to work with it.<br /><br />Great value for the price.
Although there were several "shriveled" ones, they taste just fine.  I mostly use them to make vegan sauces and other recipes that call for running them through a food processor so they don't have to look perfect anyways.  For the price, they are a great deal (about half of what I find them for in the store)
I ordered these after a fair bit of searching online - even ordering the smaller 1-3oz bags. I will admit, I was a bit sceptical when I ordered this since it was not cheap and had no idea how good (or bad) the cashews would be...<br /><br />The order came in pretty fast - like 3 days. The cashews were fresh and whole - with like 10 broken pieces. They were in 2 5lb bags sealed with clear tape.. first I found it odd but then it turned out to be a good deal; considering the second pack stayed fresh till I opened them. The trick is to actually keep them in an air-tight box so that they stay fresh longer.<br /><br />The only negative I can think of is that the price went up abt $5.00 for the 10lb since I bought them.
These nuts arrived fresh and are very tasty.  They are not broken or dirty looking like cashews sometimes can.
I bought these for my boyfriend who really likes honey roasted pecans in salads that I have at a couple of restaurants. Plus, he likes nuts, pecans, almonds peanuts. He loved these. I actually ordered 3 cans instead of the gift tin, so he could take one to work, or his place, and stay fresh longer. Although I don't think freshness will be an issue, they won't last long......lol
My cat will go for a day, probably longer, haven't tryed it, but he'll walk right by this stuff every time, even when I know he's hungery. ABSOLUTELY NO INTEREST. I swear he'd rather die of starvation then even take a wiff of it!!
Got this free with another order I placed.  I couldn't believe how much the cats loved it. I will buy again for sure.
This is a great ham soup base.  I have used it in Ham and beans and seasoned greenbeans.  Great flavor
I haven't used the ham base. It is loaded with MSG. I did not realize this when I ordered it and can not return it because it is a food item
Before I discover this mix on Amazon I always bought it in Whole Food Store.<br />I like this mix and when I am doing the pancakes they came very delicious and fluffy.<br />Just one small secret: Try to add the Seltzer water instead of regular one.
I appreciate the fact that I can buy this product online and have free shipping. This is a great all around mix that is very good with a wonderful texture. Thanks again amazon.
Arrowhead Mills Buttermilk Pancake mix is my favorite mix.  It tastes great, cooks up light and fluffy and is super easy to make.  Although it can be made using water, I think it's better made with milk.  I love it with pure organic maple syrup.
The pancakes taste great without any recipe adjustments for my son's egg allergy.  It's also great for camping or any time you'd like to be able to make pancakes without having fresh eggs available.
HEY! These are GREAT Waffles and Pancakes! We have to add 50% more mix, tho, as the recipies on the bag are VERY thin. But we have a lot of fun with this Arrowhead Mills Buttermilk Pancake & Waffle Mix! We serve them "as is" with fried eggs and REAL maple syrup, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002483TSQ">Butternut Mountain Farm Vermont Pure Maple Syrup, Grade A Dark Amber, 1 Pint Jug</a>, or with warm strawberry jam and whipped cream, or Cool Whip, or add brown sugar to the mix to change the flavor and make a crispy waffle, or add 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup malted milk powder <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ4HVC">Carnation Malted Milk, Original, 13-Ounce Jars (Pack of 3)</a>, for awesome gourmet pancakes and waffles like they serve at the Hilton! Its handy to have extra bags on hand, too, and you cant beat the Subscribe and save price. This mix is 70% ORGANIC, too!
We are glad we found this mix as we make pancakes without eggs for my son who has an allergy.<br />They taste fine for our family- we like them many ways!
I love the flour however Amazon sent it with a book which broke a bag and made a mess. Customer sevice took care of the problem however it was a foolish way to ship the product.
This mix is very poorly packaged and breaks open easily during shipping. Nearly a full bag of my order was spilled in the shipping box. 3 bags out of 4 had come unsealed at the top. There were no tears in the packages.
Just awful!  I thought food was supposed to taste good!  I had to eat ice cream afterwards to get the taste out of my mouth, it's that bad.
Perhaps the worst bottle of wine I've ever had. I'm not even sure I would cook with this. It is thin, no body, and a transparent color not characteristic of a good pinot.  The taste is just bitter - not the complexity that I expect from a pinot noir of any price. Just not what I'm looking for even in a low to mid price pinot noir. Maybe my bottle wasn't sealed well and went to vinegar - other reviews for this wine are favorable.
A good tasting light chip that has some value in nutrition.  Everyone get the munchies....is this is a good alternative to eating potato chips!
This is a wonderful warm flavored tea, especially now in colder weather.<br />This tea has a sweet,soothing chamomile fragrance. It is subtle and sweet.It's one of the better chamomile teas.<br />If you find it hard to sleep at times, a cup of this sweet chamomile tea may help.<br />If you really like sweet taste try Bigelow Chamomile Mango Herbal Tea.<br />I highly recommend both.
This is one of the best mint chocolate syrup I've ever had so far.  The others pale in flavor by comparison.  There are only seven ingredients in this sauce, including organic natural mint flavor.  In the past I used ice cream heavy with other flavors like butterscotch, chocolate chips, Oreo cookies, caramel et al, because the mint flavor of other mint chocolate sauces was too pale.  Now I buy plain vanilla or chocolate ice cream and the minty flavor of the Santa Cruz Organic Mint Chocolate syrup really stands out but doesn't overpower the flavor of the ice cream. There are only 110 calories.  And because the mint flavor is very apparent to my taste, I use it sparingly, so this 15.5 oz container last a bit longer than the other syrups I used.
This is a simple product and it is simply good.  There are no extra ingredients that are hard to pronounce and have you scouring the internet finding out what they are.  It is a bit thinner consistency than the usual syrup, so use caution the first time you go to squeeze some out.  This will be great for people who like mint, it has a much stronger mint flavor than chocolate.  I use it in my coffee with a bit of half and half, tastes great.  Sometimes simple is better.
A grande item !  Delicious fish with the ultimate flavor, best  ever in a can for all purposes !  I sent a case to my Mother recently diagnosed with Diabetes, and she loves it as a main entree for cooking patties !
I ordered this product at the same time as the Kirkland Signature salmon.  The Raincoast Trading Co. salmon is very tasty, equally as good quality salmon as the Kirkland.  However, the Raincoast arrived in perfect condition, the Kirkland cans were dented badly.  I recommend this product to anyone who likes boneless skinless canned salmon.
This tea tastes almost as good as the tea you would get at an Indian restaurant. It's much better than getting a teabag and making it the English way, with a lot of water and a bit of milk. This is very creamy and tasty. My only criticism is that there aren't enough sachets in the box. Only 10. Since the directions say that you use one sachet for 100ml of water (approximately half a cup), it's not enough for a good cup of tea, so I use two. That means that one box is only good enough for five cups of tea. But it's a delicious after-dinner drink! I would buy this again if there were more sachets in a box.
i love this product cant find it locally. Sometimes little out of the way stores have it.But i also love the chicken,pork chop bags.Every store i go in i look for them the lastplace i found it was at a meat market.
This is the best way to cook a roast.  Our local grocery went out of buisness and so I could not find this product till I looked here.  Please continue to keep this product available!
It's always a pleasure to find French's products on the web.  All of the markets in my area have made a bargain to carry nothing but McCormacks bland and tasteless seasonings.<br /><br />This is the most flavorful cooking bag mix you will ever find.
If you like Oreo's or the Oreo cakester, then you've got to try the Double Stuff cakesters!!! These are the best!! Side note: shipping was very slow, but maybe your chances will be better.
I was surprised about how good this was my family and friends laughed when I told them I bought this. But out of the can ready mix with a little salt, pepper, spinach, and some cheese and it's a great easy meal!
The thing about Marmite is that those who don't like it hate it, and those who love it can't live without it.  It's very much "an English thing" and the language has even adopted the trade name as a metaphor (as in "Victoria Beckham is Marmite" meaning that those who don't like her...etc.).  Amazon has done the world a favor by making this weird and wonderful stuff available at an affordable price.  Last time I looked, it was $25 a 500g jar in British stores in L.A.County, or about 4x what it costs in England.  The Amazon supplier was quick and efficient, and I now have enough Marmite to last me to the end of the year (or would have, if I didn't decide to send one of the two jars to my son in Japan!).  Good job, Amazon!
A vile, miserable pancake. I put these in front of my toddler one morning and she actually cried. I don't know if it was their flat and anemic appearance or their salty bitter taste. Only the whole wheat flour is organic in this mix. The buttermilk, baking soda (SLS) and sea salt are not. I am going back to Nature's Path Buttermilk pancake mix. This one went straight into the garbage.
Whats there to say about a fantastic chocolate chip cookie! The only thing that could be improved is if they offered a bushel box of these so you would not run out so fast. Hope these don't go the way of the dinosaur!
These arrived on time and packaged in green plastic wrap.  The cookies were as fresh as the boxes found in the local grocery store.<br /><br />I have no complaints but I also now have no more cookies. We ate them all!
I was not expecting to like these cookies as much as I do. I like chocolate chip cookies well enough, but I really prefer a soft cookie to crisp ones. I have to say these Famous Amos cookies have pertty much turned me around. The cookies are rich and have that depth of flavor that comes from quality ingredients. The chips are real chocolate and melt redilly in your mouth creating a moist experience while chewing. These are truly great cookies.
They aren't fattening and they're good for you, right? That's what I heard, at least, from an admittedly unreliable person.
Great if you are cutting back on fat, they do resemble regular chips but are nothing like them. Extremely dry and hard.
I have never met a Kettle brand chip I did not like. These chips have a great loaded potato flavor, which are flavorful. I like the sweet onion chips better, but these are also at the top of the list for great-tasting potato chips. Kettle chips are great chips f/the money!
After buying bags one at a time (at a hefty markup) at nearby stores, I decided to try bulk ordering some snack foods on Amazon. I was very pleased with the price and the products.<br /><br />These jalapeno kettle chips are not overly spicy; they have a slow-building spice that starts very subtly a grows if you eat the whole bag, which I'm embarrassed to say I did quite a few times.<br /><br />The chips arrived well-packed and fresh. They had nearly a year of time before they expired, which is pretty impressive for chips.<br /><br />Most importantly, the price-per-bag was much, MUCH better than any local store could do, although I live near an expensive city, so that may play a role in the price difference.<br /><br />I wouldn't hesitate to order another box of these once I run out.
I buy mostly for vending, so the size of the bag is important. Kettle's 1 oz bag is a good size although it seems a bit less than full. Salt & Vinegar flavor is satisfying, about an 8 out of 10.
Glad to find these in a one ounce size but the bag seems a bit less than full. It's hard to find single serving chip bags that vend well. Sometimes they are too wide. or too plump with air. Bag size is good. BBQ flavor is about an 8 out of 10.
one of the best chips that you can buy...and i've tried all the kettle varieties, and many others.  There's only a slight taste of jalapeno, and they are delicious. Perfect with a sandwich or alone.<br />If you like being addicted, these are the chip for you. ...See you at addicts anonymous...
The title says it all. Great flavor, hint of spice, excellent crunch. We eat Kettle chips by the truck load at my house, we like all the flavors but this one far and away is our favorite, never enough bags to get us to our next shipment. I just wish Amazon could get the larger bags on subscribe and save! If you buy these make sure you have enough for everyone otherwise you may not get enough for yourself!!!
WOW!  I have eaten quite a few potato chips in my day. Kettle chips are the BEST non-baked chips I have eaten. I decided to try the sweet onion chips, since I've never had them. I now have a FAVORITE!! If you like onions, this is a MUST buy! I will definitely reorder these, as I mentioned above, they are the BEST I have ever eaten! The flavor is GREAT.
I cannot say how much I love Kettle brand potato chips. Kettle brand has a large variety of unique flavors, and the quality of the chips themselves blows all other potato chips out of the water. The ingredients list is printed on each bag and the only thing really bad for it is the oil they are frying the chips in. I love that these aren't filled with nasty chemicals. I ordered the cheddar and sour cream krinkle cut ones which are great but I was torn between the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048IFUSC">Kettle Brand Potato Chips Fully Loaded Baked Potato, 2-Ounce (Pack of 24)</a> and the Jalapeno flavor. While I know the jalapeno flavor is good but this is way better. They include liquid smoke instead of actual bacon which I'm fine with since I've a vegetarian. I ordered this to give to guests coming from out of town for my wedding this spring and I can't guarantee how many I will have left. My fiance and I love these. The packaging is perfect for anyone who is giving these to kids to take for school lunches, or handing out in gift bags, even just for portion control.
Now, I haven't done a side-by-side comparison, but these chips still taste like the real deal. These snack sized bags do as well as the regular brand at the grocery store I work for. Portion control AND reduced fat? Yes, please!  With the Subscribe & Save these are much cheaper than at the grocery store.
I love Kettle Brand Chips!<br />I've been in love with the Honey Dijon for years and decided to try out their other flavors.<br /><br />Sea Salt & Vinegar Chips are TANGY, SOUR, and make my lips pucker when I eat too many at a time.  I got 12 big bags for a steal from amazon ($11 WHAT?!?).<br /><br />Personally, the flavor is too much for me, but my mom & aunt LOVE them and they hate potato chips.
These chips are thick and crunchy.  I absolutely love them.  The taste is perfect.  I like to buy these smaller bags because I cant trust myself with a large bag of these because they taste no good.
I enjoy these chips. I got these instead of my usual jalapeno ones from the same company for a bit of flavor change. I think those are better but only slightly, like the jalapenos there is a great amount of flavor without being too overpowering. The small bag size prevents you from overeating as with a larger bag.
I love these chips, I buy the 24 pack once a month. The bags are just the right size for snacking and prevent me from eating way too much with the larger bags. The jalapeno spice is subtle enough not to be overpowering but still gives you a great amount of flavor.
These are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips I've had.  I could still do with more vinegar flavor, but I think this is as close as I'm going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself.<br /><br />I did a side by side with the Cape Cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful.  Additionally, as other reviewers have said, they have quite a good bit of potassium in them (somewhere in the neighbor of 15% RDA per serving).
I have been ordering the sea salt chips for about a year.I love them,but my daughter picked some of these up at our local grocery store and now they are my new favorite.Will be ordering them.
These are my favorite gluten-free dairy-free flavored chips.  Many other salt and vinegar chips contain dairy so it's nice to find ones that I can eat.  The vinegar flavor is really intense and good.
These Kettle Brand potato chips in the Spicy Thai flavor really do taste like food I have eaten at a Thai restaurant. The ingredients listed include garlic powder, onion powder, parsley, jalapeno, and "spices." I'm not sure what other spices there are, but it sure tastes like lemongrass to me...yum. These chips are thick cut and very crunch. They come in a seriously heavy-duty bag. I tried to open it like I do regular chip bags by pulling the two sides apart; no way! The bag is so thick I wondered if it was plastic. I started looking for the scissors and decided that any company that put their chips in a bag this nice must have provided a way to open it. Sure enough, there is a small slit on the top and the simple directions "tear here." So easy. Why didn't I think of that.
Honey Dijon flavor: okay flavor, but both my girlfriend and I thought they left a bad aftertaste. The aftertaste is sort of like old cheese (presumably some folks like this... I'm not a fancy cheese eater), and it lingers for at least an hour. I'd give this flavor a rating of 2 stars out of 5.<br /><br />We have also tried the NY Cheddar flavor (4 stars), which we both liked better, and they didn't leave any long-lingering or bad aftertaste.<br /><br />I'd give the consistency of the chips 4 stars. The chips are crunchy, but also greasy enough that I keep a napkin near or wash my hands after eating Kettle Chips.
For me, Kettle is the best brand on the market. They really know how to turn the humble potato into something fit for the gods! I didn't think anything could top their salt and pepper chips, but these are my new favorite. The flavors are pure and real. They go great with just about everything and are highly addictive! I hope they come out with a low fat version; their low fat chips are excellent but they need more flavors.
Salt and vinegar chips are definitely my favorite type of any potato chip. These ones made by Kettle were very tasty and I enjoyed them thoroughly. I just wish there was a more healthy option with the same great taste.
What I like about them:<br />1) Very thick chips.<br />2) No trans fat and all natural, according to the info on the bag.<br />3) Flavor, but that's a subjective thing.<br />4) 2oz bags, which keep you from eating too much at one time. Just set a limit of 1 bag.<br /><br />Cons:<br />As another reviewer said, there's a lot of oil in them chips. What I do is place a paper napkin on a plate and pour the chips on them. Wait a few mins before eating and the napkin will soak some of the oil off. It seems gross that there is so much oil on the chip that a napkin will soak it off, but it's true! And at least this way, you'll get rid of some of the oil.
These are so tangy it prevents me from eating too many, a handful or two does the trick. Very crisp and savory.
I usually love Kettle Chips, and love salt & vinegar, but these chips were way too vinegary for me! They do have the typical kettle chip crunch, but are too aggressively flavored for my taste.
I have always been a fan of Kettle chips.  When you open a bag of Kettle chips you know you are going to get quality.  These chips are no exception and live up to the name printed on the package.<br /><br />The New York Cheddar chips  have a very subtle flavor to them.  You can taste the cheddar in them; but it doesn't smack you in the face like supermarket brand chips might.  The taste lingers as well which is a definite plus!<br /><br />Another aspect about these Kettle chips is the fact every chip is nice and crisp, that crunch in your mouth.  On top of that there are no burnt chips in any of the bags I have had since the purchase.  The only negative I might have is that the flavoring of the chips is uneven.  Some chips might pack a nice cheddar punch while another might taste rather plain.  This isn't a big flaw as it happens when getting seasoned and doesn't ruin the bag at all.<br /><br />Overall the quality of the chips is fantastic.  The flavor is great and you wont' be disappointed , especially if you are a cheddar lover!
Tried many varieties of BBQ chips and hands down these are the BEST on the market! These R not too salty or greasy. Great crispy crunch. Plenty of good BBQ flavor with a hint of sweetness that all other brands fall short of. Every bag (after bag) is just as mouth wateringly delicious as the 1st!!
Kettle chis are the best ever! These used to be my favorite flavor until I tried their Salt and Pepper kind but I'm sure this is just a personal preference.<br /><br />Crunchy, real potato chips!
These chips have the right amount of crunch and I enjoy the taste. Chips are consistent and have a fairly even distribution of seasoning. I like the 2-oz size bags, just the right amount of chips.
I subscribed to these - one case every three months. That comes out to about $5 a month for the convenience of having my favorite chips handy whenever I want. Because it seems Frito-Lay has managed to crowd out every other chip vendor from pretty much all my local stores this is the best way to ensure a steady supply of the items I want rather than the items Frito-Lay wants me to have. The two ounce bags are larger than you might be used to buying at the Subway (for example) which I find works very well - they're large enough to be a good snack on their own, or you can even share a single bag over lunch. The size is perfect for ensuring these fantastically crunchy chips are always fresh - no chip clip needed!<br /><br />The only problem? I subscribed to four cases a year and having these yummy chips always in the pantry makes it really easy to increase ones Kettle chip consumption. Definitely have to hide the case from the kids!
OK,I did read the reviews which ranged from splendid to awful. I took the plunge as I do like salty, and tangy flavors. No, I had never had these before I took the leap and ordered a case at a super price. They arrived quickly and in great shape with the sell by date  FEB 2011. Umm, I'm in the middle on these chips, they are OK but not something I can't live without. I love the crunch, the color, NO TRANS FAT. They are a little too vinegary for my taste, which is a lot coming from a kid that grew up eating pickled hard-boiled eggs and pickled pigs feet.<br /><br />I haven't tried them with a deli sandwich and a cold mug of beer which might improve the experience :)
This was the best deal ever. The delivery was fast, the chips are delicious and very fresh.  Love it:)
My husband and I LOVE these chips! Personally I think the flavor is perfect. Try them for yourself!
The barbeque flavor of these chips is really perfect! Just spicy enough, a hint of sweetness, just a little smokey. The chips themselves are extra crunchy and just thick enough to be substantial, but not hard. This makes for a wonderful snack or a great accompaniment for burgers, hot dogs or brats, chicken or just about any casual entree.
I was hesitant to buy this at my local grocery store, Lunds, but they were on sale, so I bought a bag.  I've found that going beyond the simply-flavored chips, like cheddar or vinegar, usually results in disappointment.  Tried the Thai or asian-inspired chips by Target, Archer Farms, and they were awful.  These Kettle Spicy Thai chips are just awesome...so much so, that I'm considering buying them in bulk from Amazon.  The taste is complicated and stimulates different parts of the palate.  The taste sensations prevalent in real Thai food is baked into this chip...sweet, salty, spicy.  Was sour in there too?  I don't know, but this is a well-made well-balanced chip that is addicting.
As a professional potato chip muncher, I see these as thee very BEST on the market. Rich taste and flavor!! Almost impossible not to finish the entire bag.The true meaning of decadence!
These are hands-down the absolute best Salt & Vinegar chips you can buy.  They have a great, strong flavor that has left me addicted.  These are certainly my favorite chips.  I highly recommend trying them!
Oh, I love these chips! And they're so hard to find where I am, and when I do find them, they're usually $1-2 more per bag for less. Great that these are so cheap here at Amazon.
I LOVE these chips!  It is a little weird to review potato chips.  But these chips are great. The crunch is just right, plus they have just the right amount of salt. Not to salty not too bland. They are a little oily but that's ok. The best thing is the 2 oz package. When I buy a larger bag it's harder to resist eating them all.  This 2 oz package allows for a little "portion control". Be sure to use your scissors to open, 'cause these chips are packaged for freshness and don't open easily. Enjoy!
In the past couple years I have eaten and reviewed several kinds and styles of chips,  from the best I've ever had to big disappointments.  If you have eaten the LantChips varieties, there is no way that they are not the best as a group; the Kettle chips are rightly salted and I was so irritated by some Pringles products.  Kettle has good flavor but the small size and overwhelming oiliness takes away from the flavors.  All in all, its good to have choice--Amazon does not stock the LantChips all the time so there are some days that there is no choice.
these chips are good, and bad, and create moral dilemmas constantly. If wou are strong at will, or having a large BBQ go for it, but as for me, i was in the habit of bringing a new bag to work every three days, had to put in a lot of time on the treadmill to make up for it. BEWARE
Kettle Chips flavors can be hit or miss.  Some of their flavors are terrible.  But this is very simple and delicious.  Probably one of their best flavors.<br /><br />Pros: Thick, crunchy potato chips with light salt that doesn't compromise on taste, eco-friendly business that isn't just giving us lip service<br /><br />Cons: The occasional burnt chip and the bag is a pain to open.  They have a tab that you can pull down but most of the time I end up tearing down the entire side of the bag.  Use scissors instead.
We bought these chips at a little sandwich shop in Sonoma while we were on vacation. I wasn't sure what to expect by the package, and at first bite I didn't know what to think...and then all of the flavors hit!<br />Yum! They are a bit spicy, but nothing overpowering. Just lots of crunchy, sweet, spicy goodness. They aren't sold everywhere though, I'm still trying to find them somewhere close to where I live.
I have to admit that those chips are so good that they are highly addictive. I can't stop eating them!!! It's crunchy and seasoned at the right amount of flavor and salt. Just perfect!!! Believe me, some chips are so salty, I can't finish a small bag. But this one... I just keep on eating!
These are some of the best chips that I have ever had... They sure beat anything else out there and are even cooked in a way that is better for you than most other name brands. They are tangy and crisp and satisfy any craving at the time! These will be the only chips that I buy from now on and I thank amazon for letting me buy them online in bulk and save some money at the same time!
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
These Honey Dijon chips bring a terrific balance of salty, tangy, sweet and crunchy. Other brands I've tried use too much mustard flavor, which overpowers the Honey Dijon pairing.<br /><br />These chips make a great side dish on a BBQ plate with baked beans, coleslaw or potato salad and grilled meat. Naturally, they also go down great with beer.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend these other Kettle Chips flavors: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBUA">Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
These chips remind me of a long obsolete brand of chips we could get in middle school. They are by far the tastiest chips I've had and it's impossible to walk past the aisle without picking up the trademark blue bag and then putting the bag clip on the bag!
These are by far my favorite chips, they are extremely crunchy (similar to other Kettle style chips), but it's the extreme Vinegar flavor that differentiates these from lesser fried potato snacks.  I've tried several other brands of Salt and Vinegar and none of them come close.
They are good but need more cheese and wish they were krinkle cut. I much prefer the salt & pepper just for the krinkle cut - they have a better texture. All around this brand is much better than Frito-Lay and a good price on Amazon when you get free shipping. These are similar to Tim's or Zack's chips in that they are very crispy.<br /><br />On a side note, these are the hardest bags to open by hand. I have to use a knife or scissors everytime.
It took a while to get used to these chips but they are pretty good and more healthy for you. They sure were eaten all up by my family and friends.
These are delicious.  The 2 oz bags are a bit big for school lunches, definitely more than a serving.
I recently tried this flavor/brand and was surprised at how delicious these chips are.  The best thing was that there were a lot of "brown" chips in the bsg (my favorite), so I bought some more through amazon and shared with family and friends.  I am a little disappointed that there are not, so far, very many brown chips in these bags, but the flavor is still very good.  I like them better than the yogurt and green onion flavor because they do not seem to be as salty, and the onion flavor is better.  If you haven't eaten Kettle chips before, I recommend that you try a bag before buying bulk.  They are thicker and crunchier than Lays but just as fresh out of the bag.
We are always pleased with Amazon's packaging. Chips are never crushed or broken, always fresh. We really liked this brand/flavor of chips. Very tasty!
These chips are some of the best I've tasted. They are not filled with chemicals. You taste the tangy vinegar as well as the potato. Not greasy. Perfectly crispy. If you don't like salt and vinegar tanginess, don't even bother to try. These definitely have zip. I love them. My children and their friends love them. Even my 4 year old loves them!
These chips were a great deal.  Kettle was having a special deal for the case of chips.  They are hard to find in Vegas and are my favorite flavor. Shipping was very fast, sooner than expected.
fantastic!you can not beat this taste and you can not resist to it only one if you are spice lover
Eat at your own risk.  Once I would open a bag I could not stop.  Good and salty.
I don't eat many chips, but these I love. Great buy and arrived quick and packed great. Expiration date is a ways away, so I have awhile to enjoy them Great natural potato flavor. I love brown russet, hardy flavor and these fit that description to a tee.
I simply fell in love with these chips and refused to share them with my friends.  :))  My experience with a lot of cheese-favored chips has been too salty and a little over the greasy side.  But these NY Cheddar from Kettle really changed my mind.  Thanks to Amazon for great discounts and I don't have to buy them from the store anymore.
Bought this box of chips as a Father's Day gift because Dad loves them.  They are very yummy and more substantial than regular chips.
These chips are quite tasty and the price is right.  Packaged very well, would buy again.
I like Kettle chips but was really disappointed with this order because they were over cooked.  I bought a bigger sized bag from Costco and the chips were all cooked perfectly. So I don't know why these were different.<br />Will never buy these chips from here again.
For some reason Amazon would not ship these to Alaska!..so I sent them to my grandchildren who got to enjoy them.  They are very good chips! Amazon should rethink the shipping to Alaska thing.  I would order groceries online.
My husband likes these a lot. They are a bit different to get used to as they are less greasy and salty in taste than the usual chips you buy. They are more browner than I would like to see and the chips are pretty sturdy in texture. Not bad, though. Just takes getting used to eating chips better for your health. They do have about 1/2 the calories in fat, however.
Just got this order and it is ok. A bit light on the cheddar flavoring and herb taste eludes me, if it is there.
I really love Kettle brand chips, but these are rather disappointing. There is very little sour cream or onion flavor.
I took one and said good Russet potato chip but I found that the flavoring was subtle for my taste, a bit oily and overcooked. It may be because I am use to eating their great tasting <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai, 2-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24)</a>. Or perhaps because all the chips in the bags I received were overcooked and that overpowered the seasoning. It is obvious the chips are flavored, but if I did not read the bag I would never have thought it had Cheddar flavor. And I love New York Cheddar. The flavoring included Parmesan, Cheddar, Blue Cheese, garlic and other spices. A good chip even when overcooked, but I do not plan to buy them again.
I took one and said good Russet potato chip but where is the flavoring? Then all of a sudden, within seconds, it spread to my senses and my taste buds were happy. As close to Thai food as a potato chip can get.  These chips are spicy enough to satisfy that craving for spice and a hint of sweetness that makes them habit forming. The flavoring included garlic, ginger, jalapeno, cilantro and other spices, and it just felt great to eat these. I will buy these again. These were a treat.
I agree with the other review, these chips are not for a sore mouth or tender gums. The chips are very hard and the taste is delightful if you enjoy the salt/vinegar combo. Unfortunately, every bag I received in that case was over cooked! They were very dark and only a few golden brown chips in each bag. They definitely need to improve that!
We love Kettle Chips Lightly Salted and don't feel guilty eating them!  We used to buy them at Whole Foods but buying from Amazon has saved us money.  We have purchased at least 3 times and have been happy with the chips and the delivery.
A friend of mine brought these into work with the claim , "these will change your life!"  While my life is fairly unchanged, I cannot get enough of these chips . . . . and I do not even like kettle chips.  For the most part, I find Kettle Chips to be too thick and greasy, but the flavor of these chips is amazing!  The are the type of hot that is refreshing.  If you do not enjoy spicy or hot things . . . try these anyway, they may convert you.
But if you happen to, like me, there is no better sea salt and vinegar chip I've found in this country.
These are the best potato chips I've ever tasted.  It's easy to go through half of a bag without stopping.  The texture/crunchiness is just perfect, as is the salt and vinegar combination.  I don't know how they taste so much better than all of the other chips I've ever had, but they do.  And, judging from the nutrition facts, they seem to be healthier, too.  They're somewhat fibrous and have a good bit of potassium and vitamin c, which could be because they don't skin the potatoes and the chips are a bit thicker than normal.<br /><br />And if you like these, all of the Kettle chips are great.
i rarely eat chips but i saw these and tried them. they are really amazing. i love cheddar too, but the chips are really thin and crunch and delicious flavor. i recommend them.
This is easily the best potato chip that I have ever had.  Look at the ingredients:  Ginger and 3 types of hot pepper.  How can you go wrong?<br /><br />Obviously, not for you if you don't like spicy food. But, if you DO like spicy food, you'll probably love these.  They have that hot-with-a-hint-of-sweetness flavor combo that is prevalent in a lot of Thai food.
Kettle Chips Spicy Thai potato chips have the perfect amount of sweet, savory and spicy-- everything you'd want in a good meal or better yet...a potato chip.  Since these are kettle-cooked, the chips are uniquely shaped and are sometimes a bit over-browned.  They are, however, sliced just perfectly, not too thick, not too thin, so you can actually get a great crunch with each bite without breaking a tooth off.  The flavor is tremendous, although I wouldn't describe it as Thai.  It's more of a vague, sweet and tangy flavor with a kick, and every now and then you get a great big hit of ginger.  If you like any spice at all, these really are not overly spicy, so most people can handle them.  The fact that these chips have absolutely no artificial ingredients or trans fat makes them a fabulous addition to any muncher's snack cupboard.
Okay, I should not eat potato chips, nor should anyone.<br />But these are so spicy, I would find it hard to eat<br />very many. That makes them an indulgence that<br />rescues some people from overindulgence.
I don't write very many reviews but I have to say that Kettle Brand chips are the best I have ever tasted.  Every flavor is dynamite.  If you are feeling iffy about honey dijon, I would recommend cheddar beer, absolutely amazing.  And they're healthy!  (besides a lil fat)  I have eaten a lot of chips in my day and Kettle takes the cake.  Enjoy, and don't eat them too fast.
I bought these for the office and no one can put them down. I'm ordering more today and it has only been 2 weeks. Didn't have to shop for them either, Amazon brought it to my door!
It was a great value and I like the package size but not vinegary enough for me. Won't order this brand again. Great chips otherwise.
Perfect!! They are my favorite because I can season with a variety of spices to exactly suit my tastes without all the salt!
Amazon's suggestion for a 4 star review is "I like it."  That being said, I gave a 5 star review to the Spicy Thai chips.  These chips are perfect for people that enjoy a spicy chip, but whose taste buds don't appreciate the added sweetness and ginger flavor.  The only thing I REALLY dislike about these chips (along with the rest of the flavors) is that the serving size is HALF the bag.  Really?  Who can eat half and save the rest for later???  Not me...
These are a favorite at our home. We like the ones that have Sea Salt. We also like Barbeque  flavored. These are not ruffly chips that have ridges. These are thickly cut plain slice potatoes. They are thick and crunchy and have a great texture in your mouth. They also have a great taste. The sea salt ones, which are a favorite, have just enough salt to have salt but not so much that you feel like you have to drink a gallon of water with your chips.<br /><br />Enjoy.
These are the best unsalted chips around and we have tried many.  They have the best potato flavor.  They came when you said they would.
Great chips, great price.  Odds are that you will have them to yourself.  If you like your fish and chips soaked in malt vinegar, you will love these.  The best salt and vinegar chips I have ever had (and I love this flavor, mind you).  They are spectacular with deli sandwiches or on their own.  Since I have found that S&V is palatable to only the most intelligent of our species I know that my afternoon snack is all mine, unless of course I run into another heavy brained, hearty breathed like mind.  -Summary- If you like the taste of bitter sweet salty vinegar and a crispy chip to boot you wont pucker at the sight of these handily bagged morsels.  It is the first and only time I have committed to a whole case of chips and I will do it again.  Mmmmm... vinegar...
I was really looking forward to trying these chips since I love cheese but I was SUPER DISAPPOINTED! I am a big fan of Kettle Chips but these tasted somewhat stale and almost plain! They are supposed to have a cheddar taste but you cannot taste any of that...it's annoying. I do not recommend this flavor..salt and vinegar and buffalo bleu are my favorite.
These are perhaps the worst chips that have ever gone into my mouth.<br /><br />For my entire life Sour Cream & Onion (and in this case "& Chive") chips were my favorite. Recently Kettle brand Honey Dijon Mustard took that slot. So when I found out they had sour cream & onion I just had to try them.<br /><br />As soon as I opened the bag the chips smelled of powdered milk. And indeed each chip is coated with a powdered sour cream that is just awful. It tastes like rancid milk. Not just sour, but like sour cream that when rancid. The powdery texture is also extremely unappealing. I basically hated these chips. I would not recommend these chips to anyone unless they had a particular affinity for a powdery, chalky texture on a chip, with a rancid (and onion flavor) and I have a hard time believing that person exists.<br /><br />I plan on contacting Kettle and sharing my thoughts with them. Hopefully they'll reassess the seasoning on these otherwise wonderful kettle style chips.
Kettle chips now look, feel and taste like Lays.  These chips used to be my favorite when it was crinkle cut and hefty.  Now, no longer my favorite.
Great price for an excellent chip. At about 80 cents for a 2 ounce bag these are a bargain as well as a very tasty chip. Everyone I've let try these has been impressed and commented on how good they taste. I've yet to find a Kettle chip that disappointed!
I love these chips, which is why I bought them, to stock up for the entire school year. The chips taste great, and packages were all sealed and in good condition when the arrived. The box on the other hand was in tatters, with holes and complely squished... I don't know if that was a result of customs or the voyage, but to receive it was a bit disgruntling given it was falling apart. Luckily, there were no victims within. All the chips are as they should be.
This is the first time I tried Sea Salt & Vinegar chips. Not my taste.  Make sure you like salt & vinegar before ordering. You may be in for a suprise if you have never tried them before.  I'll stick with the salt and black pepper chips.
TOTALLY ORGASMIC.  these chips are the best spicy chip i have ever tasted.  signed up for the subscribe and save option.  the case contained 15(FIFTEEN, FULL SIZED BAGS) OF CHIPS.  the price per unit equals $1.73  per package.  that is not even the cost of plain chips.  if you add the free shipping and the fast delivery, this deal is a steal.  so run like you stole something over to your computer and order the SPICY THAI CHIPS.  p.s.  even if you paid the going price of $30.00, you are still ahead of the curve.  ENJOY
Seriously, now. Tasty, tasty, tasty. Fresh, too!<br /><br />The only problem is that you have a pack of 24 and that can lend itself to wanting to make multiple trips to the cupboard for more helpings! Or, grabbing multiple bags to begin with. Pace yourself! I keep saying.<br /><br />You can't go wrong with these if you're a fan of the salt and vinegar classic flavor.<br /><br />2-ounce bags are about double the size of the kid's bags; about the same size as the ones in the small gas station racks. It's really a good size for an adult.<br /><br />It's a somewhat healthier snack than a typical bag of fried chips, but it has 300 calories per bag. Again, not too bad, but something to think about.<br /><br />Bottom-line: Delicious!
Despite coming in an extremely large box, I found this to be great value. All the bags were preserved with a reasonable expiration date that is months away. I'd definitely recommend.
These were nasty, they were so greasy and too rich for my blood, plus they lacked major flavor, no spicy jalapeno flavor at all.  I was so dissapointed in these chips, I am always hearing great things about these chips but I am telling you, yuck yuck yuck.  Give me pain chips any day.  Maybe there is a better kettle chip brand out there but I am staying clear from these chips. I wish I could give these zero stars if I could.
If you like spicy, then these are for you.  I like spicy, so I enjoyed these.  They're also crunchy, as kettle-cooked chips should be.
These are decent, but if you want a realllly good salt and vinegar chip, try Boulder's Salt and Malt Vinegar chips.  THOSE are awesome.
Being a salt-free product is why I purchased this, but the chips are quite greasy.
These are the best potato chips that money can buy.  There is just enough salt to taste it, but not so much that it masks the lingering potatoey awesomeness after you've wolfed down a bag of these beauties.  Each chip has the perfect thickness - my teeth get excited every time I put one in my mouth!  Everything about these chips is so perfect, it's like they were made by God and delivered by Gabriel himself.  Now that I know Amazon carries these, I don't even have to leave my house to buy them!  I may never eat anything else again!
These things are just too darn cheesy. If you like a lot of flavor, you'll love these. Otherwise, you will overdose on their cheddary goodness.
I first discovered Kettle Chips with sea salt and vinegar while shopping at Trader Joe's with my daughter Mindy.  I couldn't believe how tasty they were; the best chip I had ever eaten.  It was love at first bite, and I've been munching them ever since.<br /><br />Other things in their favor: they're thicker than other chips, so don't crumble as I'm devouring them; they're delightfully crunchy; and the salt-and-vinegar combination is heavenly.  I tried to create an original line to describe this palate-pleasing taste treat, but couldn't beat what the manufacturer said: tongue-puckering tang and crunch.  Isn't that poetic?<br /><br />As for health values, since Kettle Chips are not peeled during preparation, I'm getting more nutrition, such as potassium and vitamin C.  My mother would approve of that, and the fact that they're hand-cooked in small batches.<br /><br />I often enjoy Kettle Chips as an afternoon snack with my favorite soda or iced tea, but they're also delicious with a tuna sandwich or a hot dog for lunch.  Well, actually Kettle Chips go perfect with everything ... except "sweets," of course.<br /><br />My only problem is that they're so delicious I can't stop eating them.  That's the reason I chose these smaller packets; I figured 24 could last me almost a month, if I was a good girl, kept my appetite under control--and hid them from the kids!  For the sake of fewer calories, I try hard and have succeeded so far.  It isn't easy, but ...<br /><br />Have I told you how much I love them?<br /><br />Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008<br />Millennium Babe: The Prophecy
You don't need salt to hide the taste of potato chips. And these chips prove it. The taste of the potato comes through, instead of being masked. OK, so they're still a snack food, but no salt and no trans-fats mean these are about the healthiest potato chips you can get. And if you're on a low-salt diet (like I am), having these available means I can eat chips, and Kettle are just the best.
These potato chips are excellent.There are no trans fats.<br /><br />They taste absolutely delicious.Whenever I am in the mood for potatoe chips, Kettles is the brand I buy.<br /><br />A great product that anyone should enjoy and I highly recommend them!<br /><br />Enjoy!
It feels strange to review chips, but I am compelled because these are my absolute favorite chips. Kettle has lots of flavors but I always go back to these regular lightly salted.<br /><br />They are thicker and sometimes greasy at the bottom of the bag, plus they often looked burned. They are not actually burned. It has something to do with how much sugar is in the potato that makes it dark. I love to open a bag and find some browned chips.<br /><br />Lays and Wise have their place but I've become a chip snob thanks to Kettle.<br /><br />Like Edy's or Breyer's ice cream, some products are worth the money. These are the best of the best.
I have tried a lot of S&V chips and these are the best!  Real sea salt and REAL vinegar!  Mouth-watering flavor & crispiness.  Not for the faint of heart - the flavor is very authentic!  :)
Kettle brand chips are very crunchy.  I would say regular plain old Lays potato chips are at the "soft" end of the "soft/crunchy" spectrum.  Ruffles brand potato chips used to be considered the crunchiest, but Kettle brand chips are far more crunchy.  If you have a tender mouth or bad teeth (dentures) you might want to steer clear of Kettle brand.  Otherwise, you'll love these chips.  The Sea Salt & Vinegar chips are super TANGY.  I enjoy taking swigs of vinegar bottles from time to time.  I am dissapointed with all other Salt & Vinegar chips either because the chips are too soft and/or the vinegar taste whimpy and/or chemically.  Rest assured Kettle Sea Salt & Vinegar has a gourmet flavor.  The vinegar flavor has no chemical flavor and could NEVER be called whimpy!
I once loved these chips and they were the only chips i would buy.  I discovered them when I was in England back in 2000 and quickly became a fan.  About a year ago I picked up a bag that was on sale at my local supermarket.  I was finding it odd that they were on sale so much but took advantage of it.  After opening the bag I found the chips were not even close to the Kettle chips I was used to.  They were all uniform whitish yellow in color, flavor was way off, the lovely extra crisp brown chips were gone completely and I was very disappointed.  So I e-mailed Kettle with the following:  "What Happened? I bought this bag of chips the other day and they have a very different taste; It tastes "cheaper". I don't know how else to put it... I also noticed that the chips seemed to be less cooked as I did not see any of the browner colored chips that have the most flavor. I am hoping that nothing has changed with the ingredients or process used to produce this product. Did I just get a weird batch? I have been buying only Kettle Chips for about 10 years now so I am wondering."  I did receive a reply: "Thanks for letting us know about your experience with your Kettle Brand® Chips. It sounds like you may have received a bag that should not have slipped by our inspections, and we apologize.Our potatoes do vary seasonally which could account for a variation in color-but our chips should still taste great!Thanks for providing us with the "best before" code from the bag.  This really helps when passing on your comments to our staff.<br />We are sending some coupons to replace your purchase with any of our Kettle Brand® flavors or nut butters, believing you will have a great experience with your next purchase! In case you buy this product again, we suggest avoiding the same best before date (if you still have it) in the rare instance another bag from the same case slipped by our inspections at the same time.<br />Thanks again for letting us know about this and expect the coupons to arrive within 3 weeks.  Please let me know if I can be of any more help."  Well the next bag was good.  Since that time I have picked up 3 bags of chips all were like the "bad" bag so I am pretty sure that they have changed there product to reduce cost.  I did some research and found out that Kettle was bought out by a private equity company.  So the same cookie cutter management processes are probably being employed at Kettle.  Acquire company with high quality brand recognition, sell product to mass merchants, lower quality/cost of product to increase margin and finally sell company just before the customer base starts to realize that the brand is no longer a quality brand.  increased profits make the company more valuable on paper so they make a nice profit for the investors. Customer and employees lose out of course as does an unsuspecting buyer of the exploited brand.  Stay away from Kettle chips they are no longer the same...
Someone brought these to a party we had last month and I didn't put them out because the buffet was full and didn't think anyone would like saltless potato chips.  Last week we had some friends over and these were all I had in the pantry so I put them out.  OH MY GOSH THEY ARE SO GOOD!  I was so wrong to think they would be bland; they are full of real potato flavor, wonderfully crisp and very fresh tasting.  I am here on amazon to buy a case, I only want to have these with dips.  Truly delicious!
These Backyard BBQ Kettle Chips were a great deal with the promo code.  It was nice to have a larger size bag.  Some Kettle Chips in the grocery store are only about 5 ounces and we polish them off in one family lunch!  They arrived fresh and were not in crumbles as some other chips from Amazon Grocery have been.  Great flavor and All Natural!
I have tried Herrs, UTZ, wise, pringles, lays etc....but Kettle tasted the best. The quantity of salt used is the optimum which is required.<br /><br />Although they say serving size 1 ounce, you will finish the whole packet in no time. Total calories is 300 for 2 ounce bag. This is slightly on the higher side. But still it is ok, as they have not compromised on the taste.<br /><br />Only issue was that all packets have some burnt chips, which taste bad. Kettle should take care when packing to ensure no burnt chips are there.<br /><br />Thanks to Amazon to get 24 bags for just 12 bucks with free shipping using their coupon.
Chips are not as tangy as I hoped or expected. Poore Brothers is a better choice for the "hard-core" Salt N Vinegar fans.
These bags had a lot of overcooked brown pieces. also felt very greasy. Had to keep wiping my fingers on a napkin.
The first time I tried these, I thought, "WOW!" but I quickly found they were just too darn spicy and tart... Hard to enjoy the potato-chippiness of them when your mouth is under seige.
Got these Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar (15 5oz bags) and was not impressed. Tasted kind of flat. I was eating some out of the bag, when I looked down into the bag and noticed a hole in the bag about the size of a sesame seed. Then I started looking at all the unopened bags and MANY of them had this type same hole. Some bags had multiple holes. One bag had a hole the size of a dime at the bottom of the bag like a rodent had got to it. The box they shipped in had NO holes so they we're packed this way. So much for quality control and who ever let these ship should be fired. Needless to say I'll never be eating anymore Kettle products and expect a full refund from Kettle or Amazon.<br />M. Martin
Chilling in the fridge seems to boost the flavor even more; and using them, rather than corn chips, to make nachos will have your tastebuds singing like Janet Jackson. (But without any of the associated wardrobe risks. (-:) HIGHLY recommended.
When originally produced in England  these we're the best chips I had ever tasted but unfortunately since they were bought out by the US conglomerate they now taste plain nasty. Hard rather than crispy, are much thinner than they used  to be and lacking any  flavour , a real shame.
after opening numerous bags I found that none of the chips had any flavoring on them. completely plain and gross. how does this even happen?
I was getting VERY worried, when I read some of the other reviews here.  Specifically, the "One Star" reviews, to which I always go, to see if the faults these other reviewers find with any merchandise would prevent me from buying it.<br /><br />WOW!  They sure seemed to hate the KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBECUE 9-OUNCE BAGS, (PACK OF 12), that I had bought as 1 ounce bags, liked A LOT, decided to subscribe....and then, for good measure, got 2 orders of the 9 ounce bags.<br /><br />Yes...I love potato chips....especially these KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBECUE FLAVOUR....but others seemed to really HATE them...or at least, hate how they had changed.<br />But then I realized they were talking about OTHER FLAVOURS!  Amazon, in it's deep wisdom, has obviously seen fit to put ALL comments concerning ALL flavours of KETTLE, (and other brands of?????) potato chips, TOGETHER!<br /><br />Of course, this DOES have SOME advantages, because most potato-chip lovers, (like me!), enjoy eating several flavour, and brand varieties.  So, comparisons can be made easily.  Also, as we're all potato-chip lovers, but each person has his or her very favourite flavour that they are reviewing, we are, here a sort of "United Nations of Potato Chip Lovers"....all different, but all united in our love of Potato Chips!  (The rest of the world can REALLY benefit from the example of our tightly-knit, but ever...er,...expanding...group here, I think! : )  But -- not at first realizing that these<br />different flavour reviews were all together, did cause me a little confusion and dismay.... at least to begin with.... (Amazon should have mentioned that this is the "Kettle Potato Chip Review Forum"! : )<br /><br />I am happy to report that KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBEQUE FLAVOUR, are totally delicious!  (At least they are in the one-ounce bags...hopefully the same product in the 9 ounce bags will taste the same!)  These are definitely chips for ADULTS, however -- and/or children whose stronger-than-adult taste buds can withstand the very strong flavour of these chips.  They are NOT the strongest flavour I have ever had...that was from a jalapeno pepper chip which was far too strong for even me!<br />These Backyard Barbeque chips by Kettle, however, have just the right amount of sweetness, (with honey powder, onion and sugar), to take the edge of the stonger flavours<br />(paprika, chili pepper, cayenne pepper, and natural smoke flavour), of which there is less, (they come further down in the list of ingredients than the sweeteners.)<br /><br />The complete list of ingredients of these KETTLE BACKYARD BARBECUE CHIPS, (in the 1-ounce bags, and hopefully, in the 9 ounce bags as well), is as follows:<br /><br />Potatoes<br />Vegetable Oil, (Safflower and Sunflower Oil),<br />Honey Powder, (Dried cane sugar, honey),<br />Rice Powder<br />Sugar<br />Salt<br />Onion Powder<br />Tomato Powder<br />Paprika<br />Torula Yeast<br />Garlic Powder<br />Chili Pepper<br />Citric Acid<br />Cayenne Pepper<br />Paprika Oleoresin, (Colour)<br />Natural Smoke Flavour<br /><br />Naturally cooked, natural ingredients.  The combination is a true taste treat!<br /><br />Of course, as with all ptato chips, moderation is the key.<br />Potatoes contain a LOT of potassium....which gives energy and othr good things....but too much of which can damage kindneys.  The vegetable oil is great -- but too much oil, (as well as too much starch, from the potatoes), can hurt the eyes.  Natural smoke flavour is SO yummy....but it, (as well as sugar), has -- in very large amounts -- been linked to cancer production<br /><br />As far as the starch from the potatoes and oil go, this<br />can be ameliorated, (a bit), by drinking TEA...which is good for the eyes.  But as far as the potassium, (energy - good, too much -- bad for the kidneys), and the sugar and natural smoke flavour, (too much leading to cancer production) -- the only thing is to do what is good in everything.....M O D E R A T I O N...!<br /><br />Twice or three times a month, I allow myself to go on what I call a "Potato Chip Diet".  I eat only one large bag, (or the equivalent in small ones), of potato chips all day.  I supplement this with tea, coffee, and lemonade, as well as several servings of Carnation Instant Breakfast Essentials, (I like the Dark Chocolate flavour)  This adds up to fewer calories than I would normally eat, if I had my normal three meals a day plus snacks.  It also teaches me to eat s-l-o-w-l-y, because that one big bag, (or many little bags), never lasts as long as I'd like.  Anyway, with excercise and sensible eating, the rest of the month, (and keeping my scale nearby, and weighing myself at least twice a day, every day), I've taken off ten pounds in the last three months! : )<br /><br />These BACKYARD BARBEQUE flavour potato chips from KETTLE,<br />are totally scrumptious.  Except for those jalapino chips, (which tasted good, but were far too spicy for my own taste buds), I have yet to meet a potato chip I didn't like to eat.  These Kettle BACKYARD BARBEQUE flavour potato chips, with their combination of potatoes, sweetness, and spices, have truly become one of my top five favourites....if not the VERY first favourite, of all!<br /><br />Flavoured potato PERFECTION!
These chips are okay.  Personally, I find the flavor combination on a greasy chip to be somewhat strange.  They're not necessarily bad but they're the kind of chip where you're only going to be able to have three of four chips before the flavor loses its novelty.
I've bought these at the local supermarket and enjoyed them although they are so salty that a few leave my tongue and roof of my mouth burning.  Keeps you from eating too many!  Occasionally I get really stale items from Amazon.com and this was one.  Unedible.  Beware of the quality of food items on this website that are on special as they can be very close to due dates or in this case, not expired but stale and unedible just the same.
These chips are VERY GOOD!! I couldn't stop eating them. They didn't last very long.<br /><br />The reason I gave them 4 stars, instead of 5, is because I think the bags are a little hard to open. I'm not sure why they need to make a potato chip bag that sturdy, you may need some scissors on hand to open them much easier.
Kettle Brand chips used to be so good...oily, crunchy, flavorful. I suspect the company has been bought out and the recipe has been changed for the worse. Now they're no better than any other big name brand chip. Try the Good Health Kettle Style Olive Oil chips instead. They are as good as the Kettle Brand once was. R.I.P., Kettle Brand chips. :(
...you can absolutely forget about these. Confirmed by other reviewers, these chips are now total garbage. Like chewing on styrofoam packaging "peanuts". Positively awful, no hyperbole or exaggeration. I'll NEVER buy anything from Kettle brand ever again! From a reportedly once great "premium" brand, literally any mass market chip I've ever tried tastes better than these. Stale and rancid tasting, and virtually no salty taste whatsoever. Completely awful!
These chips are nasty.  I thought someone had spilled a drink in the bag, no the chips were just soaked with grease.  Nasty!!
Unless you like salt vinegar chips as salty as eating actual pinches of salt and drinking actual vinegar, i doubt you will like these chips.  These are the saltiest & sourest chips I have ever had, and the only reason stops me from throwing these away is because I paid for 2 full boxes and dont like to waste food.  The brown chips are especially bad, besides being salty and sour, they also taste overcooked and burnt.  Unless you are the rare kind that can take this kind of extreme taste, you will not like these chips.<br /><br />I actually have a high tolerance for sour taste, so I can down a bag of chips with a bit of difficulty.  But normal people, please do not try this at home.
I bought this brand as a trial since I am tired of the Pingos.<br /><br />It claims that it is natural. I have no argument on this. But the point is that more than 50% in the bag is over-fried and in brown color. I really suffer eating the over-fried chips. I open some other bags and it looks like the same. So I just throw away all of them. I don't know if I was with bad luck or every bag they are selling is the same. But for sure I will never buy this brand any more.
They are good but wish they were also baked. Have not found baked no salt potato chips anywhere. If there are any I wish someone would post.
These are better in England. I don't know why. Maybe it's just nostalgia on my part.
I ORDERED KETTLE CHIPS IN THE FOLLOWING FLAVVORS<br />SALT & FRESH GROUND PEPPER<br />TUSCAN 3 CHEESE<br />N.Y. CHEDDAR AND HERS<br /><br />THEY ALL TASTED THE SAME TO ME.  IF THERE IS A VARIETY PACK SUGGEST U ORDER BEFORE ORDERING LARGE SIZE.<br /><br />I WISH I COULD RETURN THE UNOPENED BAGS.
I purchased these because of the low salt, and they were indeed low in salt. However, many, many of the chips in the bag were literally dripping in oil. I have never encountered this problem with other potato chip brands. It was very unappetizing, and who wants all that oil? I will never buy these again, and I would not recommend them to others.
If you are looking for STRONG S/V flavor these definitely aren't for you. Very mild in comparison to many others. I live in TX and I can tell you I've tried ALL S/V chips I can get ahold of. The best of the best are HEB (storebrand) and World Market. Bob's and Zapp's Aren't bad. From a chip standpoint they have typically great kettle crunch, but if you're looking for S/V flavor these have "just a touch."
I don't know if it was the case of chips we received or what, but everyone we allowed to sample the chips (in a buffet style setting) agreed that these were slightly on the salty side.<br />One person jokingly stated that these would be terrific for melting ice and snow, due to the amount of salt in these.<br /><br />We had ordered these with the expectations that these would be similar to the Lay's Kettle Mesquite Potato Chips, but these Kettle brands outback bbq chips are the exact opposite.<br /><br />Sorry folks, we just had better expectations from these chips but they a little on the on the salty side.<br /><br />We are still looking forward to Amazon finally getting the Lay's Kettle Mesquite Potato Chips in stock.<br />These got a 2 star, because the bbq powder they had used on these were flavorful enough to be unique.
These chips are greasy and taste burnt-there is grease in the bottom of the bag and the chips are saturated with it (especially at the bottom of the bag. Even if they are trans fat free, they need to be a lot less greasy.
Don't waste your money on any of the Kettle brand potato chips.  I bought a case of these, and a case of the cheddar and sour cream.  Both cases ended up in the garbage can.
DEfintely not as tasty as the Madhouse Munchies which are my family's favorite. Kettle's are dark/burnt,more broken bits, taste greasy-oily and not the light crunch. Oh well.
I love sour food but this one I can't bear.  Too strong sour taste... and even when you open the bag, the sour smell is too strong.  I don't like it.
Unless you really really really like vinegar - AVOID! Those chips should have been called "Vinegar and Sea Salt" - not "Sea Salt and Vinegar".
I have loved Kettle Brand Sea Salt and Vinegar chips since the first time i tried them.  The fact that i was able to find them on-line for such a great price, was wonderful.  I would definitely make the purchase again.  THey are a quick and simple snack for lunch and it goes great with my cold sandwich.
Used to eat the Spicy Thai flavor all the time.  MSG makes my body unhappy and this was one of the few flavored chips that was MSG free.  Now they have changed the whole recipe and how they make them.  Instead of being real food on the ingredients like it used to be its mostly processed chemical garbage, a bunch more salt and MSG stuffed in under the label "yeast extract".  They removed the NO MSG from the label so they know very well what they did.<br /><br />The worst part though is that they taste horrible.  Instead of crisp, oily and full of character...say as if they were cooked in like...a kettle or something they instead have the color and uniformity of baked lays.  The Spicy Thai flavor now tastes like sour cream and onion or ranch that has gone rancid.<br /><br />What a shame, no more kettle chips for me.  It seems they are slowly moving one flavor at a time to this new cheap ingredient list and manufacturing method.  Dont be fooled into paying a premium price for these chips as they are not a premium product anymore.
The chips were great...for the first few bags. However, after the first bag or two, I noticed that the remaining bags were damaged. There were holes in each bag and black, sticky stains on the outside. Other reviewers who bought around the same time that I did are now claiming that they found rodent holes in their bags of chips.<br /><br />The chips came in a sealed Kettle box, so it's hard to say who screwed up. But someone somewhere screwed up. These chips were a health hazard before the holes in the bag. Now? It's like a game of roulette.
After waiting a ridiculous amount of time for my case of 15 5oz bags to arrive, upon opening the box noticed that every bag had been chewed open by a mouse.  Don't know if it is still in the box, but it is outside on the porch.  When my son gets home, I'm going to have pictures taken and email to Amazon.  The outside Amazon box was intact, so it had to be either from the Kettle Chips people or the Amazon warehouse, don't know which.  I will never buy these again from Amazon.  I cannot tell you how disgusted I am with this purchase.  It makes me sick to think about it!<br /><br />I included pictures at the top of the page.  Poor little mousie must have high cholesterol now.<br /><br />Update:  I forgot to mention that I offered to email the above pictures of the mouse damage to Amazon but was told they didn't want them.
Kettle Chips are the best potato chip God has ever invented.  I give the Lord thanks every day for delivering unto me such an incredulously delicious blend of ginger and spice, a veritable cornucopia of flavor.  I have actually changed my diet to a strict regiment of the Spicy Thai & Sea Salt and Vinegar flavors, alternating days. I have already lost 5 lbs, not to mention the myriad of other health benefits I have been experiencing. Get your life back - with Kettle Chips.
My daughter that has autism craves hot, spice and pungent foods.  These are her absolute favorite chips!  She calls them her sour chips and wants them in her lunch all the time.  I love the crispy kettle way they're cooked.
I am a great fan of potato chips and of Thai food.  I was so happy when Kettle Chips decided to meld two of my great loves together! (What a concept.....)  These chips are spicy enough, without burning a hole in your tongue.  Also, they have a nice hint of sweetness that makes them habit forming (careful!).  Once in a while, this is a treat definitely worth indulging in.
Terrible! I cannot believe this, I received this item and EVERY SINGLE BAG WAS OPENED BUT 4!!!! I'm stationed in Afghanistan and this was gonna be a snack for my team while going out on missions. I was so embarrassed when the bags were opened and spilt out all in the box, gross! And the box is filled with grease stains. Idk if it was from the airplane ride all the way here, but the box should have been more insulated and bubble wrap should have been used instead of paper. I'm very unhappy with stale crusty chips out the bag and us soldiers cannot enjoy now.
After reading some of the reviews, I got nervous and opened a bag from my recent order expecting the worst! No worries here. All bags are in great shape and expiration dates aren't until June. Chips, at least from the first bag, taste like they are supposed to and all is good in the world! By the way, fifteen bags for under thirty dollars is a ton less expensive than the going price around here at the local grocery store so, yay team!
Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar:  These are good if you like kettle fried potato chips that are waaaay salty, on the burnt side, and taste rancid, either because the cheese flavoring or the oil it was fried in was already old.  I want to like this brand of chips and try their new and other flavors every now and then.  But, after having tried all sorts of other brands of kettle cooked chips, these just don't hit the spot for me.
I am glad I was able to find these on this site. I love this flavor and they are so crunchy. The box is packed inside another box but still some bags end up as crumbs. Most of the bags survived in tact.
These chips taste awesome. And unlike most other flavored chips, they actually make sure that plenty of the flavory salty goodness gets on each individual chip. Just don't pass gas near any pretty ladies after consumption. They'll totally know it was you.
With Kettle Chips, you really have to be careful.  Some of their flavors are nauseating.  With that said, they DO make fantastic plain chips.  Thick cuts of potato, fried to a dark golden brown.  They are crunchy and lightly salted with sea salt.  I can't recommend these chips enough.  You won't regret it.<br /><br />Some people say they are burnt but they aren't.  From their website: "Take a quick look and you'll see an immediate difference: Kettle Brand® Potato Chips are a beautiful tawny gold. During cooking, the natural sugars of our select potatoes caramelize, creating chips from light gold to a deep amber.  The results are flavors as deep and rich as the colors, and an artisanal display in every bag"<br /><br />Some have also said that these chips are oily, which is true.  But they explain that on their website: "At Kettle Foods we exclusively use expeller pressed high monounsaturated sunflower and/or safflower oil to make Kettle Brand®  products. Both of these oils are naturally free of trans fatty acids and are not hydrogenated in any way. We have taken the extra step of sending our products to independent third party labs to test for the presence of trans fats and results indicate we are "trans fat free" meaning none were detected. You will see zero trans fats listed on our packaging."  That oiliness is natural and happens when quality oil is being used.<br /><br />You will not find chips with such a natural potato flavor.  I'm also a fan of their unsalted potato chips.  For those of us watching our salt intake, the unsalted chips is the best you can get.  Period.
These are among the best chips I have ever eaten!  I first came upon them when I visited a CostPlus World Market store in Opelika, AL, in the Tiger Town Mall, in 2007.  I wasn't a big fan of dijon-flavored anything, but I decided to give these chips a try.  I was hooked.  I probably ended up buying over a dozen bags within just a few months' time.  I searched all over my part of Alabama (the northwestern part of the state) and could not find them.  I later tried to find them at the World Market in Hoover, at the Patton Creek Shopping Center, and they did not carry this flavor.  However, when I learned that they were available on Amazon.com, and also available for PRIME Shipping - I bought them as soon as I read "Kettle Chips Honey Dijon, 9-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)!"<br /><br />You get a pretty big box, filled with 12 bags of these delicious morsels.  They last quite a while, but I will re-order, very, very soon!  I suggest you buy them, in this bulk form, and enjoy them - you won't be disappointed!  They go great with hamburgers and hot dogs - so they're perfect for spring and this coming summer's outdoor activities and cook-outs!<br /><br />Take my word for it, these chips are a hidden gem lost in the world of snack foods!  Buy some today, and fall in love like me!
I have never been addicted to anything in my life...until I tasted these chips.  I have tried other brands of the sea salt and vinegar flavor and they are just not the same.  You've got to stick with this blue bag of chips!
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
I bought these when on sale through Amazon.  Nice crispy thick chips.  Definitely a great buy if you can catch them on sale.
For those of you who, like me, had to order the Kettle Spicy Thai chips from Amazon because they are so hard to find locally, you will probably be aggrieved to know that the recipe has changed.  They are just like regular potatoe chips.  I paid for them but now my husband gets to eat them because he didn't like the spicy thai, but these are fine for him.<br /><br />Yuck!!!
I've found a new taste treat. I'm not a big one for potato chips, so I am sure I've come late to discover these. I think they are really good.  The processing & ingredients list is actually pretty good-no trans fats, etc. So, if you want an indulgence, these are A+ !  They are thicker & more tasty than the mass produced potato chips we've all come to know.  They are much more flavorful.  Never had a honey-dijon potato chip before. Incredibly good & a flavorful combination of sweet, tangy, salty. Also not overly hot or spicy. Excellent!<br /><br />If you want a snack, have something REALLY good. It's got to be worth the calories-and these are!
This is a real good product.I love these chips and so does my customers can't go wrong wit these the best
I love these chips and now the whole family is hooked on them. These are the only chips I eat
I don't know what to say that others have not covered. If you like potato chips you will like these. Get em on sale when you can and limit your intake...if you can...
If you're looking at this you probably already know you like these chips.<br />This is a great deal and I have not had any problems with them going stale.<br />The 1oz bags are a great size for a snack and help avoid over-eating.
While I admit that the oversalted chip is addictive, I really think this one has gone too far. Skin literally peeled off my lips and inside my mouth after eating these. I am surprised that they are still on the market.
Only 5mg sodium per serving, chips are crisp.  I sometimes will dip in a low salt ketchup and that adds a bit to the flavor.
I have found this product, Kettle Chips Unsalted to be fabulous.  I found them by accident on Amazon after hunting all over my local stores.  They are crisp and tasty without all of the salt.
When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet.
Smiles... Thank you Lord, for I have found another healthy snack food that is unsalted, and tastes great. I almost gave up on finding a potato chip like this. The only thing i would ask Kettle to change is the texture. It's slightly hard/crunchy, but not a problem at all. I would just prefer it to be softer. Kettle if you do make that happen, please keep everything else the same. Thank you.
These are my favorite, but they aren't for everybody. In a way, they sort of taste like Oriental flavor ramen, but with a kick. For me, how can one go wrong with the combination of jalapeno and ginger? They are a bit rich, so they aren't for EveryDayForAMonth snacking. Because this is a case purchase, I recommend trying out a single bag before buying an entire case. The 2oz size seems to be no longer available, which is a shame; I can eat the entire 5oz bag.
Salt & vinegar chips are my favorite flavor so I think I've tried every brand out there.  These are by far the best.  I also like them because the sodium content is not very high like some of the others and they are not excessively greasy.  They seem to have the right balance of the salt and vinegar taste.
Package arrived DOUBLE boxed, wrapped, and the inside box(that holds the goods) perfect not a single dent or rough mark, outstanding packaging.<br /><br />The Product?<br /><br />These are the best chips on the planet, Salt 'N Vinegar flavor is beyond among the best chips I've ever had. You might, actually I'm sure you probably won't like it AT FIRST BITE 'IF' you have never had these before. But try it again.<br /><br />Not to mention, this particular flavor has held up in numerous surveys and comparisons against other manufactures.
If you love jalapeno chips then Kettle is a must try.<br />Nice and cruncy with the kick of jalapeno.<br />Delicious.<br />Addicting.<br />Recommended.
My son bought a package of the Jalapeno Potato Chips a couple weeks ago, and he and I have become addicted.<br /><br />First, Kettle chips appear to be somewhat better in terms of fats etc. than many other chips, as one peruses the dietary information.<br /><br />Second, individual chips are nice and crisp and have a good crunch value as you munch away at them.<br /><br />Third, the jalapeno has some kick (not overly hot, of course). Too many products labelled as spicy are not, have no kick, and are as bland as can be. Here, you do get a slow noticeable burn from the jalapeno. My preference? A bit more heat. But I understand that most consumers would prefer somewhat less than I would. Still, decent spicyness.<br /><br />All in all, I have been pretty happy with this product, in the few weeks since we first bought it. I now purchase a package each week in my foray to the local grocery store. . . .
After looking at the pictures someone put on here showing a crushed box, I had to write a review.  I have bought these chips numerous times from Amazon Warehouse Deals and each time they came packaged perfectly.  There was a sale at the end of the summer and I received a few cases/boxes for just over $10.00.  The chips were fresh and very hard to eat just one bag.  I hid them in the garage and only remembered them when I went out there; that way I didn't eat them all.  As far as the pictures, if the person contacted Amazon, he made out ok.  Amazon is great with handling complaints and this person was given perfect customer service if he called Amazon.  Thanks for a great tasting product, good price and quick shipping.  I'll buy these again...soon.
There is nothing too good or too bad about these chips. If you like plain potato chips, you'd like these. They are thicker than most brands, fresh out of box, very crunchy and not too salty (for me). One bag has a lot, I generally cannot finish it by myself. Part of the reason is that they are too oily (some chips almost look transparent, if you know what I mean). The taste of oil is a bit too overwhelming for me. If you are used to more spicy chips you may not like these since they do not have any spice, except salt, as the name says. I don't think I'll buy these again. The "best by" date on my bags are March 2011 and I ordered them at the end of October.
I love this sea salt & vinegar flavor from Kettle.  When I saw this one on the daily deal here for $17.99/case, I put my order without doubt.  However, when I received the case, I found out that the whole case is expiring in December while I got it at the end of August.  I tried one package and I can definitely taste the unfreshness in the chips.  I was disappointed and then I found out this item is not returnable!  How convenient!  Although I love this chips, I won't order from here again with the concern of close expiration date...
This is the second purchase of Kettle Potato Chips and we love them just as much as the first time we tried them. We bought them by the a carton of 24 bags. The Kettle chips were in a 2oz bag which is just enough for a single size serving snack or with a meal. The chips are so delicious, baked not fried and lightly salted with Sea Salt. They have 0 fat, no preservatives, nothing artificial and they only use real food ingredients. What more could you ask for in a great tasting chip!
How to achieve potato chip nirvana? It's simple:  Buy these chips, get them tomorrow, eat them!<br />Repeat.<br /><br />Why?<br /><br />Best "old school" BBQ flavor out there<br />Kettle quality<br />Incredible price with Amazon<br /><br />Did I mention delicious and a terrific bargain?
I found these more than 10 years ago in a health food store. After I bought one bag I found myself stopping by that store once a week to get these chips. The New York Cheddar flavor is so good, you will have a hard time not eating a whole bag.
But you will enjoy ever step. I gained 5 lbs within a month of buying this 12 pack of full sized bags. Damn it! They should warn you about this! Tastes awesome though. When I finish my crash diet I will order another box (case?). :-)
These are the best spicy chips I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  They start off sweet, then as you eat more the spice builds up.  They are fantastic.  If you don't want to commit to a whole case, pick up a bag at your local Whole Foods first, then stock up here when you realize how amazing they are.  Got my case right here, and loving every bite.  On a side note, this brand (Kettle Brand) has many delicious varieties- this is just my personal favorite.  I also highly recommend: Backyard BBQ, Honey Dijon, Sweet Onion, Buffalo Bleu, Salt and Pepper and Death Valley Chipotle.  Lays aint got nothin on Kettle Brand!!!
I've eaten other brands of unsalted potato chips and they've always been terrible.  I didn't expect much when I bought these.  But after I tasted them I was amazed.  I have never enjoyed unsalted potato chips before these.  They have a natural potato flavor with thick, crunchy chips.  The only bad thing is the bag is a pain to open.  Use scissors and save yourself the aggravation.
Kettle brand chips are probably the best potato chips I've tasted thus far. They are thick, has a bite to them and I love their creative flavors. My favorite Kettle chip happens to be the honey Dijon. I think it's a great combination sweet, salty and tangy, perfect for one of those snack attacks when you don't know exactly what you want. I especially love the curled up chips for extra texture and crunch. These 2-oz bags are perfect for anyone who has a problem controlling portions (like me!).
As an Oregonian, I make a point of sharing these Oregon-made snacks with friends who visit the state. I tell them the Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrew does for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with Spicy Thai chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBUA">Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar</a>.<br /><br />The Honey Dijon chips bring a terrific balance of salty, tangy, sweet and crunchy. Other brands I've tried use too much mustard flavor, which overpowers the Honey Dijon pairing. The Honey Dijon chips make a great side dish on a BBQ plate with baked beans, coleslaw or potato salad and grilled meat. Naturally, they also go down great with beer.<br /><br />The Sea Salt & Vinegar chips are a perfect complement to vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />In summary, I highly recommend Kettle Brand chips, a great buy on Amazon.com.
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
Kettle chips are thicker and crunchier (though greasier at times) than other chips, and the honey dijon flavor is great.  They don't have the overwhelming salty taste some cheaper chips have, and the 2oz size is great for an adult size snack.
I've always liked Salt and Vinegar chips but most of the time the stronger flavor was at the bottom of the bag. Not with these, the vinegar is overflowing right from the first chip and doesnt stop until you've finished the bag. These are very addictive. If you like salt and vinegar, these are the ultimate chips. Nothing else compares.
Tasted good. Spicy. Those that don't like spicy should stay away from this. For the price paid, very good buy.
These are seriously delicious, especially if you like plain potato chips. My only concern is they're very oily. I understand they're "kettle chips" and they're "fried" (small batches and all) but when you open the bag (That's another thing, very strong bag! Need scissors!) there's a coating of oil on the inside of the bag and on the chips themselves. I suggest a blot/shake on some paper towels before consuming. Either way, they have a yummy potato taste, and very satisfying crunch. Delicious!
This bags are very difficult to open with the aid of some tool, such as scissors, don't even try without scissors.<br /><br />They are crispy and taste like chips that aren't advertised as being salted. They definitely aren't healthy, because I can feel the grease all over my fingers when eating them, and I can see the grease at the bottom of the bag, too.<br /><br />They are high-quality chips, and deserve to be put on your table.
Kettle Foods, Inc. makes the best tasting potato chips I've ever eaten.  With a variety of flavors, from classic Barbeque to their unique Spicy Thai you'll find the right flavor for your mouth. And not only do they taste wonderful, but these all-natural chips are cooked in safflower or sunflower oil for zero cholesterol.<br /><br />But why is it a GoGreenMart&More product of the week? Kettle Foods, Inc. is a "Green Giant", a company highlighted for their environmental practices.  They convert waste oils to biodiesel to power some of their company cars. A roof-top solar panel system creates 120,000kWh annually for production and they offset 100% of their additional U.S. energy usage by buying renewable energy credits. Not only are their efforts for the future but they care for the present by rejuvenate a neighboring 2 acre wetland eco-system. And during recent building construction, they earned a Gold rating from Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED).<br /><br />Now your mouth will thank you and so will the environment.
These really are amazing chips. Don't be put off by one of the cheeses being blue cheese...it is so subtle that even blue cheese haters (like me)will enjoy these.
These chips are delectably delicious. I am on a low sodium diet. I didn't have to give up totally something that I truely love to snack. These chips are bursting with flavor, and you can't really tell they are missing all that salt. There is just a kiss worth on a chip, but beleive me, it is a total makeout!!!
Not too salty like regular supermarket chips, this is a snack that will not overwhelm you with guilt! When you just gotta have some chips, Kettle Chips Lightly Salted chips are the what you've been searching for.<br /><br />There's no cholesterol, no trans fats, no artificial anything -- and because of the manufacturing process, they actually seem to have kind of a home-made quality.<br /><br />This is an excellent product!
I agree with the company motto "A Natural Obsession".  I tried a small bag at the local store and immediately bought in bulk online to save about 30 percent.  The flavor of these is very strong, so they are best paired with a food that has a very mild flavor, like steamed vegetables or plain whole grain bread.  Otherwise they compete or clash with the other food.
The New York Cheddar flavor is my favorite of all the Kettle Brand potato chips. These are flavorful and crunchy and will make your mouth happy. Unfortunately, it may do the opposite to your backside, so don't do what my mom did and eat an entire bag on an empty stomach or you may spend the afternoon in the bathroom.<br /><br />I still give it a 5 of 5 stars.<br /><br />Also, the online price at Amazon is better than anywhere else I've seen them. Combined with Amazon Prime you'll be getting a great deal on these chips.
These are my new favorite!  I have always been a fan of salt and vinegar but these honey dijons have replaced them as my new number one!  They do have a strong taste so loving the honey mustard flavor is a must if you hope to like these.<br /><br />Price wise...I do not see that they are that much of a deal here.  I purchased them for $2.99 at the grocery with no shipping.  I would have given the product 5 stars (easily) had it not been for the price.  The taste is fabulous -- you won't be disappointed.
These chips were good. I ended up eating a whole bag a day for a while cause they were so good. I am glad that they do not have any dextrose in them like lays do.
these are the best chips out there.. nothing can beat this taste. if you like honey mustard then you will definitely like this.. once you eat it you wont stop..addicting stuff
I dont know if they were fresh or if they were supposed to taste like they did. I checked the expiration date it was current but still tasted kind of stale to me !!!
At first I was thinking, "cheese flavored chips?"  But I love them.  The herbs they used are just delicious.  The cheese is not overpowering.  They are yummy and crispy!!
The Spicy Thai chips used to be the best tasting chips on the market.  However, Kettle Foods has changed the ingredients used, with ginger  being the most important that is now missing.  Notice that they removed "ginger with attitude" from the bag.  Sadly, the changing of the ingredients has ruined the chips for me.  They aren't that good anymore and the spice level is virtually non-existent.<br /><br />Here are the original and new ingredient listings:<br /><br />Original Ingredients<br />Select Potatoes, Safflower and/or Sunflower Oil, Honey Powder (Evaporated Cane Syrup, Honey)Salt, Garlic Powder, Jalapeno Pepper, Ground ginger, Onion Powder, Habanero Pepper, Dried Parsley, Citric Acid, Cilantro Extract, Ginger Oil, Cayenne Pepper, White Pepper, Lime Oil.<br /><br />New Ingredients<br />Potatoes, safflower and/or sunflower oil, sugar, dried cane syrup, salt, maltodextrin, yeast extract, spices, garlic powder, onion powder, dried parsley, jalapeno powder, citric acid, natural flavors, lime extract<br /><br />I'm assuming they changed the ingredients in order to cut costs for their new owner,  Blue Diamond.  They might want to get rid of  "Great Taste Naturally" from their bags as I don't consider maltodextrin to be very natural.<br /><br />Great job Kettle!  Way to ruin a great thing!
I Was sent 3 week past "Fresh by date" stock. Chips are noticeably not fresh in taste. Won't order again.<br /><br />EDIT: And just to add to the dangers of expired stock one of the bags had a rat hole in it, black marks on inside of hole very obviously rat. unfortunately I put a chip in my mouth before I saw the hole.<br /><br />Very bad form amazon.
I try to be good, but when I feel like indulging in some delicious, gourmet potato chips, these New York Chedder potato chips are the first flavor I like to go for, when I see them at the natural food store.  The chips are tangy and crunchy and satisfy your potato chip fix like no other brand.
and THAT is  the problem. I order these by the case of 12 - and when they are good, which is over half the time they are the BEST kettle chip, THE BEST! and then I get a case of the worse - the potatos are mealy and old so I just throw them out and order again, expensive BUT when they are made with good fresh potatos they are the best - the last case is what prompted me to write this - the potatos were weird - like they were almost sour as in going bad - and I even wrote the company that makes them - SO if you want the BEST kettle chip there is try these and if the ones you get are NOT the best try again!<br />I, myself am done ordering because it is creeping me out that they are using soured potatos and either not noticing or not caring.
I got the sea salt and vinegar chips from Kettle.  I am used to the Salt and Vinegar chips in the white bag if I am allowed to say that.  Anyways, my first impression for this is wow at all the chips you get for the price.  I got the 9 0z x 12 bags and wow it is so many for the price.  You can tell they are high quality chips just from the packaging, also.  Well being used to the cheaper chips I wasn't expecting how mellow these things are.  The ones I am used to have a really sour taste to them which I didn't mind but they had tons of flavor.  These chips don't have any sour to them at all, and taste just like them but a lot less strong aftertaste.  If you want to try out Salt and Vinegar chips I suggest you try these out first.  So, for the price and how many you get, these chips are definately worth it.  They are thick and crunchy like the more expensive chips you get at high quality restaurants.  I recommend these, 4 stars.
We've long enjoyed this brand of chip, so when we began to think seriously about limiting out salt intake we were particularly pleased to find these.<br /><br />  Granted I bought them somewhat reluctantly because I'm a confirmed salt-aholic, generously sprinkling it on everything from eggs to green beans.  I was more than pleasantly surprised as these chips have a very satisfying robust taste and are crispy to boot.<br /><br />  How nice to be able to munch on these without worrying about too much salt.
For those who love salt and vinegar potato chips, this is the one to choose. The flavor is zippy and tart, with no unpleasant chemical aftertaste like the less "natural" versions of this snack. The 2-ounce bags are just right to share at lunch. The chips are a little greasy, and that's why I've given them 4 stars instead of 5.
Kettle lightly slated chips are my favorite on the market. I don't care for the "fancy" flavors and these are salted just right. Thick, super crunchy and full of flavor, they are the best!
These chips are tasty but not what I expected from a "low salt" item.  They seem as salty as any "regular" potato chip, and they also seem excessively greasy.  By comparison, Cape Cod Reduced Fat chips are less salty with at least as much potato flavor and far less greasy.
Fantastic tasting potato chips. I love the individual bags, great for kids and adults too. No trans fat, no cholesterol, no artifical stuff.<br />Low in sodium and high in potassium, which is great for people like me with HBP.<br />Only problem is Amazon is out of stock some times and price is high.
The chips come in a large box with individually wrapped bags of chips. The bags are very strong - much thicker than, say, Lay's potato chip bags. Inside are very tasty kettle cooked chips, salted just right. Because these appear to be cooked in an actual kettle fashion, some are cooked more than others, which gives it a more authentic, non-manufactured feel. Some people may not like that.<br /><br />I reccomend them!
My 8 yo is a Kettle chip addict so I was so happy to find snack size bags for his lunch!!! Great quality and much cheaper than in the stores!!! Will definitely be buying more!
Yes, they are good. However, they are absolutely inundated with the flavoring stuff, which is initially satisfying then becomes "too much". And certainly isn't good for the waistline or general nutritional issues.<br /><br />AND the package can't be opened without a sharp implement. I couldn't pull it apart at the top as I am used to doing. I don't normally carry a knife or scissors and don't have rodent teeth. Well, I was hungry and was able to rip the bag using my car key. Even then, the bag was *wow* thick and tough.<br /><br />On the package it says these are "Krinkle Cut" chips. Turns out that means the corrugated kind, not what I wanted. I don't eat ripple/ridged style chips any more because they take the skin off the roof of my mouth. So this information is important.<br /><br />These are good but so are other brands with which I don't have these problems.
This may sound rediculous, but I actually ordered the wrong brand of potato chips when I ordered these Kettle-brand jalapeno chips.  At the time I placed my order, I couldn't remember the name of the jalapeno chips that I had recently discovered and liked, and the Kettle-brand chips were packaged in a similarly-colored bag.  But, it all worked out for the best because I do really like the Kettle-brand of jalapeno chips, and will happily munch away on them during upcoming TV football games.  When I run out (probably sometime next year!), I will likey purchase Miss Vicky brand of jalapeno chips, and I plan to try the other flavors of Kettle-brand chips.  Imho, Kettle-brand chips are excellent and I recommend them to all potato chip 'affection-ados'.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />  § homiedog §
Miss Vickies are better but unfortunately less widely available.  I'm not sure tough is the right word but there is a noticeable difference between the two brands and Miss Vickie's are better IMHO.
I want to like Kettle because they contain no corn oil or soybean oil (which are both GMO, and also my kids are allergic to corn and soy), but darnit, these things bite back! On the plus side, the sharpness of them may keep you from mindlessly enjoying too many. On the minus side, a mouthful of cuts and scratches is not worth it. Do they have to be SO hard and crunchy? What's wrong with simply light and crispy? I vastly prefer Lay's texture, but suffer with Kettle due to the absense of GMOs and corn/soy. I wish they'd come out with something less harsh on the mouth, though.
I think these chips are awesome if not the best along with Poor Brothers Salt and Vinager chips. But if you buy these Spicy Thai chips in a smaller bag it might have too much of the flavor (at the bottom of the bag) in it then the larger bag at least that was my experience last time I bought these off amazon but that was like in 2010. So I would suggest trying Spicy Thai in a bag bigger then 5 ounces.
This kettle chips taste "Good , Crispy & Crunchy " too ! U will enjoy it also! Moreover,it's thinly cut & sliced!
I knew my family already liked these chips so it was a no brainer to take advantage of a great price for good chips.  The price per bag can't be beat if you order with subscribe and save and the good thing is you can always change the delivery interval if you notice you go through them quicker or slower than you anticipated.
This is a delicious tea!<br /><br />I'm just now becoming a tea geek and really exploring the stuff I like, and Earl Grey is amongst the top, especially with bergamot.<br /><br />The problem I find is the amount of bergamot added is usually too little, or too much.<br /><br />This one is perfect! I really like the balance in the flavor. I don't add anything to this tea, just a part of a teaspoon in a cup and in 2-3 minutes it's ready.<br /><br />Tastes like an expensive tea but priced like Lipton. Definitely recommend it for fans of Earl Grey with a kick!
I bought this tea as an alternative to very pricey Teavana Black Teas. I have a cup every morning, very smooth refreshing tea.
The tea tin is guarding the aroma very well.<br />The taste is beautiful: the Malva flowers do soften the taste and the amount of bergamot is just right.<br />The first time I used too much tea and soaked it for too long (I used as reference Darjeeling FTGFOP First Flush).<br />Since then I save on the quantity of tea leaves and soak the tea for only two minutes.<br />A delight: the best Earl Grey I ever had. The price is very competitive.
Pros:<br />- Extremely fragrant<br />- Full bodied<br />- Can be steeped twice<br />- Nice air-tight container<br />- Organic<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Price<br /><br />The Tao of Tea, Blue Flower Earl Grey Black Tea is the best Earl Grey I have ever tasted, and I would recommend it to anyone.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EPPFGO">The Tao of Tea, Blue Flower Earl Grey Black Tea, Loose Leaf, 3.5-Ounce Tins (Pack of 2)</a>
After a lifetime of tea drinking, I can honestly say that this is the best Earl Grey I have ever tasted.  I have ordered it a number of times, and each batch is consistently excellent. I have even given it as a gift, as its container is superb for keeping loose tea fresh.  The metal canister has an inner lid that is lifted with its own attached knob, so the tea stays dry and fresh for the length of time it takes to use it up.  Do yourself a favor, if you like Earl Grey, and treat yourself to this tea.
These biscuits are delicious, not too sweet, with just enough crunch.  We love them.  Quick delivery. We would order them again.  Very satisfied.
Excellent, lo-fat, lo- calorie treat for dogs. I have a German Shorthair Pointer-and these treats are her favorite( the organic peanut butter cookies are for smaller dogs, but she loves them-and for weight-control I like them!)
My male Maltese dog had been enjoying the Old Roy's Puppy Biscuits from Walmart.  Then I couldn't find them.  I was desperate to find a treat that would measure up.  I ordered six bags of the peanut butter and crossed my fingers.<br /><br />They arrived, and my little guy loves them.  He gets one heart-shaped biscuit at bedtime.  He sleeps in a crate.  When he hears me touch the bag of treats, he beats a path to his crate in high excitement.  They are a BIG hit with my him.  They are well worth the price.  They are high quality and I can even smell peanuts in them.
This product does a great job of clearing out the kidneys.  It has helped make my husband feel lots better even though he is in early renal failure.
Love this with a bag of shrimp 3/4 pound, some stir fry veges and a little onion chopped. Not too hot but very tasty.
So I got this and tasted it strait out of the bottle, it tasted like smoky flavored milk - YUCK! I was depressed I was stuck with 4 bottles of this.  It sat on my shelf and I forgot about it. Last weekend I tasted a Zevia cream soda and was not pleased with the flavor, it tasted weird and smokey like the LorAnn oil I had gotten.  I tried to doctor up the soda with a little SF Vanilla Torani syrup and a tablespoon of heavy cream - IT TASTED AMAZING!!!  The odd smokiness was gone and it had a wonderful rich mouthfeel.<br /><br />So I wanted to see if this would help the LorAnn oil too.  I put a cup of whipping cream in a bowl and added a teaspoon of vanilla and tasted it, it tasted fine.  Then I added ONE DROP of the oil, it is very strong, and stirred it in - IT TASTED SO MUCH BETTER!  I whipped it up and put it on fruit and it was such a treat.<br /><br />Now I will always whip a drop of it with vanilla into desserts and whip cream.  It was such a happy accident to find out how to use it.  When added to vanilla it really adds a new depth of flavor and tastes so different than just out of the bottle or on its own in cream.<br /><br />It is VERY potent so only use a drop and increase after tasting, if you add too much it will ruin the recipe so use a light touch.
We make up a coffee creamer with 1/4 part commercial coffee creamer, vanilla, butter creme, almond and Bavarian Creme flavors and the rest milk.  It tastes wonderful and is half the price of store-bought!<br /><br />It is excellent!
I'm from Detroit, and I was raised on Vernor's ginger ale.  Once I moved to California, though, I found it difficult to find Vernor's.  It would pop up here and there, and then disappear.  I guess without advertising, it just never found a home.<br /><br />I prefer the plastic bottles, but the ideal size is the 16.9 oz (500 ml) or the one liter.  The problem with the two liter size is that it takes one person (me) too long to drink it, letting it go flat.<br /><br />In any case, Vernor's is unique in that it is aged in oak for three years, I think.  That imparts a great, unique flavor.<br /><br />I wish it would catch on again, and become available more widely.<br /><br />(Recently I did see it on sale in Redwood City in California's Bay Area, south of San Francisco.  The next day, it was gone!
I like "Vernor's", and drink it all the time. It is old fashioned drink from Michigan, since 1866, and the labeling was known for its lovely green and gold colors and the gnome character. If you look at the can it is actually called ginger soda instead of ale and is different than typical ginger ale in taste. Vernors has a strong vanilla presence, is smoother and more moist, and sweeter than a ginger ale. It is closer to a cream soda than ginger ale, very good. A ginger ale is more dry, higher in carbonation, and has a spicier bite to it. Vernors has 39 grams sugar per can, versus 33 grams per can for Schweppes Ginger Ale. Neither has caffeine.<br /><br />The recipe has changed a bit over the years mostly in the choice of sweeteners. They use the same high fructose corn syrup that the cost-cutting mega soda companies use, rather than the cane sugar they used to use. The down side to that is that the corn syrup syrup drowns out some of the flavors. Many microbrews are using cane sugar again, although it costs more, to get a better taste. Vernor's is still aged in oak barrels for 3 years, no doubt accounting for the smoothness. All in all a great soda for anytime. The soda is also known, like other ginger drinks, for its use as a home remedy for an upset stomach.<br />Vernor's is a regional soda, and there are many areas of the country you can't find it in. That is why it sells here. They may be selling it in glass bottles again soon, at least there is a page that says so the day I am writing this comment. Search at Amazon for ASIN: B001JK2SEG to see what I mean. Vernors has quite a history, and there are two books at Amazon about the soda. The first is Vernor's Ginger Ale (Images of America: Michigan) ISBN-10: 0738551856. The second book is "The Vernor's Story: From Gnomes to Now" ISBN-10: 0472066978 a book about the company's marketing green and gold packaging with the famous gnome, and Vernor's fans.
If you want to find a good flavor substitute for maple syrup, barley malt, or brown rice syrup, this will do nicely. I use Madhava's agave nectar in my baked goods all the time, and am always pleased with the results. At the time I'm writing this, Amazon was out of stock as a vendor. However, when it was in stock, it was priced well for the 2-pack.<br /><br />Other than baking, I've used it to top waffles, pancakes, and in small doses (1/2 teaspoon) added it to oatmeal. A little goes a long way.<br /><br />Using agave nectar: Use 1/3 to 1/2 less agave nectar than you would another sweetener (depending on your taste and the recipe. Recipes with dried fruit need much less), cut the heat in the oven by 25 degrees F; if there is oil in the recipe, cut it by 1/3 (alternately, use a tablespoon or two of sifted coconut flour to absorb more of the liquid -- just don't use too much or your recipe will be dry). Additionally, when baking, make sure to mix it with the wet ingredients prior to adding it to the dry. Most bakers might already know this, but remember to read recipes first because sugar is typically added with dry ingredients (unless beaten with butter first).<br /><br />Agave nectar does not crystalize like other sugars do, so you won't be able to substitute it for corn syrup in making hard candy. However, I highly recommend it for baking. It makes everything moister.<br /><br />If you are looking for less caramel flavor, you'll need to use the light version of this product (equally good in all applications).
Good quality nectar.  Very tasty.<br /><br />However, I was expecting 46 fluid ounces, not 46 ounces in weight.<br /><br />I find that 46 ounces in weight makes about 32 fluid ounces.
First time I've ever used Agave Nectar -- and it is great.  Keeps the blood sugar stable.  Great buy also!
This sweetner is the best, it brings out the true flavors in what ever you add it to. And it has great health benefts.
I love this stuff.  It sweetens without affecting the blood glucose levels.  Now if I could only figure out how to make tequila I would be set.  Just kidding.
I finally have found a natural sugar substitute that has the added benefit of having a low glycemic index. Agave is delicious! I have recommended it to many friends, and it is very economical to purchase the 46oz bottles.
I used to buy the Wholesome Sweetners agave and like it a little better, but switched because it became too expensive. So this is the cheeper option. The taste is the same, but it seems a little less sweet because I find I have to use more of it to get the right sweetness in my coffee. I don't like the container. It doesn't pour well, so I have to pour it into a better squeeze bottle, so that I don't have a sticky mess on my counter every day. It's fine for the price. I continue to have it shipped to me every other month.
I love using this to sweeten tea, coffee, etc. It tastes much better than other low glycemic sweeteners - there is no bitter aftertaste.
I ordered this product two times now and have been very happy with both the delivery and the product.  It works great for cooking, baking and as a substitute sugar in my Chai lattes.
I really like this product and taste great with the coffee or tea, and I have lost weight by cutting the sugar and replacing it with the honey and Agave nectar.
We have been using 17-Day Diet guided by Low-Glycemic eating for about 6-7 months, with fair success. This amber agave nectar has become our primary sweetener because of the low glycemic effect on blood sugar. The taste is mellow,and the sweetening power is higher than sugar [so you use less], but without the "twang" of honey. the one thing I have not tried it on (still using sugar) is making kombucha - I still use sugar, as I'm not sure it would be a good idea to introduce a raw element into kombucha. But actually, that may just be my own over-caution and nothing related to actual chemistry or circumstance.<br /><br />Our primary uses are sweetening yogurt, using it in the little baking I do, and use in salad dressings, fruit desserts, etc. Because we are limiting our sweets consumption,we don't use a lot of this, but it's nice to have when we need it. I plan to try using it in some homemade jams later this season. I buy it on subscription, and the cost is about 33% less than the local WalMart and more than 50% less than the health food store on this same brand. "Best by" date on the bottles I received in May is 2015.
I am so glad I was introduced the this brand of sweetner to replace sugar, this is so much better. I really like how it sweetens my herbal sweet teas without having to use too much, and how it can be used in place of pancake syrup too. Learning how to use it what the first thing I had to learn, once I learned how to use it, I became hooked. I would not even look at sugar any more. I highly reccomend if you want a clean fresh taste and feel to your foods.If you do purchase this sweetner, take advantage of ship and save, it will save you lots of money in the long run.
I love this product! It is the best natural sweetener I have ever tried, and I have tried many. You can use also as pancake syrup or as a substitute for honey on your peanut butter and honey sandwich. It last a long time, and is a good value.
I have been using Agave Nectar for several months now and have found it to be a staple in my home. Madhava Agave Nectar is good tasting, it was a good buy!
This stuff is great because it's low glycemic. Substitute this to sugar and you'll be doing your body a great favor.  This size is economical and shipping is fast, too.  I got mine very soon.
Save a little money buying in larger quantities, as opposed to the smaller bottles. I like the taste of Agave, cross between honey/maple. Good for pies, cereal, frozen yogurt, etc.
This is an awesome product which I've ordered many times.  Honey-like flavored, lower glycemic sweetener that's great in coffee or tea.
thank you for this product - we use it all the time and appreciate your promptness and the price was excellent.  Thanks again.
I am on a low glycemic index diet to help control my blood sugar and hormone levels. My nutritionist recommended agave nectar as a sweetener since it's GI index is in the low 30's as opposed to honey in the low 50's and sugar in the mid-50's. I've tried supermarkets, health food stores and wholesale clubs. The prices are usually around $13 for a 32oz bottle and this is $19ish for 2x46oz. It's used like honey - substitute 2/3c for every 1c sugar and reduce liquids by 1/4th.<br /><br />I also use it in a carrot cake recipe (equal substitution) instead of sugar where I substitute whole wheat flour instead of white flour and I don't decrease the other liquids. It's delicious and you'd never know that's it's actually good for you.
I am very disappointed with this product because I could not see how many calories it has at the time I ordered it. I received it and now I can see it has 60 calories per tablespoon. Granulated sugar has only 45 calories per tablespoon. How could Agave Nectar be better than sugar?
I was out to dinner with friends & family at "The Saloon" in "Rte 46 Entertainment Complex" in Sanford FL. Besides having an awesome staff (ask for Keith) and fabulous food (the escargot is a MUST) they serve China Mist tea. This is the 1st time I chose the Tropical Organic Green -- I have no doubt it is the best flavored tea I have ever had.
If you've tried the conventional Kettle crinkle chip verson Salt and Peper, you CAN'T compare these to those!  These are easily some of the most spicy chips you will ever eat, but oompletely enjoyable.  You finish the bag and the indside is just coated with spices.  Great stuff.
These are the best tasting tortilla chips I have ever had!  I have become allergic to tomatoes, but I love tortilla chips.  There is so much flavor in these chips that I no longer miss pico de gallo. I prefer to eat them plain. They also have just the right amount of heat to make them flovorful, but not overpoweringly spicy.
These potato chips are DELICIOUS!  I have not had potato chips in approximately two years as it has been difficult to find organic chips.  Amazon lowered the price on these, and I finally had a chance to order them.  I most definitely will be ordering them again!  My family and I love them.  They are pure and void of all artificial flavorings.  The true flavor is present, and it satisifies the need for something salty, sweet, spicy, and crunchy.  A++++
These chips are a great snack if you don't want all the junk assiciated with chips.  Try them you'll like them.
I love these chips. The flavor is not plain. They are sweet and spicy all at the same time.  The only drawback is it has a tad bit too much salt. But, it still a great flavor!
thesedon't like hot food they might be a bit much for you. They have a great balance of sweetness and spice. Of course, Kettle Chips are just good chips - they use good oil to make them and even the plain ones are tasty. I also like that they are ridged chips - those are usually too crunchy and hard to chew for me - I don't want to have to work that hard for my deliciousness. If you like spicy barbecue you will definitely like these chips.
Just the right amount of spice to make them hot and they are also sweet! Very hard to find in New Jersey. Can not have just one bag around!!
I can't believe how wonderful this chip is! The slightly spicy after taste gives the chip extra punch and flavor. My family and I are offically addicted.
These chips are perfect for snacking with or without salsa. The texture is brittle and thin, like other Plocky's chips.<br /><br />The only downside: the spice is minimal.
I think Plocky's brand as a whole is a cut above in quality but I found these to lack in taste somewhat and be a little greasy.
These are the best chips I have ever eaten. Everyone in our family loves them. Sweet but spicy- crispy....really good. Delivery was perfect, no crushed chips. Fantastic overall.
A nice case of chips that are quite tasty. I definitely enjoy the Kettle Sea Salt and Black Pepper. I just wish they were bigger bags :)
I ordered these this week from my organic foods delivery service. OH MY WORD! Spicy (but not burning spicy, more like tongue-warming), sweetish, salty...a really strongly-flavored and delicious chip. If you like barbecue flavor, this is a nice sweet-Mexi-fied barecue.<br /><br />I also like that it's organic.<br /><br />I ate the 5 oz bag in less than 15 minutes. My bad. But dang, if they're not sinfully delicious.<br /><br />Granted, 5oz is not a whole lot (it was skimpy for the price, which is often the case when it comes to organic), but it was 750 calories at a pop. Geesh.<br /><br />Yes, 150 cals per 1 oz serving. That's about par for the course for fried chips.<br /><br />Verdict: Fattening, crispy, flavorful, delicious. Best to stick to very small servings on the side of a low-fat sandwich or soup.<br /><br />Enjoy.<br /><br />Mir
At first you think that these chips aren't all that Spicy, but the spice will grow on you with each bite.  They are really very good!
I can't say enough good things about Plocky's chips!!  I have purchased this flavor and the black bean flavor <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWKO7G">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Black Beans 'N Rice, 7-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a> and I love them!  They taste better than more well known brands and are very satisfying.  I have never eaten a tortilla chip that didn't make me feel guilty afterwards.  Not with Plocky's...I always eat less and feel satisfied.  I actually prefer these eaten by themselves..no dips...and I keep a bag in my desk at work.  I have even had them for lunch when there is no time to grab something.  I bring them to work to share with friends and they love them too.  I am a fan of Plocky's chips and will continue to purchase them on Amazon.
My aunt gave me a bag of these and I was immediately addicted. There are actual pieces of beans in the chips and they are not overly salty like other chips. I love the zip, agreed they are awesome without salsa, and no trans fat!
I was so excited thinking they had my favorite discontinued Kettle flavor, but was disappointed when I opened the box and found this substitution. I am keeping them but would not have ordered 15 bags of this flavor. It is a very good bbq chip but I could get this flavor at the grocery store. Why oh why do my favorite food items always get discontinued??? The one star is for the substitution. The country bbq is a 4 start chip, but not the chip I longed for.
We love these chips. They can be eaten alone, since they are so crisp and tasty or with a dip. Every one that we have introduced the chips to, loves them. And the expiration date is for 8 months from now, so ordering 12 bags didn't come near to them going stale.
I bought these chips, and wanted to try if they were tasty. It sure is!  Unique and different flavor and the right thickness.<br /><br />It remains crunchy, spicy and flavorful with a hint of tabasco and paprika sauce for heat. There are some rice granules embedded with the tortilla chips. However, some of the spices are lacking from this chip. But I liked this very much.<br /><br />I would recommend this to anyone who wants to try a red beans and rice tortilla chips. Go ahead-- you can put other ingredients as nachos except the cheese.  Maybe some el pastor, shredded meat, tomatoes, etcetera.
I Love these chips for its unique taste and incredible crispy texture. Used to get them at Henry's in San Diego, CA before we moved out of there and have been ordering them from Amazon since. Running out of them constantly!
These chips are the only ones I found to be tasty and healthy. They have fewer fat calories plus higher fiber for those who want good taste and nutrition--the perfect blend!
We love these. Can't always get them in local stores, they don't keep them stocked even though we are always buying them out. Strong enough to dip in any condiment, great flavor and grain texture.
These spicy chips have a lot of great flavor but be warned, you will be left with some stanky breath afterwards! The first time I ate these was at night and then even after brushing and flossing I could taste them in my mouth the next morning. So just be careful about when you eat them, especially if you will be hanging out with people later in the day.
The first time I ate these chips was in Aruba in 2007.  I couldn't find them in our area (CT) so you can imagine my joy when I found them on Amazon.  I love these and hope you continue to carry them.  Your prices are terrific too.  I pay $2.99 in Aruba and they run about $2.46 a bag when I buy the case of 12 through Amazon.  Good job!!!!  Only problem is, now everybody wants them here and they steal my bags when the case comes in, but that's ok...sharing is good.
These chips are delicious. If you like salt & pepper flavored chips with a solid crunch, then you can't go wrong with these--they are the tastiest bag I've come across. The sea salt is easier on the palette than regular salt, in fact I have trouble cutting myself off mid-bag even though I normally enjoy a low sodium diet. I would feel like less of a lush if they had them in the 8-9oz bags.
I used to buy these at the local supermarket, but they are no longer carried there.  Finding them on Amazon I purchased a box and found they were fresh and delicious as I remembered.  For chips they are also very healthy.  I definately will buy them again.
Plocky's Red Beans and Rice Tortilla Chips are really tasty. I shared a few bags with my daughter in Iraq. She said Ummm they are Good. They are good for you too. No artificial stuff.
We like Plockys<br />They like us.<br />Plockys Plockys.<br />Mean no fuss.<br />Taste so good.<br />And healthy too.<br />Plockys Plockys.<br />Grab a bag or two.<br />Thank you Plockys!!
I Love these potato chip they r soooo good! =) sweet and spicy but not overwhelming just enough to work up the palate, not salty just enough to balance out the sweetness I will be ordering these again soon. LOVe IT!
The best potato chips I've ever had at the best price I've ever paid. The service was respectable and the shipping free.
I love this product.  All of the different flavors are fantastic.  My family likes the 3 grain the best.  No more corn tortilla chips in this house!
Love these chips, and I don't even like black beans.  Very tasty.  Yum!!  Plus, good for you!
These chips are FANFREAKINTASTIC. They are with out a doubt the best chips that I have ever had. A nice sweet smoky flavor and then a little bit-o-heat. OH YA BABY.
Nice amount of heat and smoke. Very tasty chip that goes great with a brew.
These chips are salty with a hint of sweet. They are crisp and crunchy. They are the best chips I've ever had!
We ordered these only because the Black Beans and Rice,which we really. really love, was out of stock.  After about a week, we finally opened up a package and then kicked ourselves for not having tried them earlier.  There is a little kick to them after you swallow them to let you know you have had a hint of hot pepper of some sort.  We took them to a pot luck that night and came home with an empty bag.  I used them, from another bag, as a garnish on a salad that I took to the pot luck and we came home with an empty salad bowl!<br />We will definitely order these again.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWLUGU">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Red Beans 'N Rice, 7-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>
I was first introduced to the Red Rice & Beans chips in my hometown of Bethlehem, PA.  When I moved to North Carolina I was unable to find these chips in my local area.  On my trips back home, I would buy a bunch of bags to bring back with me to NC.  Then I discovered that I could order them on-line and life was great.  These chips are my all time favorite and everyone that I serve them to loves them just the same.  You just gotta try them ... you'll be hooked !!!  ..... Nancy Walsh
Ok. If you don't want to get addicted, don't try Plocky's Red Beans and Rice Tortilla Chips! My husband and I started with one seemingly anodyne bag from a store. Now, we've just received our second case. It won't last long. Beware.
My husband (who, being Mexican, is very picky about his tortilla chips) and I absolutely love these!  The texture is light and crispy, rather than thick and crunchy. He actually usually prefers a very hearty, cruncy chip (Like El Ranchero), but the flavor of these is so fantastic that we're both thilled with them. The bean, rice and corn base makes them incredibly flavorful, and they have a touch of onion and garlic in addition to that. We go through an embarrassing amount of them.  I never, ever like plain chips, but these I can eat without anything else, although they're particularly amazing with a fresh salsa.  I highly recommend these!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWLUGU">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Red Beans 'N Rice, 7 Ounce Bag (Pack of 12)</a>  I first tasted these chips while visiting relatives in KY.  They are not available where I live, so I ordered them from Amazon.  WOW!  My friends and family are all addicted to them.  The spicy flavor grabs you at the first bite.  Once a bag is open, it is gone!
We like these chips for salsa and quacomole better than any other cips on the market. They are even great by themselves. We will order these as long as they are available. Thank you for making them accessable.<br /><br />  Shelly Kenyon
I guess there's no telling what will tickle the palate.  I'm a huge Tabasco fan, and I love unconventional snacks.  But these don't taste to me even remotely like the wonderful sauce they're made from; I didn't find them to have much of a kick at all.  Practically bland, in fact.  Even with my strong aversion to wasting food, I had to throw out or give away most of the case.  Do yourself a favor and find a bag of these locally before taking a chance on 12.
"Yeast Extract" is listed as an ingredient. Sounds harmless, right? Specifically, these chips contain autolyzed yeast extract, which is, on a chemical level, monosodium glutamate. It's just derived from a different source, but it has all the same toxic properties. Kettle still advertises their products as containing "No MSG" while they acknowledge that their chips are not safe for people with MSG sensitivities.
These were not flavorful enough for my taste. It seems that all the seasoning falls off the chips and sinks to the bottom of the bag. Too bad, because I really liked the idea of a healthier potato chip. I would not buy these again.
Plocky's chips are made of several whole grains and have a touch of sweetness.  They are a little lower in fat and sodium than regular tortilla chips.  The flavor out performs any tortilla chip I have ever eaten.  They hold up great to salsas and dips.  Nothing wimpy about them.  I just wish the company made a bigger bag!  Love them.  Usually found in the organic foods section of the grocery, but seem to be difficult to obtain as the shelf is always empty.  Order by the case.  You'll be glad you did as they disappear fast.
I love these chips and ordered them after I had some in Florida.  My case of chips came without any packing inside.  All bags in a box with no cushioning at all.  Needless to say most of the chips were broken and I would not order them again.  A great item but if they can't package to aid in minimal chip breakage then one is wasting their money.
I received this chips in a gift basket and absolutely loved them. I searched high and low, but was unable to find them until I saw them here. I immediately ordered a case. These chips are light, crispy, flavorful, and good for you. I love them with dip, in chili, or just plain. Once you try them, you'll be hooked!
These chips are truly amazing. They have it all. They're light, crisp, great tasting, nice texture, AND they're all natural... AND low in fat and sodium! Need I say more? I recently bought a bag of them at a regular grocery store, and couldn't belive my taste buds. That's why I excited why I saw them here on Amazon, and decided to buy a case!
These are the most fantastic chips I've ever had!  I could eat the whole bag myself!  They're made with lots of whole grain and beans, and make a complete protein, so I have no qualms about feeding them to my kids as snacks.  They are great!  The only problem I have with them:  The bag is too small!!!  We need a bigger bag!! :)
I did not like these potatoe chips. It's hot, and sweet, with an overwhelming taste of garlic. It's also a bit salty.
They did a very good job with shipping the order quickly....Nothing like Ace Hardware who took a week to ship
Long story short - these are very tasty. We have purchased a number of flavors from this brand, this is my favorite.<br /><br />BUT... as noted by another reviewer - these contain MSG in the form of "Yeast Extract".<br /><br />It has become a popular means of hiding MSG lately by calling it different things, as a person who now finds himself having to use more caution in what I consume I find the whole process of hiding in plain site very bothersome.<br /><br />Also, the bag is not very large, but half of it is air. This may well help in shipping, but when paying a premium price for 'organic' it just seems more deceptive.
Wonderful candy, hard to find.  I got a huge bag and put it in freezer.  It came shipped nicely in a sturdy box and heavy plastic. Just great!
I bought thi9s for my dad for a surprise birthday present because he could not find them any where else!!
So surprised to find the Taiwan-shaped pineapple cakes, they are so cute!<br />I've never found any pineapple cake like this at our local Asian supermarkets, so I ordered some from here. These lovely pastries made our Dragon Boat Festival party much more fun. My friends and I think it is a good idea to  order them again for our Mid-Autumn Festival party.
I really like the pineapple shortcakes sold here. Unlike some of the mass-production pineapple shortcakes that use artificial flavoring, Tasselfield's pineapple shortcakes use real pineapples and it makes the whole world difference. You can even taste the fibers from pineapple.<br /><br />I opted for the traditional pineapple this time. I will be interested in trying out the Longan or mango variety next time.
I purchased this 24 pack of Big Ass soda and only got 23. Immediately I was all like "Oh man, this is gonna suck!". Regardless of the quantity error though, it sure kicked some red.<br /><br />Everyone in my town absolutely loves it. I highly recommend along with other soda, Voltages.<br /><br />-Malcom
Well being the big red fan that I am, I bought some of this. First of all let me tell you the price is amazing, I mean where else can you get this type of deal in Saudi Arabia. Everyone in village loved it, of course now they are wondering when the next shipment will get it.
Expiration date 1-13. Smashed and. stale. edible, not real enjoyable for the price I paid, One of the best pretzel's I had when<br />i purchased them from Publix. They stopped carrying them, I must find another addiction.
This cinnamon cake loaf has a wonderful natural flavor.  It's moist and tender and a great little sweet treat when you want something that isn't terribly bad for your diet.  It's delicious!
Unfortunately having ordered quite a few of these previously, I neglected to not look for the word: "supreme" in this offer and since I was then receiving free shipping had 4 delivered. We (that is my husband, guests and me)knew immediately that these were different from those previously enjoyed. BUT, currently Amazon featured the "supreme" babka and now I am awaiting to receive these. In the future, I will read more carefully.
I opened the can and immediately became concerned when I saw what looked like dried white crust, rather than fluffy frosting.  The package recommended stirring before use, so I gave that a try and under the crust was an indescribable gelatinous goo.  The best I can equate it to is a white version of the blue goop the mother serves for dinner in "Better of Dead" (no raisins in it though!).<br />I tried to stir it together and the end result was gelatinous goo with white crusties in it.  When lifting the knife to spread it long strings on goo trailed from my knife.<br />I opted for making my own frosting instead - very easy!  A little Sprectrum palm shortening, a lot of powdered sugar, a tiny splash of vanilla, a tiny bit of salt, and rice milk as needed for consistency, beat for 5 minutes, and I had the fluffy 'butter' cream frosting I thought I'd get from Cherrybrook.<br /><br />I wonder if our can was overheated in the store (whole foods) or something...<br />I've read positive reviews of their frosting mix, so maybe I'll try that next time.
Well, I opened it and it is grayish sticky mess. I'm so mad at myself for wasting my money, and not trying to make it from scratch at home. Which would probably end up better and cheaper. Oh well, live and learn!
I love Cherrybrook Kitchen and have tried almost all of their products.  I was excited to try the Ready to Spread frosting, as I do not usually keep the needed ingredients on hand for their box frosting.  I am not a picky eater, especially if the item contains sugar... but this was horrible!  The consistency is absolutely nothing like regular canned frosting.  It is not light and fluffy.  It is very gooey.  I cannot even imagine trying to spread it on a cake - it would rip it to pieces because it is so thick and gooey.  I did not even try it on a cake, because the taste and texture were so off-putting.  Seriously, do not waste your money!
This product was such a disappointment!  As all the other reviewers said, it's a gluey, sticky texture more akin to Elmer's Glue than to an edible food product.  The flavor was sickening sweet.  I actually thought that the frosting had spoiled.  It was that bad!  Save yourself the time and $$ (I paid $4.99) and make your own frosting or go with another brand.  Cherrybrook cake and cookie mixes are so good.  It's hard to believe they even sell this.
I am glad I found this on the reduced rack for 99c. The taste was not bad but no way I could frost my cake. It stuck to the knife,ran down in strings,what a mess. I too thought I had gotten a bad batch.My GDs birthday cake looks like crap. Who would buy this mess. Horrible
I recently purchased this on sale at my local grocery store... now I know why it was on sale!<br /><br />This is not a fluffy, creamy white frosting you'd expect to find when opening the jar. Now, I wasn't expecting it to be just like Betty Crocker, but it was pretty bad. Like others said, it is a gluey/tacky mess that would completely ruin a cake if you tried to spread it on.  It reminds me of taffy that hasn't quite hit the right stage in the candy making process.  The taste isn't that great either, and it's sickeningly sweet (even for frosting).  The only thing it might be used for is a frosting for cinnamon buns?  I still don't think it would be the right consistency...
I can honestly say this is the worst frosting we have ever bought. It's kind of generous to call it frosting, it has more the consistency of rubber cement. And since we were in a time crunch, we didn't have the luxury of going back out to the store for a different frosting, so we forged ahead and decorated a cake with it. Horrible experience, bad enough to put us off cake decorating forever. It spread about as easily as chewing gum, stuck to everything it came in contact with, and got crumbs of the cake mixed up in it. On top of all this, it didn't even taste good. By the time we were done decorating, we knew there was no way we could feed this mess to our family. So we ended up going to the store anyway to buy a pre-made cake. Our cake, which took twice as long to decorate because this stuff is so gooey, was used as a centerpiece. A really ugly centerpiece, that cracked and peeled as the frosting dried.
I work in college Financial Aid and keep a bowl of these on my desk for the students.  I used to buy them in the grocery store then learned I could get them for less online ($17 for 3lb bag) and thought that was a good deal - until I found this GREAT deal!
Well worth the money. I did the calculations on different bags and this dollar amount  is an excellent value. There are approx 2338 pops in the box. So far I've been through about half the box and have found about 3 without wrappers. That's pretty good considering. If you need 30lbs of dum-dums go for this product. Enjoy.
This is pretty good canned meat. The sausage I used in dirty rice, the hamburger I used for taco salad, the chicken with wild rice, and the pork with stuffing. the turkey I gave to a neighbor because I don't eat it. The various meats are all pretty good quality and was enough for 3 large portions each can. There weren't large chunks of fat or gristle in any of the cans, which I've experienced plenty with some brands of canned meats. The proportion of liquids to meat was fair too, it's not one of those with a spoonful of meat and the rest is liquid either, though it does all need to be cooked and shrinks quite a bit due to high fat content in the meat. None of the meat was seasoned, at all. This is very helpful as the meat can be used with any flavoring. There is a mild "spam"-like texture and taste to the meats(but way better than spam any day), almost a brine or something, that's why I heavily seasoned it. Don't plan on frying anything in the fat from these meats, it gave everything a slightly rancid, soury taste...no idea why! Due to the higher calories and higher price, I will only stock this as emergency food. I will buy more for that reason.
Bear with me while I do amazon's work for them and copy from the Lakewood website:<br />---------------------------------------<br />Nutrition Facts<br />32oz UPC 042608460503<br /><br />Serving Size 8 oz<br />Serving Size 240 ml<br />Amount Per Serving<br />Calories 125  Calories from Fat 25<br />% Daily Value*<br />Total Fat 3.5g  6%<br />Saturated Fat 0.5g  4%<br />Trans Fat 0g<br />Cholesterol 0mg  0%<br />Potassium 370mg  10%<br />Sodium 25mg  1%<br />Total Carbohydrate 28g  9%<br />Dietary Fiber 4g  16%<br />Sugars 21g<br />Protein 2g<br /><br />Omega 3 40mg, Omega 6 600mg, Omega 9 2400mg, Vitamin A 20%, Vitamin C 100%, Calcium 6%, Iron 8%, Vitamin E 6%, Vitamin B1 (Thiamin) 6%, Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin) 4%, Niacin 6%, Vitamin B6 8%, Folate 8%, Magnesium 8%, Zinc 2%, Phosphorous 4%, Vitamin K 15%,<br />*Percent Daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet<br /><br />Ingredients<br />Certified Organic Juice Blend (Organic Acai, Organic Apple, Organic Concord Grape, Organic Grape, Organic Pomegranate, Organic Blackberry, Organic Blueberry, Organic Red Tart Cherry, And Organic Acerola Cherry From Concentrate); Organic Goji Berry, Natural Fiber (Organic Guar, Xanthan, Carrageenan, Sodium Alginate And Organic Locust Bean), And Organic Rose Hip.<br /><br />Gluten FREE* Casein FREE GMO FREE*<br />100% Fruit Juices are Gluten-Free<br />---------------------------------------<br /><br />This is an excellent Lakewood juice- they call it juice but it's as thick as an Odwalla drink like a smoothie. With all that's in it, this is a very good value. Considering you can pay as much for any one of the ingredients in it. My personal use is to add this to kombucha, maximizing it's longevity that way, I've tried many but this one is the best for kombucha. They say an 8oz glass has 2 servings of fruit on the Lakewood website. It's quite tasty in that it's not too sweet, very thick textured even with the tiny bits of seed in it reminiscent of a banana smoothie. The ingredient list is somewhat confusing but note that only the Acerola Cherry is from concentrate, everything else is fresh pressed. Acai is very high on the ORAC scale of anti-oxidants, Rose Hips are also very high, everything else is in the mid to high range of fruit. Pomegranate has many beneficial properties beyond just anti-oxidants as well, it's a noteworthy fighter of heart disease and Alzheimer's type dementia. Considering the price of Goji berries I really like their inclusion in this drink, albeit at a lesser level.<br /><br />BTW: Amazon had only 1 day wait before shipping.
A watered down perversion of the acai berry.<br /><br />This juice comes on strong and harsh.  With tart aftertaste and no texture.<br /><br />That's because it is mostly apple juice, grape juice, pomegranate juice, blackberry juice, blueberry juice, and tart cherry juice.  Oh yeah there is some acai berry juice mixed into this concoction.<br /><br />You shall not find that distinctive  smooth chocolaty acai flavor here.  There is no milky mouth pleasing texture neither.  For that exotic unique acai experience try Zola or Samzon  brands.<br /><br />I'm not saying that this Lakewood juice product isn't nutritious.  That's not my point.  I'm saying that it's a juice blend that does not taste anything like the real acai juice.
This product is made by Annie's Inc. in Berkely, CA--made in the USA.  The product maintains excellent organic integrity, and it is stored in 100% recycled paperboard packaging.<br /><br />The manufacturers also support family farms - use organic milk, butter, and yogurt.  The product takes approximately 10 min. to prepare.  The product contains dairy and wheat, and it has been exposed to equipment that also processes egg and soy products.<br /><br />The ingredients include organic whole wheat shell pasta, organic valley organic cheddar cheese (organic cultured pasteurized milk, salt, non-animal enzymes), organic whey, salt, and sodium phosphate.<br /><br />This is a mildly flavored whole wheat macaroni & cheese dinner.  This mac and cheese is a wonderful comfort food.  The pasta is firm, and it has an excellent flavor.<br /><br />There are no artificial flavors, synthetics colors, or preservatives.  The pasta was produced without antibiotics, synthetic hormones, or persistent pesticides.<br /><br />This pasta is simple to make and it has a wonderful texture.  There are 2.5 servings per box (2.5 oz).  Each serving contains 250 cal., 4.5 g fat, sat. 2 g fat, 10 mg cholest., 570 mg sodium, 43 g carb., 5 g fiber, 6 g sugars, 9 g protein.<br /><br />However, the cheese envelop is not exactly sufficient even when you add the butter, milk, or yogurt.  To add that wonderful rich smooth cheese flavor that accompanies mac and cheese, you will have to add your own organic cheese.<br /><br />The cheese packet falls flat on flavor and it does not contain a sufficient amount to coat the pasta.  I give this mac and cheese a 5/5 on packaging, 5/5 for maintain organic integrity, 5/5 on texture, and a 2/5 for flavor.
If this flavor lasted longer than it does, I'd probably die of starvation for lack of wanting to take it out of my mouth.
this gum is super sick.tatooes are killin.flavor is a spankin'.this brings back bomb diggity memories yo.peace out.
My husband and I were very disappointed in this coffee, very weak, watery cup of coffee. A definite waste of $13.00.
This is pretty good regular style soy sauce.  But it is not super-wonderful-better than any other good quality soy sauce you can buy in an Asian market.  The main value is as a unique gift.<br />  In the Japanese soy sauce world, there are 4 types: regular, mild (usukuchi), for raw fish (sashimi) and light colored.  Bluegrass soy sauce is regular style.  Compared to Kikoman (a good commercial brand that is widely available) Bluegrass starts saltier, is flat in the middle, then ends with a complex & interesting flavor.  Kikoman is less salty initially and has a round, full flavor in the middle.  Doesn't have the complex ending flavors.  For me, the initial saltiness of Bluegrass is a minus and Kikoman's full middle flavor is a plus.  I prefere Kikoman, especially for dipping sushi where the flavor is more direct.  But I lived in Japan for many years and am used to the standard Japanese flavor.  I haven't tried Bluegrass blended in other food as a background flavor, which is how soy sauce is usually used.<br />  Bluegrass is a perfectly good soy sauce.  Each brand has a different flavor and everyone has their favorite.  If you want a unique Kentucky gift for an Asian friend, this is different than the standard bottle of Bourbon or box of chocolate.
I watched an episode o "How Things are Made" on Discovery Channell and saw Bluegrass Soy Sauce featured.  On a whim, I ordered a bottle.  It took several weeks to arrive, but when it did - what a surprise.  My teenage son wanted to try it, and did.  He loved it immediately.  Now he puts it on many things. My wife and I were very pleasantly surprised and liked it very much.  In the past, I made many trips to the Far East and developed a real liking for Soy Sauce (where virtually all of it is made).  What a treat to find a handmade American product, that competes with (and wins), against a Japanese/Chinese national staple!
My bottle arrived just in time for a sushi dinner and game night planned with friends.  I had three soy sauces to choose from.  After some sampling we were all using the Bluegrass!  Everyone enjoyed the light smoothness a subtle sweetness.  We were splashing right on every piece, rather that dunking/dipping. Friends wanted to know where I found it. I'm going back to order more right now, and I'll be ordering 3 extra bottles because they are going to make a great little gift that's affordable and unique; instead of the traditional bottle of wine that so common it's boring.
If you enjoy the flavor of soy you will really like this.<br /><br />Plus its hand made in the good ole USA.
I recently acquired a bottle of this and was immediately impressed.  It has good flavor without all the excessive saltiness of supermarket brands.  I've used it for marinades and dipping sauces in addition to straight use and in all cases it has added a little something extra.  Quite a surprise to find an American made soy sauce that tastes this good!
This soy sauce is the best we have ever had.  Thanks to Amazon, we were able to find it again.  It makes a big difference when using this product.  Thanks again
This is the most delicious soy sauce I have ever tasted.  I will surely order it again.  Such deep flavor.
Saw this on How it is made, which was a very interesting process.<br />Decided to give it a try, I really enjoy the flavor it adds.<br />Looking forward to trying it on several more dishes.<br />Thanks to those who brewed it!
most soy sauce is from Japan but they are having problems with radiation in their soy bean fields. I am not sure how long the contamination will last. I like the idea this product claims no GMO seeds. yea  You pay more but decided not to take a chance on Japan.
I'm pleased with these- wasn't sure how they'd be able to replicate the autumn classic flavors of caramel apples, but figured Werther's was a good bet.  I'm diabetic, so wolfing down a real caramel apple when the mood strikes just can't happen as often as I'd like to do so.  But these are tasty enough to get me through until I can 'carb budget'  the real thing. These are made with sugar alcohols, so it's wise to limit how many are eaten in a day unless you're going to be near home and have turbo-flush on your toilet.  (TMI???)  This pack of 6 will last a while, but they're definitely a 'will reorder'.  :)
This item, WERTHER'S SUGAR FREE HARD CANDY, if consumed, will give you - or your friends, loose bowels. I purchased 12 bags and discovered more than a bowel problem: You can't return them. Need a laxative? I have ten unopened bags you can have - for free.
This is a bold blend that has a great taste. The flavor comes bursting through. I usually brew & drink Organic Sumatra Mandeling from BJ's. I use this blend exclusively, so to get a cup that rivals the complex flavor from my Tassimo brewer is fantastic. Come on Amazon add it to the subscription service.
We've tried many Tassimo flavors.  This is by far our favorite.  Our normal cup of coffee is Starbuck's house blend out of a Cuisinart pot but one or two days a week we use our Tassimo.  This coffee is rich but not too stong.  I don't understand the current price over $20 for 14 disks and hope that it will be lowered on Amazon.  For now, we'll buy elsewhere.
This is one of the best choices, in my opinion.  I also adore Amazon, but they need to negotiate a better price for their Tassimo Disks.  These are available at BedBath & Beyond for $10. and I always get 20% off which brings it down to $8.00 --- they were $7.50 (before the 20% off readily available coupons) until about 3 months ago.  Again, this is an excellent blend with full flavor - not bitter - I think it's my favorite.
I have tried about 75% of the available T-Discs, and the Kona Blend is one of the best regular/unflavored coffees for Tassimo. It has a nice smooth flavor that is not overpowering, and has a pleasant aroma. Personally, I would enjoy it more if it were stronger/bolder. However, being a bit mild, it goes well with breakfast and/or (gluten-free) baked goodies. I find it mildly perplexing that this product is not available from tassimodirect, nor is a subscription service available. Originally found this at (Dead Bats from) Beyond, used a 20% coupon, and was happy with the final price.
This coffee is good but, for me, it's nothing special. I will buy it again because it's a nice, mellow blend, and my favorite daily coffee, Nabob, must now be shipped from Canada. However, on my first order to the Canadian company, it's taking a long time to be delivered (still haven't gotten it).<br /><br />The reason for only three stars is not about the quality of the coffee but the fact that the description of the product does not mention the fact that this "Kona coffee" is actually only 15% Kona. If you look very carefully at the photo of the disc, you can see that information, and there's a legal disclaimer saying that the product may not match exactly with the description. So it's my fault for not reading more carefully, but I was happy to see what I thought was 100% Kona and wasn't careful. I've bought the 15% Kona before in a local store and did know that there was such a product in the Tassimo discs, but I just read the product title and ordered.<br /><br />As I said, the coffee tastes good, the amount of coffee is the usual amount, neither the small cups of some European coffees or the extra large size, and I would recommend the coffee. Just be aware that this is blended coffee with only 15% Kona. And don't expect it to come in a flash, as it did when Amazon Prime delivered it.
Of all the coffee's available for Tassimo this Kona has the richest flavor and fantastic aroma by<br />far my favorite.
I think these are my favorite cookies ever. Really light and creamy. Too bad you can no longer find them anywhere for less than two-hundred count! I don't think I need THAT many.
This kind of tea not good ....!Taste and smell so wear it's not like tea ,and feel like some thing chemical.
The Milka Naps Mix Gift Box is a fun, unique gift for those tired of Whitman's and the usual American brands. Nothing wrong with Whitman's, but sometimes a change of look and flavor is nice.<br /><br />As a sampler, it provides only a few of the Milka options. Four flavors are here: noisette, hazelnuts, alpine milk and strawberry. All are delicious, though I don't like strawberry/chocolate (in any candy) personally, and give those away to eager friends. The Naps box are perfect for coffee tables and as a standalone dish at work.<br /><br />Milka and its famous purple cow, is owned by Kraft, is an eastern European chocolate originally produced in Switzerland and is available in Germany, Austria, Hungary and other nearby countries.<br /><br />Distribution is still weak in the United States, but can be found increasingly in larger cities. Usually, then, it is found only in international grocery stores, though it pops up in eclectic grocers from time to time. It has been around 100 years. Whether or not Kraft will change the recipe has yet to be seen. For now, the texture and taste are better than Hershey's and Nestle. It is a smoother, creamier basic chocolate.<br /><br />I fully recommend the Milka Naps Mix Gift Box.<br /><br />Anthony Trendl<br />editor, HungarianBookstore.com
I ordered for my dad for fathers day and he ate the whole box within two days.<br />He said it tasted really good, now I want to order some for myself, haha.
Great candy and our family loved it.  It was smaller than I imagined it and I thought it was expensive for how small it was.  However, I am in Germany and can get it easier here.  The shipping to the USA makes it expenive.  Great product and fun for our USA family to receive.
I eat mustard with everything, this is hands down THE BESt mustard I have ever tried, in fact everyone I tell to try some, falls in love with it as well. Spicy, tasty, real quality.<br />If you like spicy mustard, you will love this.
The laddoos turned bad in a few days after we received it. No other item inside our fridge turned bad.
This product works wonders if you have stomach issues.  I would buy again once I need more. :0)
Bought this at a local specialty-item store because I adore chutney.  Because of the higher price and being sold like a gourmet item I wrongly thought it would be better than the affordable brands sold at the supermarket.  Wrong.  It is mostly gel (jelly) with a few fruits sprinkled throughout and tastes like cheap thickened jelly you put on sandwiches...I've had much better and that's just talking about the supermarket brands.  Very disappointed.  Money does not buy quality.
Our ferret loves this rabbit; it's a nice high protein treat in addition to his regular Evo ferret diet. The price was reasonable compared to our local pet store, which doesn't often have this item in stock.
My son made this.  He didn't have the patience to be precise about the water temperature and when, half an hour before it was done, it appeared not to have risen at all--I feared for the worse.  Determined to be polite, I agreed to have a sandwich using the bread.  It was amazing.  Apparently it rises during the baking or something.<br /><br />Great tangy flavor (perfect for a meat sandwich imho) and not heavy at all.  Fortunately we had lots of deli meats, since the whole loaf disappeared within the hour.<br /><br />We've had all but the sourdough peasant bread so far; I'm sure that will be delicious as well.
These were great - just as described. Used them for a bee-themed party, and now we use them as "to go" packs of honey for our coffee and tea.
This is NOT Disco Dust which is edible and made for baking. DO NOT purchase this product for such purposes!
I was very happy with the quick shipping as i needed it for a school product for my daughter but when it came in the roof was broken and the corner of the house was broken. I couldn't send it back as i needed for a project.
Really easy project for family fun anytime not just for Christmas. Just put icing between cookies and stack. Then ice outside and decorate. Great for all ages. Strawberry licorice rope looks like stuck together but just find end and unwind.<br /><br />* CAUTION UNDER 3** Small hard candy decorations swallowing hazard.<br /><br />Comes with everything you need except bowls an spoons.<br />contains :<br />cookie pieces<br />Large bag yellow colored icing ( East to mix with just fork, you add water slowly as to not get to thin)<br />small white icing bag (you add water slowly)<br />green color to add to small amount of white<br />3 clear decorator<br />4 plastic decorator tips ( can save to reuse)<br />small bead candy for decoration 9chokign hazard)<br />strawberry licorice rope<br />1 small tube of orange writing icing<br />Hard candy wreath decoration about 2" diameter<br />Gummy Spongebob about 4" tall<br />Gummy Patrick about 4" tall<br /><br />Icing set up hard so when you go to eat  it has to be pried apart in pieces. Cookies do get a little softer in the middle.<br /><br />Make anytime of year. Leave off wreat and Patrick and cut out Spongebob's head so does not look like chirstmas.
My son is a SB fanatic so I was so excited to find this for the 2010 holiday season as every year we do some version of gingerbread. I knew by reading reviews that there wouldn't be enough yellow frosting so I whipped up so edible glue (water and confectionery sugar) to hold the levels of gingerbread that make the pineapple and save the yellow frosting for the outside - this worked great. It was a really fun idea that we enjoyed creating. The licorice was worthless though...
this isn't as easy as it looks, doesn't came with enough yellow frosting, and the frosting doesn't stick very well. My 5 year old did like making it though.
I am a preschool teacher and do a G is for Gingerbread unit every January. I was on vacation during Christmas and when I got back not a gingerbread kit was to be found. Which is odd. I needed one for my preschool class and needed it in less then a week. I looked everywhere and could not find ont. So I had one overnighted from Amazon on NYE and it came yesterday. I pick this one because of the Rudolph theme. The gingerbread itself came broken. Like unable to use would need a glue gun to get it to work broken. It's non returnable. I called Amazon, they were nice enough to order me a second one since I spend a ton of money each year with them. This one also came broken. I order A LOT from Amazon and things do not come broken. I think only one time have I had returned something because it was broken in 100's of orders. But two of the same thing in a row?! I think it's the kit itself and nothing to do with how it was shipped. I will say most come UPS and overnight comes Fed Ed. But it's bubble wrapped very well. I think the gingerbread isn't good and cracks in shipping and breaks off. The rest of the kit is very cute. The first kit the candies had spilled out and where a mess in the box. But the second kit while the gingerbread was all broken up again the candies were all in their bags. Too bad. But I would try something else, stay away from this one.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this item had been delivered the day after my order, my speediest delivery to date. It probably helps my location is near. Everything looks just as described and pictured and I'm very happy to have done business with this seller. The Gingerbread house was carefully packaged as not to harm the fragile pieces inside. I'm excited to give this item as a gift.
These cookies were fun to paint but not too tasty to eat!<br />The kids did not really care much, but it might have been<br />more fun if they could have eaten them.<br /><br />They really had fun coloring them!
I was disappointed in this product because I thought it would be bigger.<br />Also, it did not come with enough icing. I had to use my own.
The whole idea of a Spongebob Ginger Bread Pineapple is really great, but the sticker that says "Use By" Has a 10 JN 16 date on it. If thats 2010- this is not good! I think it would be fun to make and a cute decoration, but my son is going to want to eat it.  The least the seller could do is to check the expiration date! Its right on the front of the box! Not happy at all!!!
This tea carries the flavor one would expect from the smell: terrible.  It invigorates like a puncture wound, and the only revival is that, after drinking, you discover that you are still alive.<br /><br />Well, one tea bag was enough for me.  My mother-in-law said, "Oh, that smells kind of like wine."  Okay, kind of like wine, with a hint of rot and a moldy aftertaste.  If she likes it, she can have the whole box.
If it were possible to give this product zero stars, I would have done so.  I am a huge fan of Twinings teas, and was very excited to try this new blend.  After arriving home from the grocery, I immediately started the kettle to enjoy a cup while prepping dinner.  Between sorting, washing, and chopping items, the hot water was added to the bag to steep.  Preparation continued, until a distinctly off odor hit me.  I thought one of my ingredients must be rancid!  I hunted around for almost four minutes before I realized it was the tea.  Even after cleaning up, and airing out the kitchen, my roommate later came in and asked about the smell.  Save your money to purchase ANY other Twinings product.
This tea is the best tea i've ever had. i first tasted it in norway, and had to find it in the states. i have it every morning.
I love the aroma and the taste of the fruit and vanilla combo, and the addition of ginseng for an added energy boost rounds this tea out nicely for me. It's a sweet tea, which makes it a wonderful healthy alternative to desert after dinner.<br /><br />I see that others didn't like it, but it's really a matter of personal taste...different courses for different horses!
The best chocolate in the world, in this critic's humble opinion, is made in the United States. And the best chocolate in the United States is made in California, by the Ghirardelli Chocolate Company. It is surely the best chocolate that one can find in so many stores, malls, etc. throughout the United States. Their actual stores are rare, but Kroger, Wal-Mart, Martin's (formerly Ukrops) and a long list of other grocery stores and many malls stock their products.<br /><br />I have never encountered milk chocolates with caramel filling to surpass the quality of these. These are chocolates deserving of poetry. You can eat them quickly, or take your time and savor every moment of eating every one. The choice is up to you.
This is a good quality brand of chocolate with many flavours of which this is just one. Very tasty and a fast delivery too
My mother and father were the recipient of these wonderful pieces of chocolate heaven.  They didn't believe they deserved receiving these, but I know they did deserve to receive these!
This is the best caramel/chocolate combination I have ever tasted. The caramel is liquid and complements the Ghiradelli chocolate perfectly. Do not try this brew if you are attempting to lose weight - you will end up an addict like me.<br />  The Ghiradelli product is far better than the Caramello/Hershey product in every way. The Caramello chocolate lacks the refined taste of the Ghiradelli squares, and the Caramello caramel is harder and not as sublime in taste. Comparing the two is like comparing Warren Buffett to myself in terms of wealth. Unfortunately I am the Caramello bar in this regard.<br />  At the very least try the Ghiradelli.
Of course, we all know how delicious Ghirardelli chocolate is!!!! Unfortunately, after I purchased two of these gift bags online, I found them in a local store for half the price. Lesson learned???!!!
This chocolate treat is a great gift and it arrived right when I expected it to. I gave it to my girlfriend as a surprise gift and she absolutely loved it.
the first time i ordered this it came all melted but amazon was quick to remedy the situation by sending me another of the product and it was great thank you
Are people really paying 10 bucks for these chocolates??? ummmm go to any grocery store and by them for 2.98 a bag..wow
Low calorie and satisfying. These soups are a nice fill in when you don't want too much but don't want to be hungry for a few hours.
This was really a disappointment. While the products included are fine, the real disappointment was the travel mug. It is a cheap plastic cup with the nutritional information for the cookies on it! So it is basically just a cookie package! Yeah, that is really what I want to use as a travel mug. I agree with the review that it looks like it came from a dollar store. The product description says the polka dot tumbler is "definitely a keeper." What? It is simply cheap packaging! Not something of quality to enjoy. Had I known that I would not have purchased the set. I really was looking forward to using the cute looking mug on a daily basis. I like the products inside and the basket is OK, but really this what not what it appeared to be.
It looks pretty, but the contents are very minute and seem to not be of very high quality. There's a plastic cup for the tea that looks like it came from a dollar store. The basket is nice, though.
Purchased this as a gift for my mother when it was a lightning deal.  She was very happy and loved the basket.  She enjoyed the cookies and the flavors of tea that were included.  Shipped quick and arrived when expected.
Received very quickly and extremely well packaged.  Since this is a smaller sized basket, it would be an adorable present for anyone who likes tea, for self or just to have to hand.  Very nicely assembled with attention to detail.
These small chocolate cups are a specialty party item that I have never been able to find in the past when I wanted them.  Amazon now provides a link.  They can be used for what are commonly called "jello shots," and provide a solid edible alternative to small paper cups.
I bought these chocolate liquor cups for a party! It was a big hit. They are high quality and a good buy.
Great for serving Chocolate liquor. Adds a touch of class to your event and elevates you to host supreme. Being able to eat the cup afterwards is just icing on the cake.
Delicious chocolate cups, each in its own aluminum holder.  I could not find these in any local store, so was happy to find them on-line.<br />Most people are unaware of them, so they are impressed when I serve them a little cordial or other liquor in a chocolate cup.  After sipping the<br />liquor, you can eat the cup.  What could be nicer?  Excellent product.
The holiday liquor cups were exactly what I was looking for.  The chocolate is<br />delicious and holds up well to the liquors
strawberry twist has a long-lasting pleasant flavor SWEET-but, not excessively so. delivery is timely and price is just right. Supieror to other TRIDENT flavors! Though, SPEARMINT isn't bad either. My next pick would be blueberry
Trident "Strawberry Twist" sugarless gum is very disappointing, both in taste and consistency. The strawberry flavor is very artificial tasting and, though I guess it is a good thing, not very long lasting. The gum also gets "stringy" fairly quickly.<br /><br />I chew a lot of gum, but will not be buying this flavor again.<br /><br />Not Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
Besides that mentioned in the title, the only other remarks I have about it is the price is hard to beat, the taste is akin to a Flintstone strawberry vitamin (for those of you that have tasted them), and taste lasts for not very long.  I'd say, on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 lasting an extraordinary amount of time this would be a 3.  Also, the taste really diminishes to a subdued sweet after a very short amount of time.
I love this flavor and I cant find it on the shelves anymore. The gum tasted fresh which is actually way better than when I used to buy it in stores!
If some other yahoo deems it ok to give give a suck review to this stuff because he doesn't like the taste, I feel I must assert that in this -as in all matters of taste- "De Gustibus Non Disputandem Est".<br /><br />I really love this gum. OK it doesn't really taste like strawberry, but it's still delicious. It has a wonderfully smooth consistency about halfway through, but then it gets tired, stuff, and squeaky.<br /><br />You'll forgive the squeaks perhaps when you find, as I did, that this stuff is a wonderful dietetic aid. By obsessively chewing this product I filled my gut with odorless room air and so helped me lose 25# in 3 months.<br /><br />Also, it doesn't lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight.
BEST DOG FOOD ON THE MARKET TODAY.  HAD NUMEROUS EAR PROBLEMS WITH OUR COCKER SPANIEL AND THEY HAVE CLEARED UP SINCE TAKING THIS FOOD.
My father could no longer take care of his beloved 6 year old Cocker Spaniel, so I decided to take her into my family. When I brought her to NYC she had ear and eye discharge. She was also  slightly overweight. After a check up with a vet that ruled out infection, I decided to try Royal Canin based on the numerous good reviews.Within a week her ear and eye problems were gone and she dropped a good amount of weight. This is going to be the only food that we will be feeding her!
Our Spaniel has tried several foods in her 6 years, and this is the only one she will eat by itself without any "people food" being added (of course, we still treat her occasionally).  When we went in for our 12 month tooth-cleaning appointment, the vet told us to take her home as her teeth didn't need any cleaning for another 6 months, at least.  It is specially designed for their teeth and health needs, and she loves it.  And it is actually cheaper here than at the fancy pet store!  What more could you ask?
Royal Canin was recommended for my dog, but since this line of dog food is specific to breed, it was difficult to find in stores.  PetsMart and Petco carried the Cocker Spaniel formula but only in smaller bags which is much more expensive on a per ounce ratio.  Finding a larger bag has been a great deal.  My cocker loves the food too!
This is food especially designed for Cocker spaniels who have a range of health issues...I have been using this product with three of my dogs and all of them are very happy with it. It also is packaged very well and as a result stays fresh for a long period of time. Great product!
I tired many different dog foods over the 3 yrs I have my cocker spaniel. I then came upon this breed specific dog food & figured I'd try it. My dog loves this food and always finishes his food. I've used this for over 1 yr now & he has not tired of it. I have seen a significant change (for the better) in him, he's more active and doing well.<br /><br />I only buy this brand food for him now.<br /><br />Buster gives it 2 paws up & I give it 5 stars.
I bought this for my one year old Cocker. However all the dogs love it. All their coats look better, they all shed less, eat less, use the bathroom less, my Cocker used to have this one chronic ear since the time I have had her as a puppy that it just gave her problems. It seems to have cleared up, no more smell. Her eyes give her less problems. And my 7yr old Yorkie he eats less, he used to throw up all the time had the most sensitive tummy. Our black lab mix, hot spots and she would just lick her fur off. All these great changes in a matter of a month.  I do mix it roughly 50/50 with Naturals dog food blend.  They are doing great.<br /><br />Sept 2012<br />I love this breed specific food, however I just went to place my next bi-monthly order and I am shocked at the price hike in just over a month!  I paid<br />$41.79 on Aug 3 for a 25lb bag and here it is Sept 20Th and the price has is now $53.94, a difference of $12.15 in price!  This is a huge amount to go up considering that I am assuming this is a price gouge; due to the speculation over crops :( I will look to my local vet for this product. I can get a large bag now less at Petco as well with the discounts they offer. They will order a larger bag if you ask.
fast and great service, my Cavashon Loves this low fat dog food. Thanks. Arrived in great condition, thank you thank you thank you
We are Chocolate Moose & Mickey Moose,<br /><br />Our nice owner bought this great food for us.  We love it very much, I have gained 5 lbs. because I eat all of Mickey's food when he isn't looking!  Our skin and fur is much better now too.  :)
My 7 year old Cocker Spaniel loves this food and it's good for him -- he needs to lose a few pounds and this is doing the trick.  Glad I found it on Amazon.  Hard to find elsewhere.
My 50lb bag of oatmeal seemed like way too much, but as time went on I found more and more uses for it. I have so many recipes that I make weekly that I'm running out! This is a very high quality oatmeal and much cheaper and better than anything I've found in the grocery store.
Better than organic oats advertised elsewhere. Takes lots of water. These are not minute oats, so my oatmeal cookies come out right, not all crumbly and soggy. (Instant oats have their place, but not in cookies).
Honeyville Rolled Oats is a delicious product.  I am using them to make a product designed to increase and enrich the milk production in lactating mothers.<br />The oats were shipped to me in a timely fashion and the amazing thing is I only paid $4.99 shipping for 50lbs of oats!  I encourage anyone who likes oats to order Honeyville Rolled Oats.  Their flavor is above all the rest.
Nice flavor, not too bitter.  We really like this coffee.  We have been searching for a coffee that pleases the whole family's tastes and this is the one.
The US made version of this Cadbury chocolate has a distinct taste from the UK version of the chocolate which I have been eating since childhood. I did not like this new taste. To all my friends from India -- buy this chocolate if it is either made in UK or India; otherwise you will be disappointed as I was.
Cadbury chocolate uses a different formula in each country it is manufactured.  New Zealand is uses more cream than Australia, etc.  This version by Hershey is not what you expect from England, Australia or New Zealand Cadbury.  It does not melt on your tongue like those countries so it tastes differently.<br /><br />If you are looking for the silky smooth easy melting chocolate find the non Hershey version.<br /><br />Hershey has missed an opportunity to introduce high quality Cadbury chocolate to USA.
My first taste of this tea saved my trip home from Santa Cruz, when both the hotel and a restaurant had stale powder in the tea bags.  How I needed my fix!  A tourist stop with a giant artichoke beckoned, and this Chinese Breakfast / Yunnan Black Tea set me straight.<br /><br />Other reviewers have said it tastes odd.  The flavor is strong and a bit smoky, like Darjeeling, only earthier.  Like Darjeeling or Earl Grey, it has enough flavor on its own -- no milk or sugar needed.  But it's expensive by the box of teabags.  Finding it loose in large quantities at this price is fantastic!  It arrived promptly, well-sealed, and true to the label -- unlike some "loose" tea that's actually cut up, this has the whole leaves that unfurl.  Ahhh.
This tea has surpassed all other breakfast teas in this tea-drinking household. We love it and it really starts the morning off right. Perhaps it has more caffeine than our old favorites?? The taste is wonderful without any additions and it will remain our tea of choice in the morning and often throughout the day.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ELL9X6">Numi Organic Tea Chinese Breakfast Yunnan Black Tea, Loose Leaf, 16 oz bag (Pack of 2)</a>I brew iced tea in the refrigerator by the half-gallon with this tea. Excellent. The resealable bags work well, and unopened they protect my large stash, making it easier to manage my subscription.
The taste is harsh as it is a lesser grade of Yunnan. It is ok to drink, but not to really enjoy. I only make it for when I am in the hurry and will not be able to fully enjoy my tea anyway.
I've used maybe half a dozen bags of this tea in the last year and it is a delicious, consistently good quality black tea. Mainly I use it and several other Numi teas in my tea blends for making kombucha.
I grew up on Yunnan tea as a child - it was always my mother's favorite - so I was happy to find an economical source of it of a quality that was great for a "large volume" habitual tea drinker like me. This tea is my daily regular tea. Yunnan is nice in that it will brew dark so you do not need much at a time. It's aromatic and flavorful without any additives. If you want something that is flowery yet more subtle than Earl Grey this Yunnan or a Keemun may be a nice option to explore.
It always amazes me that there are not dozens of reviews here extolling the fine qualities of this tea.  I have drunk it pretty much every day for the last five years and I never get tired of it.  It's an excellent morning tea, is smooth without being insipid, and is almost impossible to ruin by oversteeping. Just use decent water.  I like a little stevia in it, as I'm a wimp. It brings out the natural sweetness of its malty, slightly floral style.  I just bought another two pounds.
I hardly ever write reviews but this tea is quite excellent.  I decided to try it without any sweetener or any other added taste enhancers.  It is flavorful without being overpowering.  It is a great pleasure to have a fine tea like this loose and reasonably priced.  After the first try I have continued to drink it just as it comes.  You can see by the leaves once they are soaked that it is a premium tea.
I read the other reviews before purchasing am pleased that I did. I have purchased other Numi teas and gave generally been happy with all of theri products.
To my mind, a fine caramel should be creamy and melting.  These are grainy.  The flavor on these was fine, although a little sweet to my taste.
Having eaten (and re-eaten) my way though all of the DAS caramel range, this remains my all-time favorite, and the one that usually gets the most rave reviews when I share them (which isn't an easy thing to do - just try one and you'll see what I mean).  I've been a caramel fan for ages, and while Werthers Butterscotch will do in a pinch, nothing has come closer to what my mother used to make than these.  They are chewy, buttery, and the little crunches of salt are spectacular (OK my mother didn't put salt in hers, this is an improvement).
Although I did enjoy the other flavor I ordered a tiny bit more, the Chocolate with walnuts one, this was still a very enjoyable flavor.  Wonderful service from Ms. Das, including a hand signed coupon for a discount on future orders, along with samples of a couple other caramel flavors.  I'd order this or the Chocolate and walnut flavor again for sure, along with more of Das Food's gourmet salt.
This is certainly the best caramels I have ever had.  I just wish it came in bigger pieces.  I finished the whole box in one sitting!  I will certainly buy them again.
Not my idea of a good caramel.  Flavors of ginger and pistachio dominated.  Same for the chocolate walnut and orange honey varieties. I missed the mix of rich, buttery, dairy flavor with caramelized sugar that I expect in caramels.
being an old chemist with a spectrophotometer I am pleased when the chemical is what they say it is this is what they advertized
This baking soda works great for cooking or for health reasons.  I take it for acid indigestion and heart burn.  Just a 1 tsp in a half glass of water and it's gone.  I use it to make my body more alkaline, so it's great for changing your pH level in your body!
I recently started using Bob's Red Mill Baking Soda.  I'm very pleased with it's performance and I can be sure that it is not contaminated with aluminum.  Thanks, Bob!
If you are concerned with an aluminum free product, then this is the product for you.  Too bad that baking SODA does not in any form contain aluminum.  This is, however a concern for baking POWDER which can, depending on manufacturer, contain aluminum.  Save your hard earned money and buy Bob's Red Mill regular baking soda.  Arm & Hammer is great for general cleaning purposes, but for natural beauty and health care, this brand is perfect.<br /><br />Just thought you'd all like to know. I almost fell for it myself until I did a little digging around. :)<br /><br />P.S- So as not to let all of amazon.com-land feel I am one of those "haters who don't really know what they're talking about", I LOVE Bob's Red Mill Co. and shall continue purchasing their excellent products.
The product is of high quality, and has a rich full flavor.<br /><br />Delivery was unexpectedly fast.<br /><br />The only negative I would like to see addressed is that the product is packed in a heavy paper sack. While this may be commonplace, a significant improvement would be to have an inner liner of a heavy weight, food grade, plastic bag that can be sealed after each time you open the bag.  Could be either a zip-lock bag or a twist tie closure... doesn't make any difference... just need a practical way to preserve the freshness of the product and keep the bugs out of it.<br /><br />This is a health and spoilage issue... 50#'s of oatmeal is a lot of product and needs to either be repackaged by the consumer in small food grade bags or containers (very expensive and hard to find}. I am a single senior who likes to buy staple goods in bulk to save money and provide food security.  Long term storage is a big issue with people like me.<br /><br />Thom (Missouri)
I'm happy with the quality of the product and the price. Like the other reviewer, I would prefer if there was a plastic liner to preserve freshness. However, I will continue to buy this product regardless as it is quality oatmeal at a good price.<br /><br />Edit: I'm on my 4th bag, quality continues to be high.
Product is fresh, good and I'm not getting complaints anymore.<br /><br />That's worth the large quantity and shipping charges.<br /><br />Hey, its oatmeal. My favorite!
Good quality oats. Package came on time. Oats worked well in recipes. I will admit, as a single person I bought these oats with my boyfriend for breakfast food- it lasted us for the year.<br /><br />Otherwise it's an excellent buy.
I can't eat these oats, they have a funny taste to them.  My kids also think they taste funny.  My husband thinks they are OK, so he has 50 pounds of oats to eat on his own!
I looooove pocky, got once at lucky's and couldnt stop, its like the chocolate is laced with crack. anywho, the product is good, the only sad thing is that it was shipped or stored in a hot room and the chocolate melted together partially, but it didnt take too much effort to take apart the sticks.<br /><br />Great product, and great price from this merchant!
Of the many purchses I made on Amazon this past December, I was most pleased with the Pocky Chocolate Cream Covered Biscuit Sticks (Pack of 10). They arrived on time, and they were a 'hit' as a surprised gift. Be sure to keep them refridgerated.
Got these for my kids as Christmas stocking stuffers.  They love them.  As far as delivery, the product came in good condition, timely, and was terrific.  Definitely a good buy.
I'm not sure how you review something that's as subjective as taste, but suffice to say that if you like chocolate and graham cracker, you'll like this (it doesn't taste exactly like either of those, but that's the closest analogy for me).  The sticks themselves are a cracker of some kind, dipped in chocolate, with one end left just normal cracker to you don't get your fingers covered in chocolate while eating.<br /><br />Here's some of the nitty gritty details - each of the boxes contain two individually sealed packets, that contain probably 20 or so of the sticks.  The packets themselves are really cleverly designed, with a little slit cut in the folded part, you just grab both sides and pull, and it opens up the package without any hassle - gotta love Japanese product design!  :)  Another nice design touch is that when you open it properly the grabbing-side of the stick is right at the top.<br /><br />Each of the packets has 210 calories (90 from fat), and about 80mg of sodium - so in terms of snacks this is a pretty good option.  It does contain milk, wheat, soybeans and sheanut - so if any of these are an issue for you, then you'll want to pass.  It also says on the packaging that the facility they're manufactured in also processes eggs and peanuts - the product doesn't use either of them, but the disclosure is nice if you're particularly sensitive to either.<br /><br />Overall a great snack at a great price - the 10 pack really is 20 of the packets, so that's quite a few snacks.  One note, if you live in a hot climate, don't order them in the summer because they will melt together (in shipping)!  Duh!  :)
The chocolate on the stick was all melted and all the sticks were stuck with oneanother. The product and the concept is good but you will be better off buying it from a supermarket or directly get it from someone visiting Japan.
First of all, I love the packaging making it heatproof but it wouldn't have been a problem because I ordered it it winter and they were freakishly cold. I also want to thank VeryAsia for the free sample of mi goreng...it was delicious!!! I now love mi goreng.
I bought these back in January and never got around to reviewing them. I had heard many people rave about a Japanese snack called Pocky so I figured I would try it out. Just like the description states, its a biscuit stick covered in chocolate. I wouldn't say the taste is mind boggling but its very easy to eat and virtually no mess, well, as long as the chocolate doesn't melt. Anyways, in case anyone is wondering, I ordered from a seller named Very asia (amazon.com/gp/help/seller/at-a-glance.html?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled=0&orderID=103-7071944-5595443&marketplaceSeller=1&seller=A3JW437I54SEI1). I believe it took around a 3 weeks to actually get to me (maybe it had to be imported) but when it did, it came well packed and not damaged whatsoever. I'm definitely considering re-stocking on this in the future if I can't find a local store<br /><br />EDIT: Oct 11, 2012<br /><br />*****Inquire the type of pocky from seller before finalizing purchase*****<br /><br />So I decided to restock after I couldn't fight the craving anymore. Unfortunately the batch this time was not so good (ordered from different seller because it was cheaper and through Amazon Prime). What I received was not the picture shown on the front page (2 per pack japanese pocky), it was a 1 per pack pocky~ish thing from Thailand. In my opinion, the 1 giant pack compared to 2 smaller packs is definitely a step back. Packaging was fine and I ordered in October when the weather was a bit cooler aka no melted chocolate arriving at the front door. The sticks were coated in some type of thick chocolate that was a bit bitter to the taste, more similar to dark chocolate than milk chocolate. The original Japanese pocky melted almost immediately in your mouth, this one melts slowly as it sits in your mouth.<br /><br />Personally I like the taste of dark chocolate but not when used here as a pocky flavor. I also have terrible self control so I buy things that come in small portions in order to a) not eat everything at once and b) avoid making the fridge a mess by cluttering it with tons of opened items. I can honestly say that I won't be overeating when it comes to this batch of pocky because I and my stomach dislike it so much. I won't change my original rating because that still holds true for the Japanese pocky but if I were to rate only the Thailand pocky it would be a 3. The taste isn't "terrible" but its definitely not to my liking. If possible I will be uploading some pictures of what I received.
Bought these for my daughter's Grad party as well as the Strawberry. She loves these things. They're a great product.
Everyone in our family except one really likes the taste of this.  It is addicting.  That includes our 3 year old.
Pocky is just plain fun to eat. I discovered these snacks at an anime convention (though I'd heard about them before and had seen manga characters eating them). They are very, very slim sticks of biscuity stuff (the flavor to me is a cross between waffle cones and pretzels) that have a charming tiny popping crispness. The chocolate flavor, a nice non-bitter, non-dark, generically pleasing choco-taste, seems to be the most popular (given how fast they sell out at cons), but I prefer the flavor of the strawberry which is like strawberry ice cream. Very nice.<br /><br />This is by no means a health food (it's in the same category as a cookie, it's got fat and sugar and non-healthful ingredients). But hey, it's junk food. We all know it's supposed to be OCCASIONAL and not habitual in the diet. Unless you're really prone to binge-eating or can't stop yourself a whole one of these smaller boxes is not a huge calorie splurge if you stick to a reasonable number. 10 of the chocolate pocky sticks will set you back 125 calories with 5 grams of fat, 3 of them saturated. I wouldn't recommend just scarfing down multiple boxes. In fact, just nibble these slowly and have fun with the cool texture effect.<br /><br />If you love the flavor of coconut-chocolate together (like Almond Joy) try the coconut chocolate ones. They're really so good, oh man. Hubby says the taste reminds him of the Girl Scout 'caramel delights" cookies which are, in turn, similar to the old Yes Yes cookies (from the seventies or so).<br /><br />Anyway, if you have read manga or seen anime with young folks eating those stick-looking treats, or seen footage of cute Japanese girls nibbling at skinny little stick treats, this is what they were eating. :) Fun treats.<br /><br />However, with this crazy hot summer, I'd recommend you look for a local retailer or wait until fall's cooler weather. You might get a sticky, clumped mess of Pocky sticks in this deep summer weather. (Look for local stores that specialize in Japanese anime or manga and they'll likely carry Japanese snacks like these. In South Florida, Tate's Comics has them in a variety of flavors..and FRESH and NOT MELTED).
Pocky is an incredibly good snack, but more than that, I was impressed with Very Asia's packaging. I had stupidly ordered something as easy to melt as chocolate in the dead heat of summer. On top of that the package of dessert pocky I ordered in 100 degree weather melted into this liquid goo. T_T So of course I was expecting all the pocky in my 10 boxes to be melted away, but they took the special care to put the pocky in a box reading "PROTECT FROM HEAT" and my pocky arriving in perfect condition! (Well, they did stick together just a bit). I love Very Asia more than anything now.
I think the Pocky did not get stored rightly. The chocolate was falling off from the biscuit stick, and doesn't taste as it should. Many of them stick together, and whenever I want to split them up, it just becomes very messy. Now I need to clean up my desk every time after I have it.
Everyone loves Pocky and if they say they don't they are lying lol. The Pocky arrived in good condition with minimal melting and very few broken pieces.
These where great couldnt stop eating them.<br />Lowest priced anywhere and will buy even more next time.<br />Cant say enough about these, they where shipped faster than what I paid to have shipped also.<br />Thank you so much.
I had bought Pocky when on vacation and enjoyed it but living where there are no Asian stores I have to shop on the internet. The guys in the family seem to like it better than the ladies for some reason. For a bit of insanity, search for Pocky commercials on youtube!
The individual Pocky sticks are not separately packaged and melt and stick together while being shipped.
This product must qualify for some sort of deceptive packaging award. The box only contains 5 bars and the wrappers are smaller than normal, so at least 50% of the interior of the box is air. Then when you unwrap the bar you find they are only about 60% the length of a "normal" snack bar. The rest of it is empty air inside the wrapper. If they were to not include wrappers those 5 bars would occupy less than 25% of the space inside the box.<br /><br />As far as taste goes they are so-so. On the dry side with a hint of berry flavor. Celiacs, who are used to inferior products, won't be disappointed in the taste of this one.<br /><br />I've also had their cookies and they suffer from the same sort of deceptive packaging. The picture on the side of the box shows what most of us would consider a normal sized cookie. But when you open the box you find that it mostly contains a plastic tray holding cookies about the size of a quarter.<br /><br />I really want to like this company. They seem to be trying hard and coming out with new products and keeping allergens out of the production process. That is why I've continued to try their products. I bought their granola many times, always wanting to like it, but it is some of the worst food I've ever had. The "clusters" are hard as the partially popped kernels at the bottom of your bag of popcorn and more fitting for gerbils than people.<br /><br />All in all I would not recommend Enjoy Life foods.
This was the first peanut free product I bought for my son.  I thought they were tasty.  The kids liked them too.  For some reason they think they are strawberry bars.  I love the soft texture and the non crumbly state.  It makes for clean car rides.  Since then they like the apple and chocolate bars the best.  Berry is always left for last.  Amazon has a wonderful price and I just wish it could be a subscribe item.
I have recently stopped eating a number of allergens (dairy, soy, nuts) and these were one of the few snacks which fit into my dietary restrictions.  Unfortunately, these were pretty gross - miserable texture and more cardboard flavored than berry.  I threw them away.  I would recommend the cocoa ones as they are much tastier and also allergen free.
My daughter had extensive food allergies as an infant/toddler and we bought these bars consistently.  She still has the nut and egg allergy so I like that I can trust the manufacturer and know the food is safe.  Unfortnately the last few times we have purchased the bars (all varieties) they have been hard as a rock and my daughter won't eat them.  I have tried them myself and thought I might break a tooth. I had them on subscribe and save; which I have now cancelled and have several boxes which no one in my family will eat.  I agree with a previous post. I want to love these bars and I love everything the company stands for (and actually really like their cookies), but something has changed with these bars and they are just not even appetizing.  I hope they address the issue and I will certainly try them again if they do something to enhance the taste and address the issue with the texture. A total bummer -  they were better in the past but something changed with the taste, along with their new packaging!!
My son with multiple food allergies really enjoys these bars.  I find that they have a good berry taste.  They also have a nice chewyness.
i love them. not too sweet but just right. any allergy free food is great in my book. hope non of these ingredients contains Corn...thats a no no for me too. HOWEVER I DONT APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT I OPENED MY NEW BOX AND THE CUT 1/4 OF IT OFF. IF THE SIZE IT LESS THEN SO SHOULD THE CHARGE. THIS WILL EFFECT MY DECISION IN BUYING AGAIN. I AM NOT A TODDLER I NEED A REAL SIZE BAR PLEASE
I was extremely disappionted when I opened my shipment of Enjoy Life On The Go Bars (Very Berry, Carmel Apple, and Cocoa Loco). The boxes are now a plain, generic design..you know, the kind all brands change to when they want to make their products look cheaper. I then compared the ingredients of the new shipment with the older boxes I still had at home. Guess what?! Cheaper ingredients! Next, I taste-tested, and let my 3 year old help. He wouldn't eat the new ones...and I can't blame him. They are oily and bland. I thought Enjoy Life was a brand that actually cared about using quality ingredients to make a good-tasting product. I was wrong. In summary, these are way too expensive to be made with low-quality, unpalatable ingredients.
Refer to the picture I posted above.  The bar is half the size you think it is going to be...It is literally a two-bite bar.  Very deceptive advertising.  That and the fact that they are ridiculously expensive is the reason for the one star.  My 10 year old son ate one and didn't like them. I ate one and agreed as did my husband.  Couldn't give it away!  Everyone has different tastes but these are no tasty treat as far as I'm concerned.
With all the allergies in our family, these ended up working out great.  We don't have any negative reactions to the ingredients and though we don't buy many pre packaged foods, these work for 'on-the-go'. Our family tried several varieties and I prefer the Cocoa Loco Bars; they're almost like a Tootsie Roll to me-though I can't eat Tootsie Rolls, so this is a great substitute for that occasional craving.  My family prefers the Very Berry Bars because they can eat those when they miss breakfast, need a healthy snack, or my son will take them on his cross country running meets.  They are very dense and filling-not a 'soft bar' and we always eat them while having some liquid to drink at the same time.
I'm new to food allergies.  My 6mo son was diagnosed with some severe FA and since he's still breastfed, I had to drastically alter my diet.<br /><br />Before learning about this brand, I was stuck eating chicken breasts with potatoes for every meal.  So when I stumbled upon this at my local Whole Foods, I was very excited to try it.<br /><br />Overall, I really like them.  It's got pretty good texture, taste and heft.  It's not so dense that you want to gag after two bites but also not so light that you can eat the whole box (which really isn't that big).<br /><br />I know alot of people complain about the size/packaging and I agree somewhat.  But each bar is an ounce and 120 calories... on par with many other breakfast bars.  I like the Berry flavor the best, it's the closest to real, non FA specialty flavor. Overally, I'm grateful for these bars because now I can tote several in my diaper bag and car and know that when I really need a quick snack, I won't be left stranded.
My son has severe allergies.  This is an item he loves and is a convenience for me.  I feel good giving them to him and they taste great!
Tasty, convenient bars for people with celiac disease. They seem to have gotten smaller over time, but the taste and convenience outweigh the reduction in size (and the price).
If you are looking for a great gluten free snack you won't be sorry you chose this product. My favorite flavor is the apple and nut.
This brand of granola bars are really good.  The very berry are my favorite.  However, the bars are almost ridiculously small.  Yeah, we're gluten free, so our food is a lot more dense than other food, but honestly, can we not have normal sized, good tasting granola bars?  They really are tiny.  So, the taste is GREAT but the bar is small.
They are OK, but my husband only eats them when we are in car. We keep them there for a celiac snack. (Hard to find when roaming around.) He won't eat them otherwise. They are definitely raspberry, but are kind of dry.<br />  We have never tried any other snack bars, so in all honesty they may be the norm. I don't know.<br />  We DO like Enjoy Life's other products.<br />  They are GF, have no MSG or related products or aspartates.
Great taste. Great ingredients. Great texture. Absolutely delicious! They are a little smaller and you may still be hungry if it is for a meal. I give one to my 5 year old son for breakfast and he is still a little hungry for more. Either that or they taste so good he wants more.
Recently diagnosed a gluten-intolerant, I have been looking for products that allow me to resume a semblance of my former life. These snack bars fit the bill. They have the mouth-feel of a traditional snack bar, and a pleasant tart-sweet fruit flavor.
My son Loves these "fruit bars" they are smaller than your typical wheat fruit bars.  My suggestion it to get your child to like these first before you try the chocolate ones... Now my son favors them (chocolate) ones MORE than the berry ones...
If you want a really good snack bar try these, they are healthy and taste as good as any granola bar, but without the gluten!! I buy these regularly.
Imagine taking some kids' playground chalk, perhaps that tan colored one and grinding it into powder with plenty of chunks. Then scoop it up and put it in your mouth.<br /><br />That's how disgusting this bar is.<br /><br />I have no idea how and who is rating this as flavorful, IT HAS NONE. I've done nutritional coaching for 30 years and watched healthy foods progress from painfully bad to barely edible to excellent.<br /><br />This neanderthal-era gluten free bar is so bad I want to go to my local grocery store, take all the boxes off off the shelf and hide them in a different part of the store (perhaps, if there's a trash compactor?) just to protect people from the experience my daughter had with this product.<br /><br />Save your money for these ridiculously expensive and spend it on anything else.<br /><br />"Enjoy Life" bars? Being ill is better than putting this garbage in your mouth.
My brother bought me a pound of this coffee for Christmas.  He told me that "weaver" was the original roaster for Pete's coffee, he eventually split off and started his own roaster.  Well let me tell you the stuff is delicious!  I've never been married to a brand of coffee, usually would buy the Starbucks 2.5 lb bag at Costco, or whatever looked good at Trader Joes, but Weavers is in a class of it's own.  I'm subscribing to guarantee I can have this stuff delivered to me regularly.  TRY IT!!
This is the best coffee we've ever had. A light taste but very full bodied. I was very pleased with the packaging, having it resealable keeps it stay fresher much longer and unlike other brands this construction stays intact. I must say you wont be displeased with your purchase, this is a must buy!
This is the best coffee we've ever had.  I run The American Pavilion in Cannes and Weaver's was by far and  away our most popular coffee sponsor!  Hundreds of people come to The Pavilion every day looking for American coffee and they were not disappointed.  We did a booming business this year!  Buy it!  You'll be so happy you did!  Julie
For those looking for a more exotic tea drinking experience and who like white Jasmine tea, Numi's Flower Jewel is worth a look. About the size of a gum-ball, these jewels slowly open in water to form a flower shape around the central amaranth flower. They are meant to be decorative so glass teapot is a must when preparing this tea.<br /><br />Decorative does not mean tasteless. As a white tea, the flavor is mild, but rich and soothing. The jasmine is wonderful but does not overpower the tea. I have had stronger jasmine teas, but this one is quite balanced and tasty. I used a small glass pot when preparing it and was able to get more than 7 yummy infusions out of the jewel before the flavor and scent began to fade. The white tea tips are plentiful and of a high quality and don't get bitter if seeped for long periods.<br /><br />I must deduct some points though for the high price to tea ratio and the fragility of the flower jewels. Pouring hot water directly on them can cause pieces to fall of and after the 3rd or 4th infusion more of the flower starts to fall apart, though to be fair the main flower shape remains fairly intact. Some even come out of the box starting to missing the central flower or bits of leaf. Better packaging might solve this.<br /><br />If you want a tea experience that looks as good as it tastes and smells, or are entertaining and want a conversation piece, then Numi Tea Flower Jewel should be on your short list.
The first ball worked pretty well, it just looked a little beaten up.  Since then, ~half of these have fallen to pieces in hot water (all of them do after sitting for a bit).  If you don't mind the rate of failure, the tea itself is pretty good and fairly tolerant of being steeped for a long time (especially considering that it is white tea).
Numi has a winner here with this tea! My husband, son and I often share this wonderful tea after dinner. It is very pleasant and the reason they love it, it does not turn bitter after longer steeping, like other teas do!
The product is all that it says it is which is why I gave it 5 stars.  However, I do have issues with the product, namely, me and my family members can't take the smell.  The taste is horrible so I put it in a lotion cream and rubbed it on my skin.  This was a few weeks ago and though I've since changed my sheets, the scent is still in my bed.  Ultimately, I stopped using it because it made me smell in a way I did not like.  It smells like an Indian spice and while it didn't work for me, scent-wise, it may work fine with someone else.
Both our twins love this one right from the start but it's not loaded with lentils (see ingredients below).  We introduced it when they were 7 months old and now they're 10 months.  I'm glad they are eating something green because we couldn't get them to eat the one with peas when we tried at 7 months, but we got them to eat the peas later at 9 months.<br /><br />Their favorite vegetable is sweet potato and we've also tried sweet potato with cinnamon. They love all the fruit varieties.<br /><br />I'm glad they love this one because lentils and brown rice form a complete protein, although a view of the ingredients shows that lentils is not one of the prime ingredients.<br /><br />This one also has carrots and I've heard all babies like carrots.  I don't know if they would like it without the carrots.  I haven't seen this one - lentils and brown rice - in our local stores, so I'm glad to get it here. Along with some others, we get this one with the subscription.  Of course, with twins one is forced to buy more in bulk and we're so busy that it's great to get these delivered.<br /><br />The packaging is excellent.  I've ordered an unbelievable number of cases of jars of different types and only had one jar arrive broken.<br /><br />Ingredients per label: Water, organic apples, organic carrots, organic brown rice, organic lentils, organic canola oil.<br /><br />This has 70 calories, 10% protein, 100% vitamin A, 4% vitamin C, 2% calcium and 4% iron.<br /><br />I'm informed that the daily intake percentage is based on an adult.
My twin 10-month old babies treat this one as dessert.  Their first Earth's Best jar they loved was straight sweet potatoes.  After water, sweet potatoes are the first ingredient in this one, followed by apricot puree.  That's dessert for them right there.  After that comes the chicken and then brown rice flour (not as good as brown rice though).<br /><br />This is a meal that babies around the age of mine are probably almost all going to love instantly.  Almost all babies love sweet potatoes for starters.  Add apricot puree and there's really not much one could do to discourage babies after that.  I recommend this flavor brand.<br /><br />Ingredients per label: Water, organic sweet potatoes, organic apricot puree, mechanically separated organic chicken, organic brown rice flour.<br /><br />The rice flour absorbed the water and gave it a real nice consistency, and the sweet potatoes gave it a nice color.<br /><br />Nutrition per label: 80 calories, 15% protein, 90% vitamin A, 2% vitamin C, 2% calcium and 6% iron.<br /><br />This one had the most vitamin A of all Earth's Best jars I've tried.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.
I liked getting this one for my twin 10-month olds because it has such interesting ingredients, particularly the zucchini and the garbanzo beans.  I like the fact that it's vegetarian yet I believe it has a complete protein since it also has brown rice.  This list of ingredients looks excellent and it's a green color naturally.<br /><br />The babies liked it.  They have liked everything that has carrots.<br /><br />I have the subscription for this one as I really like the ingredients and the fact that I'm giving the babies food that is naturally green.<br /><br />Ingredients per the label: Water, organic corn, organic zucchini, organic green beans, organic brown rice, organic carrots, organic garbanzo beans, organic canola oil.<br /><br />This has 70 calories, 8% protein, 40% vitamin A, 10% vitamin C, 2% calcium and 2% iron.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.
Baby loved this one, but as he has progressed I had to cut this one out because it is too runny and if I have to move the spoon quickly out of the way of his grabby hands, it is all over! I think they could use a little less water maybe a little more potato to make it more the consistency of the turkey dinner one.
Earth's Best Turkey Vegetable Dinner hits the spot with apples with turkey. You can add cranberries if you want to take it to the next level.  I just can't find non-sweetened and non-dried cranberries even at the better food stores.<br /><br />Apples, carrots and turkey taste good to my 10-month old growing twin girls.  Babies love carrots since they're sweet to their taste, so that made a great addition.  The whole barley flour absorbs the water to give it an acceptable consistency.<br /><br />The ingredients per the label: Water, organic apples, organic carrots, mechanically separated organic turkey, organic whole barley flour.<br /><br />In addition to 12% protein and 50% vitamin A, it has 6% calcium and 4% iron.<br /><br />I'm very pleased my babies like this food and are being introduced to so many foods through Earth's Best.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.
My little girl can't get enough of this! I like that it is organic and contains fruit, veggies, protein and grains in one tasty meal. I wish it came in larger portions since my 10 month old always wants 2 jars.
Its my daughter's favorite first and foremost.  For me I love that i can get lentils, there aren't many stage 2 or 3 vegetarian choices.
Wow, i am shocked to find clear plastic pieces in the jars. The other posters say they notified Earth's Best about this in August and they are still selling it without checking or recalling!! No more earth's best for my little guy. I am taking my business elsewhere and I am very sad that organic company is selling baby food with plastic and bpa in their jars. They gotta do better than this to get my business.
I like the Earth's Best baby food line because of the organic ingredients. Amazon has great prices (especially if you subscribe) and free delivery to your doorstop, which is convenient when you're a busy mom. My daughter doesn't like a lot of baby foods, but will eat this one. As other reviewers have stated, it's a bit runnier that other EB's stage 2 foods, so I add some oatmeal to it. It's also a bit bland, so I add a dash of cinnamon after heating it up. As an added bonus, it works wonders for her digestive tract! She had problems with constipation for about 2.5 months, sometimes going up to 10 days before we had to give her a suppository, and then I discovered that this food makes her poop every time (I also started giving her a sippy cup of water with meals and during the day to help with the fiber). I rated it 4 instead of 5 stars because the main ingredients are sweet potatoes and apricots rather than sweet potatoes and chicken. I wish there were more chicken in this so there was more protein.
This is my son's favorite dinner! Best of all it seems it has the best combo of protein (21%) , vitamin A (100%) and C (30%). It is runnier than most of their dinners which was a great start for solids with protein in it. Love love love this brand and flavor. I think I purchased 50 jars so far.
I don't know how everyone else got these broken, but when I received them they came wrapped in plastic and in bubble wrap, not a single jar was broken.  My son loves them and the price was great and I had no issues at all.
Would be a quality product if it weren't so thin. Nearly the consistency of soup. It just makes too much of a mess no matter how careful you try to be.
I would love to say that I have the time to make my son's food everyday. Its not the case. Honestly, I do make it most of the time, but some days, you just don't have the time/energy to get it all done. Enter this product. Before I bought this baby food, I read the reviews and all these people were saying that it has fruit in it, its like a dessert, yadda yadda yadda. The truth is, is that yes, it has a bit of fruit in it, but its not sweet at all. The fruit merely brings out the flavors naturally so that you don't have to add anything else. Its a great product to enter proteins into baby's diet. The consistency is smooth enough that if you wanted to add cereal  to it also, baby will not choke on it. I highly recommend.
We love earth's best organic baby food, but this is not the tastiest one. I've tried it myself and think it is pretty gross. But my daughter still eats it, just not with as much enthusiasm as other flavors. It's got a decent amount of protein, which is important for us as a vegetarian family.
Soft smooth texture - my little one devours this one...it is one of the best meat/veg dinners we have found!
My triplets will not eat this, eventhe one who will eat ANYTHING. The consistency is way too runny as well and does not stay on the spoon.
My baby LOVES sweet potatoes. I can essentially mix any food into sweet potatoes and he will eat them; which in this case could be a good or bad thing depending on what I wanted to mix in there... it was horribly runny, like spooning formula into his mouth. Ick.
My daughter was not a big fan of baby food, especially any with proteins, but she did LOVE this one! The flavor is just right, not too sweet or too savory, and doesn't have a strong chicken flavor. Almost like plain sweet potatoes but not as sharp, thus it's a very good first protein to offer, and good for picky eaters. My nephews and my niece also liked this flavor, so it's a pretty safe bet to keep on hand if you don't know a particular baby's preferences.<br />Something I wish I had known was that it is quite a bit runnier than other Stage 2 Earth's Best, especially for having chicken. I added quite a bit of rice cereal to thicken it up after my daughter had gotten tired of the runny texture, and she liked that just fine, but it is an extra step. However the runnier texture makes it workable for younger babies or those with gagging/texture problems.
This is the only food my daughter will eat consistly. She really enjoys it. The packaging is great. Never had any broken (having ordered 4 times).
My son loves the rice and lentil jars.  It's not as liquid in consistency as the peas and brown rice jars.  I have it on order with subscribe and save + amazon mom and it always arrives nicely packaged.
I have twin girls, they both loved the Vegetable Turkey Dinner.  It was one of their favorite baby foods.  Great price.
I normally love Earth's Best products (as does my son). However, tonight after I'd given him half the jar I thought I would try some since it was a new flavor and I realized that there were little pieces or soft shredded plastic in it. I was appalled!  As this is my first child and I don't have any experience with this kind of thing, I called poison control. They said he would be ok and once I knew he was fine, I got really angry. I looked it up online and found that Earth's Best has actually known about the plastic for some time but are still selling it. Don't buy Earth's Best! Really disappointing.
My son really enjoys Earth's Best lentil!  He eats the entire jar for dinner and always wants more.  The product shipped very quickly.
I introduced my daughter to Earth's Best Organic Turkey Vegetable Dinner at 4 months. A bit early, but she's advanced, as she was 6 weeks overdue.  She loved it at first.  But, I bought every other kind and now this is her least favorite.  I've tried some of it as well.  Of all of them, this is also my least favorite.
We received this in a dinner variety pack and tried it for the first time today. I always try her baby foods to make sure they are the right temperature (I put them in a bowl and microwave for 6-9 seconds) and taste ok. When I tasted this, I made a face because it was so yucky! I added sweet potatoes and a dash of cinnamon. To her credit, my (8 month old) daughter ate some bites, but not nearly as enthusiastically as the other flavors. I like that it has a mixture of organic vegetables in it and beans for protein.
I love the fact that there is turkey being offered. This is my son's 2nd favorite dish. No issues with it and a good balance of nutrients.
Only three jars came in a form edible to babies.  The rest of them were filled will a clump of spongy mush that would not mix with the water.  It also had a brown color and not the yellowish brown like the jars that had the good mixture.<br />Pretty disappointing and a waste of money.
This is one of my son's favorite baby foods.  It does have a bit of sweetness, but not too sweet.  It's more runny than some of the other flavors, so we use a deeper spoon with this one, or add a little rice cereal to thicken it up.
For whatever reason, our son really likes this flavor. I'm not a fan myself, but I'm not the one eating it. Any time I can get a variety of vegetables into my baby in one sitting, I'm a happy mom.
The Rice and Lentil dinner is our son's absolute favorite. I don't know why but he gobbles this up every time. He enjoys most of the Earth's Best foods and we have only found a couple he doesn't eat (anything with too much apple) which is more a personal taste issue than the brand or particular combination. Some of the varieties tend to be too runny but this one has a great consistency right out of the jar.
My 7-1/2 month old absolutely loves this one...by far, it is her favorite jarred baby food. I like it because the lentils add a bit more protein than your average baby food, and I'm not ready to introduce her to meats yet.<br /><br />I do subscribe & save, which brings the price down to $0.80/jar. That's a fair price - not an amazing deal, but roughly equivalent to sale prices at the grocery store.  The bigger issue is that this particular blend is hard to find - I have to go to Whole Foods. My regular grocery store and Target carry Earth's Best, but not this blend. My daughter likes it so much, though, that I would still buy even if the price were a bit higher than store prices. It's a good one!
I always try the food before I feed it to my daughter and this one is actually pretty good. My daughter LOVES it. She gets all excited when I make it for her
From 6 month to 12 month, my son barely ate any solid food.  He was so picky.  We tried many different flavor from various brands and this was the only baby food that he'd actually finish the whole jar.  I didn't expect him to like this since it has very green vegetable scent to it, but I guessed it wrong.<br />Now he is 18 month old and he is a pretty healthy eater.  His current favorite seems to be tofu, but he still loves corn, zucchini, brown rice and carrot which are the ingredients of this.  I highly recommend to try this baby food.<br /><br />Also, Earth's Best makes not only the best baby foods but their toddler foods are fabulous as well.  My son doesn't really like any snacks from Gerber brand, but he likes most of the products from Earth's Best.  Their foods taste great(even for us adult) and so good for you too.
Little Baby Picky will only eat this sometimes. This one is more watery than the others, so keep that in mind. Reviewing baby food is objective since all children are different, so I hope letting you know the consistency and texture help.
This tastes so good that apparently our cat thinks so too -- he's constantly poking his furry face around every time we pop open one of these. There is absolutely nothing bad to say about these. I know some people have complained about the poor packaging but I believe that must've been fixed b/c I've not had any problems at all -- in fact, they securely bubble wrap these, then place them in an air-cushioned box and it all arrives perfectly every time.
I have 12 month olds and no time to write a great review, but they like all the flavors, the textures are great, and the jars open easily. Great on the go snack.
My son started eating this when he was around 8 months old; he's now 14 months old and it's one of his favorites. Unfortunately, they don't carry it at the local grocery store (they carry other varieties of Earth's Best; just not this one or his other favorites, Spinach/Potatoes and Spaghetti with Cheese); they do carry it at some of the Whole Foods so I buy them there. I'm so glad to find them on Amazon! I get TIRED of ringing up a gazillion little jars at the store.<br /><br />We use this as a base and mix in other things - bits of cooked broccoli, small pieces of meat. I've also started adding spices to introduce him to new flavors.
My baby loves Rice and Lentil and is one of her favorite things to eat.  If we are going somewhere I won't be able to warm the food she will eat this one cold.
My daughter loved this stuff. It is all natural and made very well.  Good to mix with other things as they get older too!  Beats Gerber.
My daughter is outgrowing baby food but will still eat this.  We tried 3rd foods on her and she doesn't like the texture of them.  This is really good for her and she likes it, so we keep buying it.
My son loves the Best Earth's baby food and his favorite seems to be the Vegetable and Turkey. He smiles at every mouthful.<br /><br />I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for healthy feeding the organic way. All the food I feed my son is through Earth's Best.
To be fair only one of my twins got gas from this but it was horrible. Up all night screaming from gas pains. Garbanzo beans are not an ideal food for young babies.
I usually make my baby's food.... it's so easy, steam fruits & veggies and puree.... but sometimes I don't have enough time to cook and I buy Earth's Best baby foods....baby likes all the fruits and veggies so far but didn't like this one. She refused to eat it. When I tried it I understood why, I wouldn't eat it myself either... it tastes nasty.... my poor baby.... immediately I made her a homemade potato, zucchini, & asparagus puree and she loved it. I wouldn't recommend this flavor!
My six month old baby loves the Earth's Best 2nd Sweet Potato Chicken Dinner - it's his favorite. He seems to love all the Earth's Best 2nd foods - fruits, vegetables, and dinners. The consistency of the food makes it easy for him to eat - not too thick, not too thin.
This is my daughter's  most favorite baby food by far.  This is the only ones she'll eat and rarely will eat the other kinds.  However, the taste is very bland, for me as an adult at least. After you put the unfinished portion in the fridge, it may become sort of watery at which point I throw it out. It is unique from the others in the combination of vegetables it has, especially zucchini.<br />I had to update my review today, because I saw little pieces of thin stretchy plastic in two jars of this baby food.  PLASTIC IN BABY FOOD? I notified Earth's Best about it and will be sending them these pieces of plastic for testing, but I am not giving my baby this food any more, even though she likes it, that's it for us.
The earths best he eats the most, this one is a little thicker than his original chicken/sweet potato favorite which is very runny.
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I didn't eat any but my baby liked it. She said it was savory but sweet and it reminded her of fine dining in Tuscany. Also I like that with the jarred foods is you know when you recycle it will never become waste. I just learned this and am telling everyone - only glass recycles forever. And if you don't recycle then you and I have nothing in common and you should stop reading here. It's not even a hard thing to do anymore. Nobody else in my building recycles and it drives me crazy. You just rinse it and put it in a different bin and still put it out on trash day. Stop being lazy.
I just wanted to post here that I found small bits of plastic in this food as I was feeding my 9 month old.  Plastic!!! in food!!!! baby food!!!  So please be careful if you buy this or are considering it.<br /><br />My daughter LOVES this food-- it's actually her favorite.  This is the first time we have noticed plastic in it in over 2 months.
Pretty good product.  The taste isn't the best but it's definitely not the worse either.  It gives a pretty smooth energetic kick.
I am a true Seattle coffee addict, and I have never had a better coffee candy.
Sent this basket to my father for his birthday.  He said the fruit was very fresh and sweet.  Happy with this healthy purchase!
This fruit gift really was the perfect gift! Everything was fresh, well packed and tasty looking! And the people that received it assured me that it was quite tasty tasting too. And tried the chocolate covered cherries ad was surprised at how delicious they were! So thank you! I needed something in a pinch and it came even earlier than expected!SO THANK YOU AGAIN! Dharana,San Francisco
I got it for my Girlfriend for her Birthday.  The Fruit actually tasted fresh and yummy!  I love dark chocolate, so I loved the dark chocolate almonds.  Next time I'll give the Organic version of this product... to someone close so they share with me  :)
As a child my facorite memory was drinking Sassafras tea made from fresh sassafras with my Granddad. I have never seen it in a tea bag before. I found that to get the taste I remember I needed 2 bags per cup. The bags are rather fragile but all in all it is a really great product that I will buy again and again. Plus the shipping time was great.
I grew up in Ohio and lived in the woods where sassafrass trees were plentiful. I would dig tender roots or "bark" a few trees for a delightful tea.  I purchased Breezy Morning Sassafrass tea and although was quite good it was very expensive for only 20 average size tea bags and shipping was as much as the product.  Not a good bargain.  I switched to Pappy's extract.
I ordered this on-line and received it in just a few days (3).  The tea is excellent and the price was right for  me.
I purchased this tea for my neighbor as a present, she has been looking for sassafras tea for a long time, I didn't realize it was so hard to find!  She absolutely loves it, made a great surprise christmas gift.
I heard some great things about Sassafras and wanted to try it.  I was worried about the taste but it turned out to be a lot better than i anticipated.  I'm actually gonna order the 4-pack and continue drinking it over time.  Don't trust the FDA!!
bought this for my dad. for about 2 years he would complain to be about how he hasn't had this tea since he was about 9. finally, after many nights of drinking my tea annoyed, i bought him the tea so he'd shut up.
I first tasted Sassafras tea in a local restaurant and really liked it.  So I started looking in grocery stores and online for it in a teabag form.  After several weeks of investigation I called the restaurant and asked what they used to make the tea.  I was told is was Pappy's Sassafras Concentrate.  I looked online and found it at Amazon.com.  As I was ordering it I also saw the Sassafras Teabags.  I thought I'd order a box to try.  I was very dissapointed.  It didn't taste like the flat rootbeer I was expecting.  It was more like black licorice, which I hate, with a very mild rootbeer undertone.  It also didn't have the distinctive red color that you get by steeping the sassafras root.<br /><br />I've never had real Sassafras tea made with the root so I don't know if the teabags are more like the real thing or not.  Bottom line:  I won't buy the teabags again.
Great tasting tea I have been looking for a good  Sassafras tea forever.Finally. I will be ordering this product again .<br />Thanks Kim:D
I did not care for this product at all, I thought it was the same tea my sisters and I use to drink when we were in elementary school. I found out the tea we use to drink actually came from the root of a particular type of tree.
I purchased this because I read that it was a natural cure for hives..Um, how about NOT.  It did nothing for my hives and it tastes awful.  Luckily, a co-worker of mine loves this stuff (reminds him of his grandmother) and I gave it to him.  Yucky, yucky stuff.
These are good sunflower seeds at a good price if you prefer the unsalted variety, which can be hard to find.<br /><br />One thing to keep in mind though, is the expiration or "best by" date.  For example, if you order these in April and the batch you receive has a June "use by" date, it may be a stretch to consume the 300 bags before the seeds start going rancid on you.  Since they're roasted in oil and unsalted, these seeds may spoil more readily than the salted variety, even if refrigerated upon receipt.<br /><br />Amazon doesn't seem to specify "use by" dates for the food products they sell, so it's a gamble for the purchaser.  I'm assuming that Amazon won't ship stuff that has "expired", but they probably ship out the oldest stock first, and the "use by" date on the item may not be what you would select if you had a choice.
I love Panang Curry but would rather avoid the white rice that most restaurants serve with it.  So decided to try making my own, and with this product, I get exactly what I want, hot tasty Panang Curry adding lots of fresh veggies, tofu and brown rice.  And it's very hot, didn't have to add any spices at all.  Great product, will purchase again.
I purchased this for a friend who loves to cook only to find out that I paid 3 times more than what I should be. $13.95 for 4 cans is highway robbery now that I know that I can purchase one can for around $1.09. Now as far as the item itself, this brand of Panang Paste is excellent. The beef panang dish my friend made using this paste was as good as the ones in the Thai restaurant. I would recommend the paste but not the price.
Best paste I have tried! So easy to use. Just saute you meat, add veggies, paste, and a tin of coconut milk. Quick and tasty! I am on weight watchers and tried using the light coconut milk instead of the full fat. It works for the panang paste especially if you add a heaping tablespoon of crunchy peanut butter.. but the yellow, green, and red are spicy and need the full fat coconut milk to balance it out.
OMG I would love these cookies except for the chocolate mixed in makes it taste medicinal. DEGUSTING isn't even a strong enough word. A horrible horrible mistake...an expensive mistake....they advertised it as peanut butter cookies which is why I bought them since everyone else had peanut butter chocolate cookies when I just wanted plan peanut butter cookies....however when I received them I found out they were the chocolate peanut butter ones but I thought okay I'll try them and omg I almost threw up from the taste. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, DISGUTINGLY, MEDICINAL TASTE. DO NOT BUY!!! If they had a zero before the stars I would rate it a zero instead of 1 star.
This gravy mix is excellent ... except, don't use water where called for, use milk instead, and it makes it 100% better!!
I'm not from the south, but live in SoFla; where sometimes we get a southern influence. The gravy mix I am reviewing, PIONEER COUNTRY GRAVY is DE-LICIOUS!!! I've tried others Publix brand, Mc Cormick, ect, but this is the BEST! BY FAR! I chose to mix 1/2 water 1/2 milk, + 2 cooked, chopped sausage links, and it was phenomenal on my [...]. BISQUICK CHEESE GARLIC BISQUITS (Like Red Lobster's), served with a small side of watercress scrambled eggs. It's super easy to make and THICK! FINGER LICKIN! MMMmmmm. I heard you can put it on potatoes/veggies and chicken, make soups and add for seasoning. PIONEER BRAND as the name says is A HOMESTYLE, AMERICAN CLASSIC!
Nothing easier. Nothing better. Even beats grandmother's white gravy recipe. Already peppered for you. You do nothing but mix it with water. Takes only a minute or two. I highly recommend this gravy mix. It will not disappoint.
I have used Pioneer Gravy for a number of years.  It is VERY easy to make and tastes great, also.  Goes very well over mashed potatoes, meats, etc.  Try it!
Its great to be able to get sugar this way.Its not good to eat but if you are going to use sugar at least this is not processed to an unhealthy state on top of what sugar does to your body,and i am helping the  fair trade farmers.It is a good thing all around.I am happy i can get it in Amazon.
I am a coffee fanatic but have always stayed away from these because I never liked instant coffee and my assumption was that this would be similar.  I really enjoy the Starbucks VIA instant coffee - but I drink so much, it is rather expensive so I thought I would give this a try.  Both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with the taste.  I don't think it equals fresh brewed but it is very acceptable.  I bought my first 38 pack at my local grocery store for about $7.  That seemed a little high but I figured I would check online to find the best price.  As I started calculating all of the online prices, they are charging about $7 bucks for the 19 count.  I would suggest that you check your local grocery stores as you might be able to find it cheaper.  So you don't have to do the math...$7 / 38 = .184 per single.  Online price $27 / 114 = .236 (shipping not calculated in).  Looking at a supposed discount coffee supplier, you can get a case of 12 boxes for $69, no sales tax and free shipping...sounds like a great deal??  12 x 19 = 228 singles so $69 / 228 = .302 per single - the most expensive at all.
I don't think these coffee bags are as good as fresh ground fresh brewed coffee, but they taste far better than instant coffee.  At work, we have a water cooler with hot water dispenser.  This brewed in hot water just like a tea bag making tea tastes far better than any instant coffee.  I highly recommend it to any coffee lover when you have access to very hot water but don't have access to a coffee maker.  Individual wrapped and sealed bags allow you to take one tiny tea like bag with you in your pocket or purse to your early morning meetings.
I keep Regular bags and Decaf bags in my home at all times.<br />Never have to drink old coffee.  Best way to make iced coffee.
I live in the dorms without a kitchen so making a cup of coffee was really easy with this. Especially when I need to stay up late to study or to wake up after 2 hours of sleep. Its just like making tea and tastes decent enough. Not starbucks but good enough with some sugar and cream.
My primary point with this review is to note that this packaging is less expensive than the other size offered by Folger. You get more coffee for less money.<br /><br />  I recently started drinking coffee again after a lapse of many years. Since I didn't know how many cups a day I would use, I wanted to avoid the fuss of a coffeemaker. I don't particularly like instant coffee. I was delighted to find these Folger's bags.<br /><br />  They brew a very nice tasting cup of coffee. I'm not any kind of coffee expert, so I don't know what special terms might be used. All I know is that if I let the bag seep for a bit more than a minute, it sure tastes good. Thanks to my very much better half, I've also learned that each of these bags will produce at least two good cups of coffee.<br /><br />  Very convenient, very easy, very tasty. I intend to take some of these with me when I travel as an alternative to the in-room coffee makers or (yeck!) vending machines.<br /><br />Jerry
We can't have any kind of coffee maker at work, so we're forced to buy at the in-house coffee shop or Starbuck's across the street. In this economy, no one wants to pay those high prices, so we started a coffee club. 20 of us buy these coffee bags and separate creamer and enjoy fresh, hot, tasty coffee every day without paying the coffee shop prices. thanks Folgers!!!
These are great for at work, just pop the instant bag in for a minute then make your coffee. This is the best tasting coffee. It's easy to make without a mess.
Fast, easy and definitely delicious.  Makes a great cup of coffee and very easy to make.  Good purchase.  Will continue to order from here.<br />Thanx...
I gave this tea a try to add variety to my tea habit. And I'm glad I did. It has a somewhat sweet and almost minty taste and a wonderful aroma. It has a nice reddish color. This tea probably has more of a taste factor than any of the wonderful japanese green matcha tea I've had, and I look forward to experiencing any of the purported health benefits of rooibos that I've read about.
I tried this before having normal red tea so I waited to review. The flavor still rings in my head it is earthier than rooibos tea and less frity. The color is that of muddy water, and it has the grittiness and viscosity of it as well. Well worth every penny.
I previously tried other matcha products and was generally satisfied with the quality but not the price.  I decided to give Pure Matcha green and rooibos a try because the price seemed to be very competitive.  The quality of Pure Matcha's products surpasses that of all others I have tried- stays fresh, has a consistent texture and tastes great.  Both the quality and price are better than others that I have purchased for the same quantity.  I highly recommend Pure Matcha and will continue to purchase.
This is the very best marinade you can buy as far as I am concerned---of course, everyone to his or her own tastes, but all in all, I think anyone will like it---I give it five stars...
This is a great product for those looking for an MSG and Gluten free product, and is also lower sodium than any other marinade or soy sauce out there! It doesn't compromise of taste either, I use it as a Soy Sauce substitute and have found it to have superior taste and it looks and acts just like any good marinade should. If you are Celiac or Gluten intolerant, or even just watching you salt intake, this product is a way to have your steak and marinade it too!
My poland spring driver gave us this new tea to try and<br />our family really enjoyed it. I looked at the ingredients and was quite pleased<br />with the natural ingredients and no calories.
This hot sauce is one of my favorites. Its a perfect balance of tasty and spicy. You can smell the flavors immediately when you open the bottle. A mix of garlic, habanero, and other spices. I put this on everything and tend to go through one bottle a week. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes hot sauce.
I was never much of a hot sauce fan until I tasted Black Market Hot Sauce. I was listning to the radio one morning and the creater/owner was giving an interview, It sounded interesting. The D.J.'s were sampling the sauce and raving about it, So I picked up a bottle at the local grocery, It's so good ! I keep a bottle in the kitchen and an extra bottle on hand for gifts and for taking to potlucks,barbecues and party's. Happy to see I can buy it online at Amazon.
This is my favorite hot sauce! I liketo use it to give anything some extra flavor. I have loved going out to some of my favorite resturants in town and seeing that they are offering this great product.I really enjoy putting on my my breakfast burritos!
They have this in a local diner that I eat in regularly.  I use it on all kinds of foods and I love it.  It's hot, but not without flavor.  I don't like those sauces that just burn but have no taste.  This has both burn and and awesome flavor.  I was surprised to find it on Amazon (just stumbled across it).  I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good hot sauce.
I was browsing around on Amazon looking for gifts and was very pleased to see my favorite sauce on here. I will just order and have shipped to my friends. Habanero is my favorite, I love the heat and the tangy spiciness. I also love the pineapple. You will not go wrong ordering this up.
This is my favorite hot sauce. I buy it locally and love the flavor that they all have. Hopefully the other flavors will show up on amazon for people to enjoy! My favorites are the medium and pineapple flavored ones so far. Thank you for making a flavorful hot sauce!
So far I have had the habanero and the medium sauces and they were amazing. My fiance and I use them nearly daily and I just picked up 3 more. It goes really well on all sorts of dishes to add the extra kick.<br /><br />The sauce itself lasts a lot longer than it appears. It is thick and a bottle will last us a couple of weeks of heavy use. We love to use it for breakfast on eggs or in burritos and for dinners or soups for added spice.
absolutely love the habenaro sauce...use it on eggs, sandwiches most anything for a good kick! have watched the progessing popularity of theis homegrown product...have nothing but the highes accolades for the chef and the product..get out there and try it!
BLACK MARKET HOT SAUCE IS WONDERFUL.... My husband Loves this Habenero sauce, its very very flavorful with a nice kick to it. I in fact love the medium sauce- the taste is so yummy with a bit of zing behind it. We used it for everything and you can use it with any meal.<br /><br />I like the fact that there are so many different levels of spicyness. We love the medium & habenero. Kind of like a "HIS & HERS package". Thank you for your hard work guys! Keep up the hard work.
Man what can i say, this salsa is the bomb!! i have all the different kinds. i have it with almost every meal. the owner is a cool dude, He's dropped off free bottles to me in my mailbox. i stole the first bottle out of a friends fridge after i tasted and been hooked since. dont sleep on this hot sauce!!
this sauce is so good with just about anything, i like adding it to asian food or anything with egg or noodles, it has a good burn with a strong flavor. im hoping to see some of the other flavors like the pineapple experiment on here soon. buy it you wont regret it
Not hot at all. Like the other low star reviewer, I got suckered by seeing 'habenero' in the name and the 12 oz size. Some people might like the flavor, citrus-y and it has some fish sauce in the mix (according to the ingredient label), but if you're looking for hot this ain't it
I have to admit, I was a sucker for the large quantity, 12 oz, when shopping for hot sauces ...but now seeing the size of the bottle, it reminds of wing-sauce bottle sizes.  Plastic bottle.  It does have a convenient squirt top.  But overall, not very hot or tasty, and made mostly from jalape&ntilde;os.  If I had seen the ingredients list I would not have bought it:<br />Jalapenos<br />Water<br />Vinegar<br />Brown Sugar<br />Lime Juice<br />Fish Sauce<br />Cilantro<br />Habanero<br />Garlic<br />Spice Blend<br />Salt<br />Potassium Sorbate<br />Xanthan Gum
I never in my life tasted such a good babka its crazy good! This is the real babka! That my gram mother use to make
I am so convinced these are human animal crackers. They look and taste EXACTLY like human ones (yes, I tasted it) and they contain sugar, which is not one of the last ingredients in the nutrition facts either. So ill just give my dog very small amounts.
I have a whole box of peanut butter dog cookies and she wont touch them. She loves these and begs for them so it was a good buy. She is a little chihuhua and they are not too big for her mouth. About 20 per box.
These little animal crackers taste good & my doggies like them, but I won't be buying again. They are like the human animal crackers & have flour & sugar & other bad stuff for dogs. I will continue to buy the healthy treats for my doggies which they also love without sugar. You might want to try Wellness, Blue Buffalo, Natural Balance, Zukes, just to name a few.
My chihuahua loves these lil snacks. When she sees me bring out the yellow bus she literally runs in circles!
I purchased these little treats as stocking stuffers for our little furry friends.  Both Yorkies LOVED these treats.  We had to finally buy more since they liked them so much.
These are just like the animal crackers we eat.  The price is great and my little guy loves them!
The smell at first was just like a bed of fresh roses. Even though the rose content is very minimal I found the smell overwhelming. I did not like that this brand of spices does not have a seal in place and only a loosely screwed on lid. There is no shaker lid either. You open it and it dumps. I am questioning how only a few minute pieces of roses could produce such a perfume odor. I hope it is not chemically enhanced. With the lid being loose and not sealed I have doubts about the safety of the product.
I was hoping these were more true caramels, not caramel-flavored truffles, but they're still delicious. Would definitely order them again, and maybe extra for gifts. The salt just makes them extra amazing.<br /><br />Bummer about the shipping-- shipping on this item is reasonable, but we bought the chocolate covered pretzels at the same time, and shipping was charged for both items even though they arrived in the same box. There wasn't even anything fancy about the packaging!<br /><br />edit: okay, these actually bother my stomach a little after one truffle. the package wasn't shipped with an ingredients list, and i had to go to the company site directly and find a well-hidden and hard to follow ingredients page to discover there's a lot of shady ingredients, including high fructose corn syrup. For $40 a box, I expect NO CORN SYRUP. I also don't expect propylene glycol (antifreeze) in vanilla, which I expect to be 100% vanilla beans, and NOT artificial vanillin (which sometimes comes from the anal glands of beavers). I'm disappointed in the ingredient quality.<br /><br />http://www.premiumchocolatiers.com/ingredient_info.php<br /><br />Review goes from 5 stars to 3. I'd make it 2, but the extra star is because they ARE quite delicious.
Ive been craving some deer jerky for a while so i gave this one and some others on amazon a try. This one was very sinue and a little too sweet for my taste. Not going to buy again. Im still on my search for the salty dry version im after
I tried this and I found it too salty.<br />Plus I ate this fish sauce with some fish but I realized it was kind of redundant.<br /><br />I'm kidding, of course. This stuff is great!
I don't usually drink tea but I love this one. I thought the shipping price was a little high but love the tea so much that I had to get it. Perfect with a little bit of Honey.
The noodles in the box were all broken.  The sauce was over salted and did not have a good flavor.  I threw out most of the skillet.  I would recommend not purchasing this product.
Cavenders makes the best vinegar and oil dressing ever. couple of tbls of cavenders and 1/4 vinager and 1/4 h2O, rest oil. good!
It's balanced, it's tasty, it's filling, it's good for you -- what more could you ask of a breakfast cereal?<br /><br />I still miss Kellogg's sister product, Just Right, which was a somewhat lighter blend (I loved it, they discontinued it), but Mueslix is a strong second-best.
Don't know why I can't find these in my supermarket but I can't.  You get pack of 5 when you order.  Was afraid 5 boxes would last too long.  Instead found I need to order another 5-pack.
On a trip to Italy, muesli is what all the hotels had for breakfast as their cold cereal and I loved it.  Imagine how excited I was when I saw that Kellog's sold this product.  What did I learn?: despite the similar name, this cereal is quite unlike European-style muesli.  While the overall mix of grains and fruits is similar, this cereal is mostly a flake cereal, while a true muesli has no cereal flakes at all.<br /><br />"Real" muesli is made of rolled (not flaked) grains; this has pluses and minuses.  On the plus side, milk does not turn European mueslis to mush in a couple of minutes like it does flake cereals.  On the minus side, European mueslis have to be soaked in milk or yogurt for about ten minutes or so (i.e. while you are in the shower, or while the coffee is brewing) or the cereal will be a bit on the chewy side.  For those that are concerned about eating processed foods, rolled grains have been processed less than flaked ones.  (Rolled grains are lightly steamed and then rolled and lightly toasted; flaked grains are fully steam-cooked until they are mush, pressed into flakes, fully baked and then usually sprayed with sugar to extend "time-to-mushiness.")  And certainly only the Kellog's product contains HFCS.<br /><br />You owe it to yourself to try one of the many other mueslis from Amazon (or better yet, single boxes from a local health-foods store if you have one) and see what you prefer.  I eat the Bob's Red Mill product available on Amazon (and one of my local grocery chains) instead of this, and am much more satisfied.  I haven't tried Familia (but I'm not crazy about the idea of the "fruit flakes"), and the Dorset products are too fruit and nut heavy for me.  The other products are a hair more expensive than the Kellog's, but I'm willing to plunk down an extra dime or so per breakfast for a far superior product.<br /><br />I'm surprised Quaker doesn't sell a muesli product...  Given that they have to be the largest producer of rolled grains in the U.S., you'd think it would be a natural fit for them.
Recently purchased this cereal assuming it would contain nothing but healthy ingredients, then I read the label and discovered it contains partially hydrogenated soybean oil and high fructose corn syrup.
I bought this product online because, although it is a Kellogg cereal, I cannot find a retail store which carries it, and incidentally I would like to know why. I called Kellogg and they could really give me no good answer, and suggested I try another product of theirs, which i found not as good as this. I appreciate that Amazon offers this, and I will continue to order it.  By the way,  it really keeps me "regular", better than any other cereal.  Try it, you'll like it.
This cereal is difficult to find in the stores so I appreciate being able to purchase it through Amazon.  My husband really likes it and looks forward to the delivering of it every month.  Seems like an unlikely thing to look forward to, but it's the little things that count.  P. Looney
You could find this in local supermarkets about 4 months ago but now it nowhere to be found. Every time Kellogg's makes a great cereal, they quit making it soon after. This is the case with Just Right, THAT WAS THE BEST STUFF ON THE PLANET!
This has been my favorite cereal for probably 20 years.  The grocery stores stopped selling it, so I've started buying it on the web in packs of 5 boxes.  I use them up pretty fast.
I LOVE THIS CEREAL.  NOT ONLY DOES IT TASTE GOOD, IT'S GOOD FOR YOU.  IT'S A PITY THAT I CAN'T FIND THIS CEREAL IN ANY OF THE LOCAL SUPERMARKETS.  OTHER BRANDS DO NOT MATCH UP.
Have been enjoying Mueslix since early '90s.  Some reason, I can not locate mueslix in local supermarkets in New York, so I order through Amazon.  Taste is perfect not so sweet.  I do not care too much about raisins but in this cereal I do enjoy greatly.  It is enjoyable way to supplement fibers with whole grain, a perfect breakfast that lasts until lunch time!  Tried all different kind & choices of many cereals out there but there is nothing like Mueslix;
Amazon's price may be higher than some grocery stores, but it isn't in my store so this is a good way to shop.<br />I first tried this on a Princess cruise ship.  I found it is very good and filling.  It stays with me, which is very important.<br />I am super please to find this!
I almost can't stop eating this cereal...I eat it for breakfast and then in the evening, when I think I want something to eat and am really not hungry, I snack on these.  After all, it's healthy, so long as I remembeer it's not healthy to eat a cup or more.  Enjoy!
Our local stores all stopped carrying this product and were putting their own imitation brands on the shelf......just not the same!  Great that I could order and have my cereal within days!
Mueslix has been my favorite cereal since it came out years ago.  HOWEVER, they have (improved????) it by adding more raisins and nuts to the point of making it too rich!  I simply add about half of a grain cereal, such as cornflakes which also reduces the high price.  Stores keep discontinuing Mueslix to the point that it is hard to find!  Thank you Amazon!
This cereal is hard to find in local stores where I live. My wife and I love this cereal for its taste and healthfulness. Whenever I find it in some hotel breakfast buffets, I am a happy man. I cannot think of eating any other cereal.
Kellogg's Mueslix had replaced local muesli previously served in European B&B's on our last trip. Not available locally, but Amazon provided with a fair price, rapid delivery and no shipping cost with my Prime Shipping. Excellent form of Muesli!
Eating healthy never tasted so good. Tough to find in my local stores but Amazon has it at a great price especially through subscribe and save.
The Kelloggs Muselix are delicious and the delivery was quick.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E6KBSK">Kellogg's Crispy Blend Mueslix Raisins, Dates & Almonds, 15.3-Ounce Unit (Pack of 5)</a>
This cereal is the best cereal on the market.  It has many flavors, including nuts, raisins, dates, and especially a light malt flavor.  I have enjoyed it most mornings for years.
I have been eating Kellogg's Mueslix for years. I love the mix of fruit, almonds, and whole grain. It used to be easy to find but when I couldn't find it in my local super markets, I was afraid it had been discontinued. When I found it on Amazon, I was pretty happy.
It was a sad moment when I was unable to find my favorite cereal in the grocery stores.  I'm not sure why it disappeared, but am so grateful I'm able to purchace this online.  Thanks!
its hard to find in the us my husband frm jamaica and he loves it he says it makes him fill full all day i get it every mo.
My Mom who is in now New York, in an assisted living facility love's this ceral.  She was buying Kellogg's Mueslix when she lived in Florida, but when I went to buy it for her in NY where she is, I had no luck. I called Kellogg's themselves and they directed me to Amazon.com. I was so please that they sold the ceral and I can have it shipped for free to her. I also save money on each box and I also do not have to pay for the shipping. So now you have two happy people, my mom who gets her favorite ceral shipped directly every few months(they send 5 boxes)and me for saving money and time shopping and shipping the package to my mom.
I have been struggling to find them in the shops nearby.<br />Much more convenient to order them through Amazon (slightly more expensive, but I save the gas and the burden).
The Kellogg Mueslix Cereal was ordered one evening and just a couple of days later it arrived. The item was well packed. Contents were fresh. Encountered no problems<br />and plan to use this resource again.
I really like the Mueslix cereal, but the Amazon price is awful.<br />$22.73 for a 5 pack is over $4.50 a box.<br />This product RETAILS in the stores here for around $4 a box (Publix, Kroger, Ingles).<br />So the Amazon price is higher than retail.<br /><br />Mueslix is almost never on sale though, unlike other Kellogg's cereals.<br />1-2 times per year, Publix grocery has all Kellogg's cereals for half price.<br />$2/box is an incredible price and we stock up for the next several weeks.<br /><br />I expected the Amazon price to be more like $3/box, since it was a 5 pack.<br />But boy was I wrong.
It's no secret that high fructose corn syrup is detrimental to your health. Unfortunately, it's also no secret that it has replaced other forms of sugar in a disturbingly large number of manufactured foods. Even worse is that most high fructose corn syrup is made from genetically modified corn.<br /><br />Since the late 1980s, HFCS has replaced regular table sugar, honey, and similar sweeteners in practically everything. Prolonged consumption of HFCS is now the topic of much debate and we are learning that it can cause long-term damage to the body.<br />High Fructose Corn Syrup Dangers<br /><br />1. Significant Risk of Weight Gain & Obesity<br />2. Increased Risk of Developing Type-2 Diabetes<br />3. Hypertension and Elevated "Bad" Cholesterol Levels<br />4.  Long-Term Liver Damage<br />5. Mercury Exposure from HFCS<br /><br />Kelloggs and other manufacturers know this and are slowly getting rid of this sweetner. Look at the cover of Post Rain Bran. They are advertising that it contains NO HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP.I applaud them for this. High Fructose Corn Syrup is made from genetically modified corn from Monsanto which uses systemic pesticides in their seeds which is causing Colony collapse disorder in bees. I am a bee keeper and have been avoiding all products with HFCS in them to save my family and the bees. Watch vanishing of the Bees,Food Matters and Food Inc. They are all sold on Amazon. Excellent movies which will change your health dramatically and the way you think and eat.
Local grocery stores don't carry this cereal so I order it. It is full of nuts, raisins, and other great stuff. I cut up a banana in it instead of adding sugar. My favorite box cereal.
Just got the baby back ribs and the strips of jerky out of the smoker, wow this seasoning really added a lot of flavor, what was surprising was the fact that I knew I had added to much seasoning but it didn't turn out over powering. I would recommend this to anyone who is cooking any kind of meat, the jerky is great, but the ribs are outstanding, and for 27$ including shipping for 12lbs, awesome deal.
I try every Asian salad dressing I can find.<br />This is my favorite one for salads because of it's delicate taste.<br />My other favorite is "Newman's Own, Low Fat Sesame Ginger".<br />The ginger in Newman's gives it a stronger flavor which is great<br />as a marinade or just sprinkle on rice and vege dishes.
Wow, this is soooo good and has easily become my favorite dressing! I typically make my own dressings, however I do use this one as a treat!<br /><br />It was given to me as a gift and I absolutely love it! It's a perfect balance of sweet and oily and bitter. Granted, it needs a good shaking since it's oil based! I absolutely love this and am sad I am running out! If you eat salads like me every day, then you will want this dressing! It's unique and I NEVER had somebody over who didn't love it! :)
i bought the liter size bottles of this dressing on Amazon, so i am assuming they are the same since they have the same name and the nutritional facts are identical. This dressing is definitely too sweet for my taste. My wife agrees. Otherwise very good. I use it on tossed salads only.
Coffee beans did not seem fresh.  No oil on them what so ever.  I have tasted much better and fresher.  Will not order again.
This coffee company delivers on great coffee taste!!  I like my coffee with deep, robust taste and Jeremiah's always is!!  It makes me glad to purchase it!!  Thanks!!
This is a cute product to use in place of sprinkles - the bright colors of candy coating look great, and the chocolate center keeps them from being overly sweet.<br /><br />However this price is roughly double what you pay at Michael's (or Marshall's, when they stock stuff like this). Plus you can get the same product but in a 16 oz bag on Amazon here: http://www.amazon.com/CK-Products-Rainbow-Candy-Coated/dp/B00375LAO0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=home-garden&qid=1300131716&sr=1-1. Comes with Prime shipping too!
Tossed this out after trying it.  Texture and taste were far below expectations.  Seemed kind of mushy and pasty.  Pricy to boot.
I actually gave these to a local baker for my daughters cupcakes. They looked great. Showed up perfectly on white and chocolate icing. In great shape.
This is the first time I've used the coconut oil from Manila Coco Factory and I was so pleased with the taste, smell and overall incredible quality that I will buy more and recommend it to my family and friends.  I am so glad I tried it. I have been using coconut oil for several years and it has changed my life and health.  This oil ranks high in my book. Also, I liked ordering this product through amazon because they make it fast, easy and painless. Thank you for having this product on your site Amazon.
They claim this product is "unadulterated", which would make you think "oh! sweet! it's going to be the BEST, because nobody else's coconut oil says it's "unadulterated".  I checked out their website, and for those of you who don't know... you want to go for COLD PRESSED oils. If they're not cold pressed, it means they've been processed with major machinery and subjected to high heats, which as anything goes, can and usually does, kill any good minerals and vitamins. Their site posts information on their extraction process. As of today, this is what it states:<br /><br />""Manila Coco oil extraction method is through a proprietary, state-of-the-art mechanical expeller (Manila VirginFlo), thermo-stable to hold off the lowest moisture possible (0.1%) to avoid rancidity and keep shelf life consistent up to 3 years under normal conditions. Our oils are 1st and 2nd stage press-induced, without chemical solvents, no bleaching, no deodorizing, no hydrogenation, no fermentation enzymes - to keep its natural light sweet coconut aroma and taste. This method sustains its unique character even when subjected to high (up to 170 degrees Celsius) heat temperatures.""<br /><br />Mechanical Expeller is their form of extraction. And they also say it sustains unique character... blah blah blah... when subjected to high heat temperatures. Therefore, in my personal opinion, it is not as "unadulterated" as their information on their products on Amazon make them sound. I will be steering clear of their products.<br /><br />I'm sorry if my review offends some, but if you're going to pay good money for something, you should know about it. I would use different brands before sticking yourself with this one. I was looking for larger quantities, which is why I looked at this product, however I will be sticking with Nutiva. As their coconut oil is cold pressed soon after the coconuts are cut open. The information below is direct from their website.<br /><br />""What makes Nutiva's virgin coconut oil so special? Much of the magic lies in the way the oil is processed. Within several hours of the coconuts being chopped, the meat is cold-pressed, unlike other varieties of coconut oil which can be left for more than 10 hours before pressing. Nutiva's approach preserves as much of the oil's natural color, flavor and aroma, giving you the best results for any use.""<br /><br />If you don't care about how it's processed, it is still going to be much healthier than your average grocery store found vegetable and canola oils. If you want to read some scary things, look up the dark information on how those are processed. YUCK! Talk about horrifying.<br /><br />Thank you for your time.<br />-Amy<br /><br />PS. I used to be one of those "organic? what kind of fruitcake are you? Think you're more special than anybody else?" people. But I have learned so much in the past year and a half, dealing with my son's allergies and intollerances. There's more to it than "oh it's more expensive, so it's just making me feel special because I can afford it." No. There's WAY more to it than that. I urge everybody to talk to people about organic foods. It's a way of life, a healthier way of life. We all deserve to live healthier. If you live healthier, even though it costs more, in the long term you're saving money because you are healthier. So that means less doctor visits, less expensive (and nasty harmful) medications, etc.
I ordered the White Christmas, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Morning blends last year for the holidays and fell in love with the Christmas eve.  It's the smoothest of the bunch and has such a wonderful flavor, I use it for iced teas all year round.  I can honestly say that I never got into tea that much until I tried STASH teas.  I sent the licorice and lemon flavors to my father, and he called me to ask where I'd gotten it, because his neighbor wanted to get some for his wife, too.  Once tried, you will be addicted. Visit the stashtea website for lots of tea related bits and baubles.  These make perfect hostess gifts over the holidays along with a plate of cookies.
This is my very favorite tea of all. I drink it year-round and never get tired of it like I do of others. It's good any time of the day. Not too strong, but still nicely flavorful, with a good balance of minty/spicy/herbal-y.
Christmas Eve tea (which does not actually contain tea) is not just for Christmas Eve. (Although if you are frazzled, it does releave the stress.) Christmas Eve is good any time. I do not know anyone who doesn't like it, and have often given it as gifts. It is especially nice in the winter when mint teas are a little too brisk and do not produce the same level of cozy comfort as Christmas Eve which is a soothing combination of spices and mint. It is almost as comforting as a cup of warm milk, but without the calories.
Riba foods based in Houston, Texas makes this awesome black bean dip. It is pretty much all natural and without the lard that regular refried bean dip has in it. I am not sure why in Dallas TX it's so hard to find - maybe because Riba has SO Many good flavors??? I make the traditional 7-layer dip with this instead of the refried beans, and am thinking about creating a breakfast quesadilla with this and some verde sauce. Try it, it's not too too spicy but is very good!
I was expecting to receive only Starburst. When I received this it was half Skittles which I did not want or need.  I needed only Starburst.  Next time I will just go to the store.
The Good:<br /><br />Walker shortbread cookies are my favorite, I love them.  I bought the highlanders and each set of cookies came individually wrapped with two cookies each.  If this were the end of it, a five star review.<br /><br />The Bad:<br /><br />Unfortunately, Amazon shipped them in a box that was about the same size as the container they came in from the Walkers cookie company.  After UPS was through with the shipment, my cookies were reduced to crumbs.  I contacted Amazon about this problem without ever receiving a response.  Since I bought these "Shipped and Sold by Amazon", I won't be purchasing these cookies from Amazon again.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GCVLXG">Walkers Shortbread Highlander Shortbread Portion Pack, 1.4 Ounce Units (Pack of 24)</a><br />My family loves these! It's a great 'snack' to carry in the car or it's a wonderful surprise in a lunchbag. The flavor is so rich and pure...I forgot how wonderful these shortbread cookies were. And the price is nice, too...as well as Amazon.com. I love this place!
Walker's Highlanders are my favorite purchased cookie, so it was great to find them pre-packaged into 2 biscuits. Keeps them fresh longer and limits my snacking!
If you like Shortbread you will really like these. Walkers always makes the best Shortbread.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GCVLXG">Walkers Shortbread Highlander Shortbread Portion Pack, 1.4 Ounce Units (Pack of 24)</a>
My cookies were in such tiny broken pieces ,they were useless. Upon complaint, a second mailing arrived several weeks later. The cookies were again in crumbs. The cookies were packed in  a box with a pitiful single air bubble. I gave this feedback and expected some effort to improve on the packing. But no, same packaging, same useless cookies.  Having enjoyed these Highlanders in the past, it was both a disappointment and a big waste of money.
COULDN'T FIND THESE ANYWHERE BUT ON LINE - IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT BECAUSE THEY ARE TRULLY GREAT TASTING COOKIES.
Yes, these cubes are expensive; in fact, I almost gave them four stars for the expense.  Regardless, these sugar cubes are my favorite sugar product.  I've tried every brown sugar and cane sugar product you can find on Amazon and in your grocery store, and none of them compare to the rich, sweet, unique flavor of the brown sugar cubes by La Perruche.  Because I've tried so many brown sugar products, I believe the difference is the terroir, or the ground/land, where this sugar is grown.  La Perruche sugar cubes are made from African grown sugar; more specifically, sugar grown in Swaziland and/or the Congo.  Also, the cubes are denser than many sugar cubes.  I don't know from a scientific perspective how this is accomplished, but the cubes are not regularly sized, but are large and irregularly shaped, and heavier/sturdier than "cut" cubes by other producers.<br /><br />The flavor is a rich, distinct and more molasses-y flavor than other brown sugar cubes, and is somewhat darker as well.  I wish I could describe the flavor better, but it has been several months since I was able to find a somewhat affordable supply.  BTW, now that this product is being sold with free shipping via Amazon Prime, I just purchased several boxes - it is a much better deal as of the date of this review than it was a few months ago.  Recommended!
We love these sugar cubes in the office.  They aren't your grandmother's sugar cube.  They have a rugged appearance (can sugar cubes be considered rugged).  And we combine them with the white sugar cubes from La Perruche.
Love this for espressos...the raw sugar cube is not as sweet as the refined sugars and more rich in flavor.
It's a good idea to have raw sugar type cubes, but this was 3x the cost of granulated raw sugar
Due to my husband's and son's inability to eat gluten, cornstarch is used very frequently in many gluten free recipes.  I am very concerned with the prolific use of GMOs in corn especially and my family's increased consumption of it.  I wanted to find an affordable GMO free cornstarch product to use in all my baking.  Rumford Natural Cornstarch is the one!  I've been using it for months now with great success & satisfaction.
I purchased this product because of its name, "Rumford NATURALS Corn Starch" (the word "Naturals" appears large and clear on the pictured product label). Also, the Amazon description said it was made from "Non-Genetically Modified Corn". The label on the product that I ACTUALLY received does NOT say Rumford NATURALS, but it is still MADE WITH Non-Genetically Modified Corn. I say "made with" because this product now contains more than ONE ingredient. Its ingredients are: Cornstarch, Calcium Sulfate*, and ONE of the suggested servings (1 Tblsp) contains 15% of the "Daily Value" of CALCIUM. That makes this product potentially a good source for dietary calcium supplementation. ON THE OTHER HAND, for persons who must restrict their calcium intake (example, some persons with kidney stones), it can pose a potential problem, even danger. Amazon provides themselves with a nice "out" for this. They list the following: Legal Disclaimer: "Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product." BUT, IT IS NOT FAIR FOR AMAZON TO NOT AT LEAST LIST THE CORRECT INGREDIENTS AND PHOTO OF THE PACKAGE SO THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO ORDER THE PRODUCT IN ORDER TO "READ LABELS" AND FIND OUT WHAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED.<br /><br />I WILL NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN:<br /> * because I don't need extra calcium<br /> * because I don't believe that the Calcium Sulfate was added out of interest in the consumer's health<br />  but to make the product cheaper to produce so it can be priced competitively with other brands<br />  and still be touted as having been made from/with Non-Genetically Modified Corn<br /> and just on principal because I can't afford to throw it away and did not want the hassle of returning it.<br /><br />I am very, very displeased with Amazon's incorrect listing of the product, which was brought to their attention when I purchased it in February 2012, and so far nothing has been done.<br /><br />*Although Calcium Sulfate is considered a safe food additive it is basically the same thing as Plaster of Paris. AND, if you use too much of this product (basically the same amount as I had previous used of pure CORN STARCH), the very stiff sediment in the bottom of the cooking container (I make pudding in Pyrex in a microwave and usually stir it only every 30 seconds) will remind you of damp plaster!
Was really bummed to find out that these chocolates had melted before they got to my daughter for her bday.  Seems that they should not be sold online if there is not a way to keep them 'safe'.  :-(
If you love garlic, I recommend this flavored oil.  It is true to its name.  I was not expecting it to be so strong, so if I use it for cooking or dipping bread, I will mix it with some unflavored olive oil in the future.
These things are AWESOME. Perfect size, truly wafer thin, consistent thickness of dark chocolate over minty interior. They are like what would happen if you could run a steamroller over a junior mint. I first tried them when I was living in Germany 16 years ago, and to this day no other mint comes close. And the copycat ones? Disgusting. Go for the original. You won't regret it. Each mint is in its own sleeve, so you can pass them out without ever touching one. Elegant and delicious. Love them!
Love these mints.  They melt in your mouth and taste better than any others I have tried.  Just wish they weren't so expensive.  You can't eat just one, a couple.  They are addictively delicious.
I got it for my girlfriend. Very good stuff. Now everybody in the house eats them. Very hight quality if you are into chocolate and mint.
A friend's favorite candy is "After Eight", but they are not available anywhere in my area.  I couldn't find them on-line either.  Amazon.com came through.  These are imported from England and the most delicious peppermint.  These are so thin with a smooth mint cream center and a dark chocolate shell.  If you just want a little taste of mint, this is for you.  Really special with a cup of hot coffee!
Nature's Recipe is now a division of that mega company Del Monte Foods.<br /><br />The Test<br /><br />The neat thing about this food is that it really does look like the photograph on the bag. It consists of smallish kibble with pieces of dried carrots and peas mixed in. When the bag was first opened the girls ate small amounts of Farm Selects unmixed and readily took to it. Since then they've been eating it mixed with their Blue food.<br /><br />I thought Evie and Piper might fuss with the dried vegetables in there, but they don't specifically target the vegetables to leave behind.<br /><br />The quality of this food is obvious to one who reads the ingredient list. Only one ingredient, that animal digest, makes me cringe a little. The girls don't mind it a bit. For goodness alone I can heartily recommend this natural food, but the price on it is relatively high. Rachel Ray's dry dog food, for example, is about half the price of Farm Stands Selects, and Buffalo Blue is about the same price. For a household like ours with three dogs, the Farm Stands Selects is too pricey  to feed the girls exclusively. We'd feel obliged to mix another good, but less expensive food with it. For those with one pet and for whom money is not an issue, I say you can't go wrong with Farm Selects.
You will not find a better loose green tea for the price.  I was able to get free shipping as well since I bought it with something else that totaled over $25.  This is the tea used by many Japanese people.  Do not fall for those high-priced "organic" green teas produced by American companies.  They are good...but you are not getting anything better than Hime Ban Cha Tea.
This is the favorite green tea in our household.  Been using it for years.  Was happy to find it here on Amazon, otherwise we had to travel about forty miles to an oriental grocery store to purchase it.  Can't even buy any leaf tea of any kind in regular grocery stores any more.  By the way "Ban Cha" in Japan simply means common or everyday tea.  Not ceremonial.
I love this tea!! It is so flavorful yet there is no cut grass or off flavor as with some green teas. It is so mild that even left steeping it does not become bitter.It has a very mellow flavor that my kids enjoy too.It's great without sweeteners.<br /> It is a loose leaf tea and when steeped the leaves unfurl,long and slender. A little tea goes a long way. Enjoy!
I have been drinking this green tea for sometime and was purchasing it when I was going to Syracuse every summer.  This year I stopped going there and didn't know where I was going to buy my tea until I spotted it on Amazon and purchased it.  I was so pleased  that I could get it, so I am now a happy camper once again.
This is the real deal. Genmai Cha. Loose green tea and roasted brown rice. Not in bags. Originally known as the "Peoples Tea" for those who couldn't afford better. Very popular because of its mild flavor. You can drink it all day long (like I do). You won't be disappointed.
Gatorade G2 is the way to go when you want the benefits of Gatorade without quite so much sugar. As I am in a "pre-diabetes" state these days, I am drinking this type of Gatorade instead of the regular Gatorade which has noticeably more sugar in it. The really good thing is that this still replenishes carbs and electrolytes after I exercise without putting unnecessary extra sugar into my system.<br /><br />G2 comes in flavors including fruit punch and grape.<br /><br />If you're on the go, the advantage of these bottles of Gatorade is this: because the bottles are smaller you can carry them with you much easier than if you took the regular, larger size bottles of Gatorade G2.<br /><br />I highly recommend this drink if you need extra carbs or electrolytes after exercising; it replenishes them very well without the extra sugar found in regular Gatorade.
All my fault. I thought this would be a carton of 3 boxes of cereal.  Instead it was 1 box of cereal for 12.99. Who sells cereal for this price plus $8.00 shipping ? I feel stupid!  Buyer Beware!
This is not jerky, this is processed, hard like a rock, very greasy and stale smelling stripe of something that you can't break into anything smaller than 2 inches long and that certainly is not the size of a training treat! The dogs- 45lb dogs that will eat anything- were not impressed, it was hard to chew, and it sounded like they were crunching rocks, most of them spat it out after a few chews, left it there, this would be the first time they would not eat something in their entire lives, these dogs will work for lettuce. Where is a zero star button?
I ordered both the beef and Turkey flavors. My dogs would not even take these in their mouths. Both flavors were  very dry and had no real aroma to them. Try a small quantity first. i  donated the entire order to the Humane Society.
This does not reflect on the product but my shi-tzus took them and left them laying on the carpet. Normally with chicken or turkey snacks, they go nuts.I donated both containers to the Humane Society. I'd try a smaller quantity for a first order.
This is not jerky, this is processed, hard like a rock, very greasy and stale smelling stripe of something that you can't break into anything smaller than 2 inches long and that certainly is not the size of a training treat! The dogs- who will eat anything- were not impressed, it was hard to chew, and it sounded like they were crunching rocks, where is a zero star button?
My partner is very happy with the tea, and is feeling much better since starting to drink it.<br />She has been drinking it both hot (normal) and iced (chilled) and likes the refreshing nature of it.
This tea won an award in the USA and I know why...."Mandarin Silk Loose Leaf Oolong Tea"  is like the name suggests "Silk" silk on your tongue.  A tea that has a warm, relaxing taste that makes you feel wonderful...Well done "Art of Tea"!
I originally ordered two teas from Art of Tea - the Silver Needles and the Coconut Creme. When my package came in, they had shipped the Coconut Creme and mistakenly bundled it with this Mandarin Silk tea by accident. I contacted Amazon and they refunded the Silver Needles and told me I could "dispose of the Mandarin Silk Oolong as I saw fit." Well, since I'm never one to turn down tea, I chose to dispose of it by, well, drinking it.<br /><br />This isn't a bad tea, first off. I don't have too much experience with oolongs, but I do like the flavor of this. However, I don't taste too much of the mandarin. It almost tastes sort of like a straight green tea, and it has a similar light green/yellow color. I drink it with a little honey.<br /><br />All in all, it's a decent tea. I don't think I'll order it again, but I'll certainly finish off this tin.
These are identical to "Jay's hot chips" (are they made by the same company?).  They have a slightly sweet taste, with a nice bit of heat. Definately not overwhelming heat, on a heat scale of 1-5, I would give these about a 2.  Regarding the texture, these are not kettle cooked chips, so they do not have much crunch, they are comparable to regular Lays chips.  For about $1 a bag, they are a great deal.
I first had these Uncle Ray's chips a few years ago while traveling out west. I tracked them down on Amazon and recognized the name. They are just as good as I remember: smoky sweet with just enough kick, and there's adequate seasoning on all of the chips. Each bag also has a little story, courtesy of Uncle Ray, that usually has some moral message or anecdote. They are pretty funny, but not intentionally. My only problem with these chips is their texture. They're a bit thin, and there's not much of a crunchy texture. Otherwise, these are good chips and well worth trying out.
I am from Michigan but have a vacation home in Canada. I have always been a fan of the primarily Canadian product "ketchup chips". Uncle Rays is a brand I've seen around there frequently. Since this is such a hard to find product I expected to pay big bucks to buy it online. Imagine my surprise when I found these chips on Amazon for a little over a dollar a bag- CHEAPER than the retail I would pay in Canada. Unbelievably delicious! Ps. The dill pickle chips are really good too :)
Mine came with stickers to sell them for $1.59 but they cost more like $1.25 so if for retail that is not much of a mark up. I bought these for myself so that doesn't really matter and they are cheap. Similar to Lay's but cheaper. Unlike other knockoffs these seemed to taste fresher and the convenient size minimizes stale chips. Great product. Great price.
I'm not a potato chip addict, but sometimes like them as a snack.<br /><br />I chose these because I'd never tried them before.<br /><br />They are delicious, zesty, slightly sweet and spicy.It's like a combination of sweet and tart at once. The oils in these chips are better for health. It is hard to put the bag down.<br /><br />They are made in Detroit Michigan and contain no trans fats, that's good enough for me. Try them.
These are some of my favorite chips on the planet! They are light, crisp, & not too greasy. The flavor is very Dilly. Love that! Great chips. Just hard to find.
These chips are really good. They taste better than other name brands. They're cheaper too!!  They aren't too salty like other brands. The flavors blend really well. Just the right amount of sour cream and onion flavor with a little salt mixed in. Once I start eating them, it's hard to stop!! LOL<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these potato chips rather than another name brand. Not sure if I can state the name brand or not. :)
4 bags of chips were open when I received the shipment. I am hoping that the chips were<br />blew open during shipment in flight.  No more chips for me through Amazon.  Otherwise,<br />the chips are good to eat and very salty.
Not as thick as kettle chips we have had in the past, definitely more like a potato chip and the college crowd loves it.  Interestingly enough they feel more 'gourmet' when eating these. The flavor is not heavily garlic while you can easily taste the cheese.
We have ordered Uncle Rays BBQ chips many times before. Always been pleased, except this order!  Just NOT the same<br />Seasoning as usual. Generally lacked much for taste! Not sure if they have reduced the seasoning, in their processing? But out of case we bought, we have opened and thrown away 3 bags already, VERY disappointed with this order!
I have loved ketchup flavored potato chips since I was a kid and spent my summers at my grandparents in Canada. This is a very popular flavor there and seems to be always available. I recently got back from a trip to Montreal, where I ate at least a pack a day. I decided I really wanted some around and was happy when I found these on Amazon. Unfortunately, the flavor is nowhere close to the brands I've tried before. There's a sort of smoky, barbeque sauce thing going on. Not that they're as good as BBQ potato chips (which I love), they just don't taste like ketchup. I tried to get through a bag over a couple of weeks to see if they would grow on me, then just threw them all out. Yuck!
I thought they were very good chips, delicious!  and as soon as i run out, i'll be ordering more very soon.
After reading all the good reviews on these chips I have to admit I was disappointed. Perhaps I just ended up with a bad batch, but I could barely taste the vinegar and there seemed to be far too many burnt (and I mean BLACK) chips in these bags. Hopefully the other flavors are better, but I'm going to stick with other brands from now on.
These are hard to find, but worth the trouble.  Very tasty and very reasonably priced.  Love the product, and received very quickly.
I love uncle ray's potatoe chips. They have alot of spice on each chip.  They taste spicy with a tang of sweet. When I order a box, I pass them out to friends who love them. My husband, my kids and I eat a whole bag at a time.  I limit myself to ordering only twice ayear. The salt content makes me blow up, but I still love them.
I LOVE Old Dutch Ketchup chips but they are no where to be found in the US and pricey on eBay.  I tried Herr's but they were dull - very ketchupy but not the tangy-vinigary ketchup bite that Old Dutch has (makes your mouth hurt  in a good way if you eat too many!).  Uncle Rays are decent - more of a kick - many "loaded" chips which I like, still, not the addictive bite I love.  So - if you love Herr's these may be too much for you.  If you love Old Dutch give these a shot.  I am still on my quest for something equal to Old Dutch!!
I confess, I was originally looking at a different "name" brand, but they were out of the salt and vinegar, which is the only flavor I eat.  I had never even heard of Uncle Ray's, let alone tried them, but the price was reasonable and it helped me qualify for free super saver shipping.  I am happy to say I was very pleasantly surprised with these chips.  Somehow or another, even though they just seem to be in a normal box, when I opened that first bag I had a nice mix of big chips and little chips.  The salt and vinegar blend well, so much so that the flavors sometimes sneak up on you-- it sometimes seems that with the first crunch you taste salt and the second crunch gives the vinegar.  In any case, they're terrific.  I was a little reluctant about buying a somewhat large quantity of an unknown product, but I'm very glad I took the chance.
It's difficult to purchase "no-salt" potato chips at most retail stores, so I ordered a case of 3 ounce bags of Uncle Rays.  They are great.  Not oily and they taste great.  You get the potato flavor instead of just salt.  I'll be buying these from now on!
We can rarely find these potato chips where we live, so I decided to find them online to satisfy our cravings. We cannot be happier with the ordering from Amazon! The chips arrived fast and in a box that protected them from crushing. Excellent and will be ordering again!
These had heat and had good enough coating of the seasoning. The first 2 cases were amazing best i had ever. Then they restocked and tried 4-5 cases and they taste either like plain chips or slight hint of seasoning on them. What a shame they seemed to cut back on quality to save money. Bad Uncle Ray!
The flavor combination of the ketchup chips was very good.  However, the coating was applied so heavily that the chips were gritty, and thickly encrusted with it. The flavoring grit coated my lips and mouth with grit and crumbled and fell off all over my clothes.  Messy and unpleasant.  Needs lighter flavor coating.
The Uncle Ray's BBQ Potato Chips are comparable to Lays or most commonly available chips in local markets.  The BBQ spice ia a bit too much; the one pound bags consisted of about half broken chips.  I won't think about buying these again, even with the discounted price and will pay a bit more for a much better kettle fried potato chip.
Bought Uncle Ray's Wavy's 16 oz potato chips because purchased  Uncle Ray's 16 oz barbque potato chips in the past and was very pleased. Oh how wrong we were.  Do not purchase the Wavy's chips!!!!!!!!!!  They are the quality of buying a no name bag of chips from a roadside service station store; broken, brown, very poor quality.  Very, very disappointed.  DO NOT.......DO NOT......DO NOT purchase Uncle Ray's 16 oz Wavy potato chips<br /><br />OCTOBER 03, 2012<br /><br />Bought Uncle Ray's sour cream and onion flavored chips for the 5th shipment with extreme disappointment. The other (4) four shipments were very good which is why we continued to buy this flavor.<br /><br />The additive that when you like an item and start to buy a lot, it will change for the worse is proving to be true for us.  This shipment of chips are awful.  Bags are extremely deflated, so was expecting to be stale; however, was not so - cannot not explain the semi-flat bags.  Chips seem to be the bottom of the barrel flakes.  You know when you try to salt your food and the top comes off, the seasoning on these chips is like that.  It appears that the top came off a full bottle or these are the bottom of the barrel crumbled chips where the seasoning has covered the chips too, too much. .  We just opened (3)three bags just now because the first bags was awful, opened second bag - awful, opened 3rd bag - also was awful.  LEFT WITH 6 MORE ,PROBABLY NOT EDIBLE, BAGS. THE CHIPS REALLY APPEAR TO BE THE NOT SO FRESH, BURNED/BOTTOM OF THE BARREL, GET RID OF LEFTOVERS.  VERY, VERY, DISAPPOINTED.  WILL NOT BUY AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have now tried both the Ocean Fish and Tuna and the Duck and Chicken variety of this food.  My cat seems to prefer the taste of the duck and chicken a little better, but I will probably rotate them both because of the health benefits he's gotten (especially from the ocean fish and tuna) that have included a softer coat and less scratching and biting of himself and shedding.  Also, with this food, he doesn't drink much water, but still goes potty alot, so I feel good that he's getting plenty of fluids in his diet.  My only complaint with this brand, and why I only give it 4 stars, is that it has little pieces of potato? and whole peas in it, which my cat eats around and ends up being wasteful, which I don't like given the price.  Not that big of a deal, but it is a minor inconvenience that I have to clean leftover bits out after each feeding as opposed to just washing his empty bowl daily.  (In case you are wondering, it is approximately 4 to 6 whole pea/1.5 pea size potato? bits per 1/4 to 1/2 can.)
Who doesn't like vegetables that are portable and at a great price?  Can't beat the convenience at about 4 cents per package!
Everything AmeriColor that I have purchased works great! I was looking for some lighter tone colors, everything I had was pretty bright. These sheen colors are light with a pretty sheen, it's great! Thank you!
I love the metallic and sheen colors.  In a photo, the items airbrushed with the silver and gold look real.  The sheen really kicks the color up a notch.
ordered these for my daughters wedding cake overnight so that i would get them the next day<br />they came four days after wedding<br />but they are nice
Just in case, if anyone doesn't know what WHITE tea is, as opposed to green or black, let's quote Wikipedia: "white tea is fast-dried, while green tea is roasted in an oven or pan (while kept moving for even curing). Oolong and black teas are fermented before curing." What does it mean? For me, it translates into my favorite beverage to start the day with and to keep me going through the day. Objectively and scientifically speaking, white tea is said to have more anti-oxidants and less caffeine so, in my view, it's overall better than coffee or the black or green varieties.<br /><br />This particular product, while it comes in tea bags, it's not exactly your 'supermarket' variety. Unlike the cheap teas, black, green, herbal or white that are delivered crushed inside paper bags, the 'Choice' brand is delivered in pyramid shaped, biodegradable, nylon-like bags that ensure that what you get is actual leaves, not some indistinct crushed powder.<br /><br />This being a white tea, 'delicate' and 'subtle' and the required adjectives to use but they may not apply in this case. I found the added flowers to be a little too strong, bordering to overpowering for my taste. The Lychee and Osmanthus aromas can be an acquired taste - think of sweet, green apples for an equivalent more familiar aroma. If it's not 'love at the first sip', give it some time and you may not only tolerate it but prefer it to other flavors. Or not.<br /><br />INGREDIENTS:<br /><br />- organic, fair trade certified White Tea<br />- natural Lychee flavor<br />- organic Osmanthus flavor<br />- contains caffeine<br /><br />The somewhat off-balance added flavors and the premium price are not likely to turn me into a repeat customer. Time will tell but at this time 3 stars (meaning 'it's Okay') seem to be the fair rating.
As soon as I opened the teabag envelope, the smell was truly Divine Nasal Candy :-).  As good as the bag and the lingering scent on the envelope smelled, the tea proved to be rather bitter.  I may have steeped it too long, so will see if the bitterness abates steeping less.  However, as I prefer milk or cream products in flower teas, the bitterness was soon dispelled with a little soy creamer and an enjoyable cup was had.  Lychee is truly a wonderful flavor for tea.  I suspect the flowers added to this lychee tea may contribute to the bitterness in the straight tea.  Will definitely reorder.
If you're looking at Choice tea, you're probably already aware that this extraordinary company was a pioneer in the use of organic, fair trade ingredients for tea.<br /><br />But Choice is also innovative both in design and in creative ingredient combinations. As for design, Lychee White is part of Choice's new line, characterized by an innovative biodegradable pyramid-shaped tea bag which allows for the use of regular loose tea leaves. As for creative ingredient combinations, this healthy white tea is enhanced by the ethereal marriage of natural lychee flavor and sublime organic osmanthus blossoms. The flavor and scent is one to savor and celebrate.
Sent very prompty, tea is delicious, will continue to use this company with great enthusiasm.
I loved this tea! It is refreshing and delicious with or without sweetener. A great buy! I would definitely recommend this product!
3 boxes, under $6 each for all cherry - great buy.  I couldn't find all cherry in the store and don't really care for the other flavors.
Almost 150 Charms Blow Pops for less the 10 cents each.  These are great for bribing my children and a trip down memory lane.
Be careful!  I ordered a pack of 6, my invoice says pack of 6, but I received only 1 stick.
Even though the item says "Pack of 6," I only received one. I called them up to see where the other 5 were, and they said that Amazon put it incorrectly. Seriously?? They are issuing a refund, but still. I wanted 6, which is what the item says, and instead and only getting the 1. Should we just not trust what's on Amazon now???
this salsa is definitely one for the books!! A perfect blend of the jolokia pepper and seasonings that made this the perfect dip for half-time.. Grown men crying because it's soooo hot is a small price to pay for this awesomeness in a jar... perfect for my cream cheese dip too! A+ across the board.
This salsa was delicious. It was very spicy as I'm sure you've guessed, but was also pretty dang tasty. It was a bit sweeter than I prefer my salsa and given the price I don't think it is something I would eat with any frequency but definately worth the novelty and if sweet and spicy salsas are your thing, you just might end up loving it!
Nice combination of ingredients so that it is VERY hot, yet still has great flavor. It has a little added sugar, which adds a nice bit of sweetness to the mix. For the hotter salsas, you really can't go wrong with this. This is one of my top four favorites, which include Mrs. Renfros hot salsa, Screaming Sphincter and Pain is Good #37.
I am very acustom to spicy foods and this has a very rich flavor. Half the bottle was devoted to given people my "not so hot salsa " reactions amazing . Worth the money! as for me eating it the title says it all
My cats (7 of them) love this food so I was glad to see Amazon is carrying it again. The local stores do not carry a 15 lb bag, only the 3.5lbs and 12 lbs. This food is sealed very well, and is fresh. I have tried expensive brands and really cheapo brands of cat food, and so far 9 lives agrees very well with my cats. This food does not "rifle" through them or cause overly offensive litter pan odors (like cheapo cat food) and their digestive and urinary tracts are all healthy. My cats ages range from 3 years to 18 years old, and believe me, this 9 Lives brand and flavor are something they all like. The price is a really good deal especially for prime as the shipping is free.<br /><br />I also buy the Iams in the orange bag for my cats for a variety and putting some of that in a bowl dry as well as wetted down with water in another bowl is something they really love. Again, no intestinal issues or litter pan issues as they have been eating this combination for several years now.<br /><br />If you do try this, or switch your cat(s) over, be patient as it may take a week or so for your cats digestive system to adjust. In the end, I think you will be very pleased with the quality and price.<br /><br />Also, we used to take in foster cats, and fed them this 9 Lives brand, and they all did very well.
my cats favorite cat food he is very pickey and will not eat a lot of different cat foods but he loves this one
I used to buy this at Target but it's cheaper at Amazon.<br /><br />My cat goes crazy when I get out the bag so I know she loves it. Cheap to boot, also!<br /><br />I don't really stress out about which exact ingredients are in cat or dog food. I figure it's all pretty decent so why not save a little money...
There are 4 kittens that started hanging outside the house and I started feeding them.  Rather than buying the smaller bags, this is a great value for multiple cats.  The kittens love the food and always look forward to eating it.  Shipped right to your door.  Can't go wrong with that!
I purchase 2 15 pound bags of 9 Lives Daily Essentials a month for my daughter's cats. They love it. She says they often gather around the carton and wait for her to open it. They know what's in there and can't wait for it to be opened. If the cats love it, we love it. Isn't that how it goes?
My cats love this food. For the money it is a great product. I get it every month.  The cats love the flavor.
As the ingredients contained in this food are not the optimal food sources essential to a cat's well being, I don't actually feed my cats this dry food.<br /><br />Corn is the first ingredient, which is a food my cats really don't crave.  There is a meat source as the second ingredient, but unfortunately, it is a by-product.  Although there are a couple of other meat sources listed in the ingredients, the addition of artificial preservatives and coloring make this cat food a less than desirable food staple for any cat.<br /><br />However, the Amazon price is good and with Amazon prime 2-day free shipping directly to work, this is a very convenient food for the shop cats I feed.  While the ingredients aren't the best, feeding it along with canned food, it is a balanced diet and seems to keep the shop cats healthy.
I have 6 feral cats that I trapped, neutered/spayed and released.  They still hang around our property so of course we feed them.  They really like 9 lives and I believe it is good for them.  Being old and my husband handicapped, it is so easy for us to have it delivered right to our door step instead of wrestling with the bags at the store and unloading when we get home.  I am very satisfied with the product and Amazon.  The subscribe and save option is even better as I don't have to remember to order it.
My two cats love this cat food more than the kirkland signature brand.  It's also very cheap and affordable cat food at walmart. I would recommend this cat food over meow mix or friskies any day.  Get 9lives dry cat food.  It's one of the better brands out there.
One of my kitties is a complete snob when it comes to food and she loves this. Great product to buy.
My cat will NOT eat this food. I don't know why, but it was a waste of money. I was looking for something cheap so I guess you get what you pay for.
i love these pop.  these are rather small pops about 1/2 the size of a tootsie pop.  they come in many flavors.  i think this bag is great in the long run.  300 just think Halloween.
dum dum lolly pops are the best! they come i lots of kinds and tast really good!
This stuff is great if you're looking for a non-alcoholic vanilla extract...yes this is really a vanilla extract not just a flavor like the essence stuff. I read somewhere on the net that the only reason they can't call it an extract is because it wasn't extracted by alcohol so legally they have to call it a flavor.<br />The smell and color are gorgeous plus its fair trade certified, the texture is a little bit like honey, I think it's the glycerin.<br /><br />Going to buy again for sure.
Not paying attention, I thought this product was simply vanilla extract when I purchased it, tried it in my coffee, and got a shock. Yummy!  I had to go examine the bottle, and realized my yummy mistake.  I wonder what glycerin is, what it's made of...? is it a fat?<br />At any rate, it is delicious!
I like the fact that this vanilla flavor has no alcohol in it so i could add it to my baby's pancakes.  It does not taste the same to me as the regular stuff.  It is rather bland in my opinion.
I prefer the taste of this over the alcohol-based vanilla extracts, particularly in uncooked items and beverages. It has a fairly thick/syrupy consistency.
Raw, Organic, Fair Trade, Tastes Great... What's not to love? My hope is that as more people buy their amazing chocolates that the price will come down a bit.
I just received these bricks today and was very disappointed to find that BOTH of the bricks were broken and unusable as a serving/cooking plate.  They were busted completed in half. They were packaged in one sleeve of small bubble wrap in a shallow box with no other protection or packaging in the box.  I went online to try and return them and they are not eligible for return.  This is the first return I've ever tried to do in over 7 years of purchasing items off of amazon (to the tune of several orders a month!) and yet the one time that I want to return a defective product, I can't do it.  I will be much more careful about what is eligible for returns and what isn't in the future.
Excellent in cereal, or on top icecream sundae. I use them in my ramen noodle hot/sour soup as well.  very very GOOD.  almost a lite peanut flavor.  not too much salt, very lightly seasoned. a must try for anyone wanting a low calorie addition of protien into diet.  even the dog loves them. thinks they are some special treat.
Items in this Gift Basket was delivered to people who called me to say "could not eat any of it, because everything was old and stale."  I was sad and disappointed. Time and effort, as well as money to get this, only to find out - terrible.
Very disappointed with purchase.  The dates were so dried up where it tasted like leather instead of dates.  Must have been sitting there for a long long time.
I ordered three of the trays (being a date nut) and found that two were old or stale. I admit to not checking the out-of-date on the exterior package, but still - dried out fruit.?! The last tray was fresher, but the experience was soured at that point. I'm disappointed.
Buying this product seems to be almost literally like rolling the dice in a game of craps!<br /><br />My experience with this seems to be similar to the experience of "Peter R.", unfortunately.<br /><br />The price was excellent.  I ordered mine after the date of " J. Robert Bois'" positive experience / review was written but before the date of "Cindy 2366's" positive experience / written review.  I bought these & gave them to my Dad, as he *LOVES* dates.  I noticed when I was visiting him, the dried fruit basket was hanging around in his 'fridge a lot longer than any other date basket I had ever ordered for him.<br /><br />Finally I asked him about them.  He said that he did not want to be rude to me or hurt my feelings but....  the dates, well, he was wondering if he should try & eat the seeds in the center & see if they were soft, because the dates themselves were hard as a rock & tasted stale.  I was mortified to say the least...  Then he wanted to know (jokingly) if he had done something to make me mad & I bought these for him as his punishment.  (No, but I had to laugh when he asked about that.)<br />Me personally, I have not tried them.  I will take his word for it!  :)<br /><br />I told him to throw it away or put it out for the squirrels.  After a week of offering the dates,  I picked them up out of his backyard and threw them away.  The squirrels, opossums, & raccoons declined to dine on the dates.<br /><br />It seems to be hit or miss with the "Broadway Basketeers Irish St. Patrick's Dried Fruit Gift Basket" purchase.<br /><br />I will not say flat out "NO!  Do Not Purchase This Item, It is Not Good!"  That is a choice you will have to make on your own.  I just wanted to pass along my experience with the gift basket.<br /><br />Thank Goodness I caught it when it was on special & did not have the full current purchase price invested in the box!  I would have been really sad then!<br /><br />Amazon, as usual, did a fabulous job with the shipping, packaging, and they arrived quickly, in the time frame advertised / promised.<br /><br />Best of luck & I hope others have better experiences than my Dad / I had!<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004134H9W">Broadway Basketeers Irish St. Patrick's Dried Fruit Gift Basket</a>
Bought this for my mom for her birthday, she was dying to open it so we could all try it. It was nice and fresh and everything tasted great! Wish I had bought one for myself!
These dates were absolutely delicious. I was a little bit worried because the one product review that it had was only one star. But as I looked at all the other date reviews, the trend seemed to be bad reviews in the Fall timeframe. I had these delivered mid-January and must say they were quite exquisite. Many thanks for a great treat at a large dinner party.
This tea is a new flavor of black tea by Tazo. It's better than some other brands but not even close to beIng as good as their old flavor of black tea with citrus (which they took off the market). I don't think this tea is worth sending away for because you can buy it locally in most grocery stores.
Expensive, but worth it, and Ive tried every Iced tea out there. Lipton is pretty good too, but this is the best!! Tetleys sux, and many other Iced teas like Bigelow are terrible, but this is great! Like the coffee shop
I have nine cats and they are crazy about these kibbles! The last thing you want is 20lbs of cat food the cats hate, but I'll be buying them more of this...
This vendor is unscrupulous. She ripped off her cultures from other collectors and shamelessly claims them as her own. She has no conscience and I would highly recommend that you do your purchasing elsewhere.
I have used your product for years and find myself in a town where they are sold only in very small bottles.  I am used to buying your product by the half gallon and would like to make my purchases online.  I have tried using other products which pale in comparison to your Original Barbecue Sauce.
If you like soft licorice, these cats aren't for you.<br /><br />A perfect anise-y balance of salty and sweet, these little licorice kitties are perfect! You pop one (or several) in your mouth and let them melt a bit before you embark on your flavorful chewy journey.<br />Hard exterior. Lasts forever if you suck on them. Everlasting licorice Katjes!!<br /><br />Very fresh. Super fast shopping too. Thank you guys!
After searching for a more constant and less expensive supply of "real" licorice over my favorite (more about that later), I decided to try this one based upon other reviews and the description. I have to say that I was disappointed. It is not intense enough and a bit too salty for my preference since all that I noticed was salt and more salt until it got down to the licorice flavor which I would charactize as "modest". My all time favorite licorice was discovered years ago while visiting a St. Louis mall has been and remains an excellent choice made by Bissinger's Chocolate Company and they call it French Long Licorice. It is not noticeably salty and packed with flavor without being a sicky-sweet candy. I say that and caution licorice lovers to know their favorite "type" of licorice; this is important when reading reviews and purchasing. I was looking for something not American-style junk candy, with actual licorice extract not anise, chewy, lasting, with true strong licorice flavor and no other flavor overtones.<br /><br />As far a Bissinger's is concerned, they do not make this licorice year round nor advertise it on their website or in their catalogs so you have to call their toll free number and ask if it has been in production. It is expensive but well worth it for excellent flavor and lasting ability (I can enjoy one for at least 15 minutes if I don't chew). These are my favorite thing to have when reading a great book and I limit myself to 2 at a sitting for my "fix"; okay, sometimes 3 if it is a superb book:D.<br />The last time I ordered it they were generous and added a pound of their premium chocolate as a thank-you for being a customer that troubled to find their particular product because I do not live near one of their stores and unless I visit say St. Louis (where it is headquartered) I have to mail-order.Anyway, I prefer my licorice hard and let it soften in my mouth so when I get an order ($56 for 2lbs) I leave it out lightly wrapped for a few days to harden off. That makes it last longer in my mouth and does not affect flavor but that it personal mouth feel preference. It frezes without problems so I will just have to go back to that and pay for my pleasure and stock up :). Licorice-gotta have it!
Very firm small pieces with an intense licorice flavor. I love black licorice and have been trying different gluten free options. I will be ordering more of this one.
I don't know whether it was a fault in the packaging or if they were just past their prime, but they were rock hard and the flavor was not strong enough.
This was a disappointment.  I use other products from this line/manufacturer on a regular basis.  I bought this item as a convenience to carry liquid Stevia in my purse.  The first time I went to use it, the liquid was a dark color...almost black..and I had to throw out the latte I was trying to sweeten.  All the manufacturer's other liquid products are clear, and, in fact, this is titled "clear liquid".  It must have been outdated/spoiled. I had already thrown the packing out, so don't know how it was dated.  I tried calling the Amazon supplier, but the call rolled into voice mail.  It's not enough money to spend time following-up, but it was disappointing.
Cans are lined w/ material that contains BPA which means the effort to grow the tomatoes organically was a waste of time.<br /><br />12-5-10  I didn't see the liner when I opened a different can from the same case.  I'm scratching my head.
These tomatoes taste like home canned. When summer is over and heirloom tomatoes no longer are available at the farmers market, these serve as an excellent reminder of the past season and a promise of the next. I originally bought these organic tomatoes for my stepfather, whose heart disease dictated a low sodium diet. And they are incredibly low in sodium. But I soon bought them for myself after I tried them just once. When the local organic grocery store and then Sprouts stopped carrying them, I turned to Amazon for a case. They are as much a staple in my pantry as olive oil.
the ingredients are simple and pure and one of the few brands that does not add unnecessary additives.  Generally I like to make my own sauce from scratch, but this is my second choice if I am short on time.  Its taste good and not artificially sweet.  I love the bionaturae products including the tomato paste.
These are the best canned tomatoes I have tasted. They have a fresh flavor, similar to home-canned. This is my second time buying a set. They are a little more acidic/bright, and have a rounder flavor than other tomatoes. Comes with a basil leaf in each can. Note, the 28 oz tins are a better value than the 14 oz ones.
These arent diced, its just mush, But I like the no bpa and would buy again for that reason- but dont expect diced.
Well one of my friends asked for a really big bag of gummy bears, she was very pleased when she opened the box. Than her co-worker really like these gummy bears to.
I have been eating these since about 5 years old and are my favorite chips in the world! just dont eat too many of them!
I love these chips and couldn't contain my happiness when I recieved my box!! Love them, if you love spicy foods...get these!!
I ordered these lollipops for a friends Wizard of Oz themed shower. The arrived packaged well but I noticed the box said they're from "Oriental Trading Company".  If I wanted a cheap product that I knew was low quality and from China then I would have bought them directly from their site at $7 for 38 of them!!! However, from the picture these looked well made. The picture is very deceiving and so is the description. They show 16 same-colored lollipops...mine came in a variety of colors. They also gave dimentions that the lollipops were 6"x2". I noticed they looked a bit small and when I measured they didn't even come to 5" long, not any of them...even though they're all differnet lengths.  This was very disappointing since I planned to stand them up in a vase of lemon drops. Overall, I'm very disappointed in this product and the seller for not being honest about the product they're providing to consumers.
I purchased these to give to children who come to my place of business.  When they arrived, it says clearly on the back of the individual wrapper "MADE IN CHINA."  NO WAY I'm giving these to children if they were manufactured in China, following the whole poisoned pet food debacle.  The fact that these are made in China needs to be highlighted much more clearly.
I ordered 48 lollipops to use as party favors only to be disappointed that the front and back of the candy had writing on it. So I rewrapped them using clear bags purchased from Michaels. Also a few were cracked or broken, so luckily I ordered more than enough. Unwrapped they are so adorable!
I used these and a bunch of other colored lollipops for a friend's birthday and she got a kick out of it.  She had been complaining about feeling old so we threw a kid themed party.  She had a great time.  I don't think it's possible to eat one of these spiral lollipops without feeling like a kid!
I used these lollipops for a candy princess costume for my daughter. They came in perfect condition and exactly like the picture shows. They do come in a group of 16...such a great value! I was extremely satisfied!
I purchased these for my candy buffet at my wedding and I'm not impressed at all. I could have saved money by ordering them directly from Oriental Trading Company which is clearly where they came from. they look cheap and they're not as colorful as shown in the picture. the Oriental Trading Company information is on the back of the wrappers on the lollipops. most of the lollipop sticks are bent and two lollipops arrived broken. the box only has 12 lollipops, but in the description it says there's 16. I would have expected that if I knew they were coming from Oriental Trading Company, but that's not in the description, so I feel ripped off.
I had purchased these to go along with a Candyland costume for Halloween.  They shipped quickly and were packaged securely with bubble wrap.  None of the lollipops were broken in transit.<br /><br />It turns out the costume I ordered (from another seller) didn't fit at all and was made of very cheap material so I couldn't even alter it to fit.  Since I had to return the costume, I requested to return these as well.  I was immediately fully refunded without even being asked to ship the lollipops back, so the five stars are so the amazing service.<br /><br />Now I think we'll hand out the lollipops with the rest of our Halloween candy, which I think the kids in our neighborhood will love!
I bought these lollipops for my daughter's 3rd Birthday. They are super cute and the kids loved them. Definitely met my expectations.
I got these for my sons 3rd birthday. I got it because I am doing a candy station for his birthday & I wanted to put colorful lollipops as part of the candy station. So this is just perfect for my idea.
These lollipops are not as pictured. They came in assorted colors, some really drab, not the rainbow brights shown in the picture. They are also completely flat rather than being the rolled old fashioned candy style so they look cheap. I need them for a birthday party and I was really disappointed when I received them.
Being the candy-lover that I am, I wanted to buy some cute lollipops that I could pull out of my bag and enjoy whenever I felt like it. For that purpose alone, I'd give them five stars. However- at first lick, the lollipop has a slightly off taste; but this goes away after a minute and is not unbearable or disgusting in any way. I laughed quite a bit at the reviews of outraged individuals because the lollipops are 'Made in China'- I'm not dead/dying/sick. Good enough? As well, the text on the wrapper is fine- I wasn't repulsed by it and I'm not afraid to share. I'd only rewrap them if they were for presentation rather than eating.<br />The colors are not as vivid as in the picture, and the lolipops are not glazed- so they do not have that shiny look that many others have. None of mine came broken, and they were well-wrapped. I'm happy with my purchase and plan on eating them all(minus the few that I share with friends), but I'd try something different next time.
I used this for my daughters candy land birthday party and the kids loved them! They aren't full size, but they are still sooooo cute!!!
Bought these for a birthday and they were perfect--all arrived uncracked and wrapped really well. Super cute and perfect for 4 year olds.
I ordered the lollipops for party favors at my son's 1st birthday party.  The lollipops are 2 inches and I used 1.5 inch "thank you" stickers on them.  So cute!  The description states that 16 lollipops are included in the order.  I ordered 2 boxes and only received 12 lollipops in each box.  I contacted the seller's customer service.  I received a response and apology right away.  They promptly corrected the order.  I was pleasantly surprised to receive another full box of 12 and not just the 8 I expected.  The lollipops are wrapped in bubble wrap.  Out of three boxes only one lollipop was cracked.  Not a big deal to me since I did receive an extra box.  Great lollipop at a great price.
I opened this product to find that the lollipops were all broke, I was very disappointed.  They did not package this product in a way that would help keep it from breaking.  You are better off buying them from a store around your area.
comical that this is considered a 'toy'.  I bought these as a decoration for a circus themed baby shower and they arrived in perfect condition. I used them in vases surrounded by colored crinkle cut paper and used as centerpieces on the buffet table.  Lots of compliments.  I have kept them and plan to use again for future parties.  these will  not be consumed so no idea how they taste...
Got these as part of a party favor for a rainbow birthday party, so I haven't actually tasted them. The lollipops are cute . . . the wrappers have writing on them, which I wish they didn't (would have been much cuter without the writing). They are a bit smaller than I expected (just slightly larger than a regular lollipop), and a few arrived broken, but really, they were well packaged, and looked cute for the party.
These arrived securely packaged, not even a chip on one lollipop.  They also tasted really good and looked very pretty at my sister's baby shower.  I would buy these again for myself and suggest to future buyers!
Anyone who has been on a low carb eating program for any period of time will tell you that it gets boring.  We are new to the Dixie Carb Counters line, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent taste.  Some of the other low carb lines (like Atkins) have a terrible aftertaste, or require the user to have a great imagination. (Yes....this is really supposed to be a chocolate bar.)  But the Dixie Carb items are great.  Easy to make, nice portion size, great taste, and no imagination required.  It really is a muffin!  And...no sugar alcohol!  My only issue is that they are a little pricey.  Otherwise perfect!
I'm going to guess that 'Yuck' didn't mix it up right, because, frankly, these taste surprisingly good considering they're supposed to be lo-carb. They're easy to make, and the non-diabetic in the house thinks they're just as tasty as I do. I do agree that the price is pretty outrageous, though.
This muffin mix is awful,..all you taste is flour and sour cream,.which is used to make these.  It just tastes wierd. I've tried and tried,..<br />there are no good tasting low carb "treats",..esp. for diabetics.
I love Salsa and have tried many on the market. I served Dippin Fiesta at a recent Sunday football get together and got rave reviews. Maybe the best Salsa I have ever tasted and served. If you want to taste the best, try this one.
I spent the first five years of my life in Brazil and my American parents both spoke Portuguese fluently and introduced me to Brazilian food and culture. This is one of my favorite foods ever, and the lingering memory I have of Brazil. Fluffy, moist and made out of Tapioca flour, these little rolls are nothing like American cheese bread-- seriously they aren't! Its hard to describe the taste of one these hot out of the oven, and they're just as fabulous cold.<br /><br />Yoki is the best maker of the dry mix, and you just add eggs and oil and pop them in the oven for an easy, delicious treat or side dish. They never turn out wrong.
I made these recently for a holiday party.  I have never seen anything go so fast!<br /><br />They were very easy to make-- just add a few ingredients, mix, and throw them in the oven.  I will definitely be buying and making these again.
These are not as good at Houston's Samba Grill but they tasted great. The texture is different but in lieu of having these on a daily basis, I have found something that I can make. I would surely recommend these to anyonr.
Since being gluten free I've tried all types of GF breads and they are all very expensive. Who knew that the brazilians had the bread game on lock with this inexpensive tapioca version of cheese bread! It's custom which is probably why they are all so skinny! lol But I loved it and will be ordering a whole lot more!
My item got to my house on time and I was surprised on how well my package was packed. I recommend this store to anyone;)
These are tiny packets. I bought them thinking they were the regular size and are not. My kids love the product, but this particular package was outrageously expensive for tiny packages. I sent them back.
Despite what some think there is a ton of fillers in here (see the ingredient list on the Omaha site), but.... that is not a bad thing in this case. They are not unhealthy fillers and these are very delicious. Our kids just love them. We serve one ball as a serving as that is the perfect healthy carb portion for a meal. 1 piece has the following nutrition just in case you are wondering:<br /><br />Calories: 120<br /><br />Fat: 4.5<br /><br />Trans Fat: 0<br /><br />Sodium: 270<br /><br />Carbohydrate: 17<br /><br />Protein: 3<br /><br />For our dinners we try to keep our carb side to under 5 fat & 25 carb. This fits perfectly & the taste is superb. Baked in the oven, they come out crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. All with no grease. We now keep these on hand instead of french fries. I know they cost more, but they taste better and they are so much healthier. We wait for one of the sales and buy several boxes at a time.
Perfect year round with just about any meat dish, these Omaha Steaks Twice Baked Potatoes are a gourmet delight. The consistency of the whipped potatoes is smooth and the little bits of bacon, peppers and cheese add to the explosion of flavor.  They cook easily in either the conventional oven, or on the grill when wrapped in foil!  Go ahead, treat yourself!
For christmas I ordered some coupons from my daughters school for $30.00 off Ohama steaks.  I was excited to try them as I have been bombarded with their ads for the last 2 years and I was ready to test them out.  I went on-line and looked at their packages and was so looking forward to receiving my package of fine foods and cook them.  I made my choice and fell for some of the last min. add-ons, by choice.  I went to pay and use the gift cards and well you can only use one at a time, having 2 for $15.00 I naturally thought I was getting $30.00 off the total.  With that said I was still willing to go ahead with the order.  $129.00 later I had ordered one of the package deals and the add-ons.  I received my order ups in 5-7 days packaged in a styro cooler.  packaged in the cooler were several cardboard boxes with vacuumed packaged tiny steaks.  I am a person who loves to grill and do so about 4 nights a week, so I know a little about meat, and how to cook it.  First this is not high end Dry-aged meat or wet aged this is inferior to quality meat that can be bought at a good butcher.  The steaks are about $30.00 a pound after shipping and the high prices.  The Hamburgers are tiny frozen pucks that are dry.  I am so disappointed in the quantity and quality, I really have no words to describe how disappointed I am with this whole deal.  To top everything off I received a e-mail coupon for $20.00 off my next order so the coupon that I purchased was $5.00 more than on-line deals.  Wow Do yourself a favor and spend your money in a good butcher shop of grocery store!!!
These are actually very tasty.  Pure potatoes with a great texture and no nasty filler "stuff."  No bacon, no cheese...just tasty potatoes.  They cook well in either the oven or microwave.  I add a touch of either salt & pepper or fajita seasoning to spice it up.  I rated 4 out of 5 stars because they could be a bit bigger portion.  However, this item is a fairly good value for the money.
These are actually pretty good little potato puffs, and best of all - no CHEESE!  (unless you like that sort of thing, which we don't so it's nice to actually find a potato side dish with no cheese in it).<br /><br />Anyways- - these are surprisingly good and they toast up nicely in the oven in like 10 minutes.  worth it for $10.
They are more potato crockets in the shape of a ball rather than Au Gratin, but nevertheless YUM YUM YUM!
Not happy with the product.  Once they were cooked the potatoes were flat and didn't look any thing like the product picture that was seen.  The shipping cost as much as the potatoes did!
I love to order these type of cooked potatoes and they are so great with a steak...
I really like this product.  It tasted great and only took a few minutes to make in the microwave.
Very good side dish, easy to make, easy to eat.  As others have said, needs a little spice, but other than that they are delicious!
excellent - will order again!!  It's nice to be able to order Omaha items from Amazon because Amazon ships SOOO fast, and payments are so convenient.
I was surprised at the size of these potatoes. I have bought them at my local grocery store before and was disappointed that they were so small. These are perfect!! Tasty, cook just right. Love 'em!!
These potatoes are good.  But i don't know if I'd get them again.  The garlic taste to me was off and strong.  And I LOVE garlic.  Hoping I just got an "off" batch.
Excellent and tasty though I thought not enough garlic so I added more. When I order GARLIC I guess I expect more of it.  But perfect if you have guests as it will never offend anyone. Omaha always is sure to do everything to please their customers, a premier company, hard to find anymore.
We had these along with Omaha prime rib. Both were great. Two where plenty to fill up. Made them in toaster oven in less then 20 minutes.
I received 4 of these in my first ever Omaha Steaks order that I received today. I wasn't sure what to expect, but so far, I've been pleased. I tore the plastic open, put the frozen potato on a baking sheet in the oven and put it on 350. 45 minutes later it was done and turned out being delicious. The cheese filling was crispy on-top and the potato itself underneath was nice and soft. No way would they come out as good if put in the microwave, so I'd say oven cooking these is definitely the way to go. Now, you can obviously make your own stuffed baked potatoes for far cheaper then what Omaha charges for these alone, but as long as you get a good deal on the Omaha website, these simply make a great addition to any Omaha steaks order. As delicious are they are though, I wouldn't order a box of JUST these off the site due to the added shipping costs. But like I said, as long as they're part of a nicely priced packaged deal, I'll definitely take them. Actually, I probably wouldn't order any packaged deal in the future from Omaha that didn't include these. A big plus, at least for me, is if you check the ingredients list on these, there's no partially hydrogenated oils, so there's no traces of trans fats, which is very rare with stuffed baked potatoes. Also no high fructose corn syrup, which is another rarity on a food product like this and is always a plus. If you make your own or buy them frozen from your grocery store for example, chances are, the butter used, sour cream, etc. will be full of chemicals, trans fats & high fructose corn syrup. These, not so much. So there is a definite degree of quality with Omahas stuffed baked potatoes. Each potato does have 8 grams of saturated fat, which is 42% the DRV, but that's obviously to be expected with anything that contains bacon, cheese and sour cream. I was also expecting there to be no fiber, but it turns out there's 3grams of fiber per baked potato half. Another plus. Overall, the stuffed baked potato was very tasty and actually relatively healthy, being made with quality ingredients.
These potatoes are really very good.  My husband and I both *love* them.  And way too easy.  We will be buying more of these.
I got these in the mail today, i know right, sounds so weird to say i got hash browns in the mail, haha.  Come in dry ice cooler and were in box all in their own lil plastic bags.  Just stick them on a baking sheet for 35 min. at 400 degrees.  when you get them out of the oven you smell the cheese and it has nice crunchy outside with creamy potato inside, if you want the best side dish to your steak or other meat, hey could even use for breakfast with some eggs and sausage, your choice, this get a 5/5 for taste, 5/5 for presentation, buy these now, great price too, thanks for your time, and thank you omaha steaks, the best at great prices.
January 3, 2011<br /><br />I purchased these potatoes from Omaha Steaks online last week. I was not sure what to expect ... The au gratin potatoes I had seen and tasted before were sliced potatoes with globbs of gooey cheese sauce, and by the looks of them, this certainly wasn't it ... I opened the box and got out my skillet. The first thing that I noticed is that these things were huge ... like a gigantic tater tot. I browned them on both sides about 10 minutes each. To my surprise, they were very tasty. Texture was light fluffy and the potatoes tasted extra fresh .. not frozen or freezer burned. I liked them alot. I think these are perfect for kids ... none of the flavors were overpowering and great texture ... I give these 4 stars.
So so good!  Delicious, easy to prepare food!  I would definitely order again.  Had a gourmet taste, and took only minutes to get ready.  Yum!!!
I like em but nothing unique about the flavor.  basically saves you from having to make them at home... a little pricey but for a treat what the heck
They taste pretty good. I eat one of these with some of the poultry selections from Omaha Steaks. It makes a great meal.
These potatoes are pretty good. They can be eaten alone or served with a meal. Really like potatoes and this is an easy choice.
Omaha Steaks 8 (5.75 oz.) Stuffed Baked Potatoes<br /> '''<br />The Stuffed Baked Potatoes were unimpressive and<br />lacking in flavor.<br /><br />I tasted no bacon or chives.<br /><br />However, they do make an attractive addition to a<br />meal.
Potatoes were good. Two 12 oz trays will be enough for 4 adults so really not worth the money honestly. $10 for two little trays is a lot even for the ease and quality. Like I said they were good and easy to prepare and thankfully only four of us for x-mas dinner today or I wouldn't have had enough. 24 oz. of potatoes sounds bigger then it is lol. (not Omaha's fault)
I prepare these baked potatoes in a toaster oven. They are the perfect compliment to a hamburger, steak or chicken entree. Try them. You'll like them!
Very good transaction and Omaha food was sent properly.  I already left one feedback.
These potatoes are very good along with all their steaks and hamburgers.  I would definately recommend Omaha Steaks to anyone looking for a gourmet dinner at a reasonable price!
I'm a big fan of Outburst Energy Bites, and the peanut ones are probably my favorite. They're reasonably priced and a great snack. Think of peanut M&M's and a coffee all at once. Since they taste so good, it is very tempting to eat the whole box. They claim it's a lot of caffeine, but it doesn't feel like more than a big coffee or a large energy drink, so I usually give in to the temptation!<br /><br />I highly recommend these!
ENERGY BITES F'ING RIP YOUR FACE OFF WITH MOLTEN LAVA ENERGY.<br /><br />INFINITY ENERGY TO THE F'ING MAX.  I ATE A WHOLE BOX ONCE AND THREW A CAR AT A BABY.<br /><br />F'ING RAVE.<br /><br />SERIOUSLY THESE ARE GREAT.
a $5000.00 diamond would be cheaper to ship than a $5000.00 car!  I don't buy from any supplier that ships by price.<br />This item is $7.95 then you pay $11.95 for up to $20.00 for shipping? No way I would pay that for one jar.
Where's the ingredient list for this product?  Thought all foods were supposed to have it.  Would never buy any food without first knowing what's in it!
I originally found this Roasted Garlic Juice at one of those roadside shops that sell a variety of foodstuffs, plants and ice cream. That was about a year ago and unfortunately, the place is now out of business. I was getting low on it and was glad to find it here on Amazon, as I couldn't find anything even close at any grocery store in a 50-mile radius. Store Managers were saying they never heard of pure garlic juice. I told them if they carried it, they would sell a lot.<br /><br />I have used this product for many dishes and marinades and the flavor can't be beat! It is pungent yet smooth and will bring out the flavor in any meat or dish you can imagine. I prefer the Roasted over the Cold Pressed, but both are great in their own way. It's nice to be able to pour or spray.<br /><br />Bottom line: If you are a garlic lover, buy this!!!!!
It's a great product- especially if you like garlic! No need for "slicing & dicing! (Which is a good thing when your right side is "stroke paralized"!) Just garlic too- not an "oily & salty product" Just plain or roasted GARLIC ! And it lasts a long time too!
I love my garlic spray so much, that i ordered more! I grow garlic, but I don't even bother juicing them anymore, not with this product. There are 150 cloves in every bottle. Thats a lot of yummy garlic...
I love the taste of real garlic - not the granulated or brined stuff. These are great flavoring agents, especially for popcorn as a liquid in glazes and rubs. Love the choice between roasted and raw, and a little goes a long way. I first bought this product 2 years ago. Despite using one or the other at least once a week, I am only now needing to replace them.<br />Yum!
I had heard about their prickly pear tea in a forum and decided to try it since I hadn't had any since I was in Arizona.  It was better than I remembered!  I tried it first hot and then used the remainder for ice tea and both were really good.  The company delivered super fast too which was great.  I recommend this tea highly, particularly if you like prickly pear teas.
Loose prickly pear tea makes a great iced tea but it is very difficult to find in pure form.  This tea is black tea with prickly pear "flavor". The shipping cost is twice the cost of the tea.  If there is a prickly pear component it is all but undetectable when I drink it. It just tastes like regular black tea.  Very disappointing.
Butternut Mountain Maple Syrup is the real deal. The grade B is wonderful on pancakes, or in coffee- just about on anything you'd like sweetened.<br />Delivery was timely and the product came as expected. I recommend this!
I just received my shipment and could hardly wait to try this product. We love &quot;slickers&quot; which is what we call them, instead of stickers because they can be removed so easily. My daughter designed signs to be  printed in reverse to use on her car windows. They printed beautifully (we  have 'The Print Shop' program). I am going to have a lot of fun with this  product because there are windows everywhere and other surfaces like tv  screens and computer monitors.
This was a really good idea and the final product is outstanding. I use the decals on my car window and everybody asks where i bought the decals i made.  Two thumbs up!
After years of drinking Red Bull, Rockstar, Monster and some others, I have found the holy grail of energy drinks. It kicks in within 2-3 minutes and it lasts an entire work day. After seven hours or so, you gradually come down. There is no anxiety or disphoria when it wears off. You just get very sleepy when you finally rest.<br /><br />Redline Power Rush is the very best product on the market. If it were illegal I would buy it on the black market. 'Nuff said.
The normal 15oz can is too much SPAM for one person.  The 7oz version is perfect for me to make two sandwiches.  I cut the block in half.  Each half I cut into 4 slices.  The 4 slices are perfect to lay on top of a toast.  With some salad green and 2nd toast, it becomes a quick and filling lunch sandwich when I hike or backpack (need sodium to replace electrolyte).  The 2nd half will become my 2nd sandwich if I do overnight backpacking (for dinner).
Our family loves SPAM and Amazon makes it so easy and such a great deal to buy in bulk.  The 7-ounce size is perfect for our use.  Amazing what you can use SPAM for.  Add it to all your favorite recipes in place of other meats!  Super convenient to have it come in automatic shipments without having to give it a second thought!
It's a long time since Iv'e eaten Spam but I decided to give it a try. I always had left overs before but with this size can I simply enjoy every bit in one serving.
Well worth the price.  Very large chocolate truffles that taste amazing.  Can't wait for Amazon to get them again.  1 January 2012. Just browsed to the truffle page and had a mini heart attack when I saw the price.  They were $12.00 when I purchased them in 2011.
So disappointed with this frosting.  The first time I used this frosting I was disappointed, but a year has gone by and I thought that maybe I had gotten a bad container.  I really should have thought twice about buying it again, but I wanted to give Pillsbury the benefit of the doubt.  Boy was I wrong in doing that.  Both times that I used it, the frosting pretty much 'sagged' off of the cake!  My cakes were definitely cooled.  I had even put the latest one in the freezer to slice into layers.  After thawing it in the fridge, I began to ice it.  Sure enough after putting the frosting on it just started to slide off of the cake (again)!  This product needs to either be marketed as cupcake frosting, the recipe needs tweaked, or it needs to be pulled off of the shelves all together.  Shame on me for trying it a second time!
Excellent product.  Crab Cakes made with lump style crabmeat has been a family tradition during Christmas holidays for over 40 years.  Local grocery stores do not carry lump style and only offer fancy/minced crab meat which is OK but not as satisfatory as lump style.
I bought this because of the good feedback and bad luck that I have had with canned crab. I was hoping that this product was different than  previous canned crab that I have had. Alas, it is just a little better. Unfortunately, canned crab just seems to be not very good and I have  to stick with fresh expensive crab.
THESE TREATS ARE THE ONLY ONES MY 14 YEAR OLD DOG WILL EAT. SHE LOVES THEM.
She will play with it before eating it.  Since she is small it acts like a tiny ball for her.  They are expensive, but less so at Amazon than at a pet store.
I have three small dogs and these are one of their favorite treats!  I don't have to worry about them choking and I feel I am giving them a healthy treat!  Please don't ever stop making them Pet N Shape.
Terrific with English Triffle.  Beware though the pack of 6; each of the 6 containers makes about a gallon of pudding.
After you've made the customary, authentic English trifle with Bird's custard powder you might not want to go back to the usual grocery-store pudding packages. I DID purchase a large quantity of Bird's custard power, the pack of six, but the packs have a longish shelf life, and I enjoyed sending a surprise pack/container to a friend who is originally from England.<br /><br />At Christmas, I will also include a container of Bird's custard powder to special relatives and friends so they can learn how easy it is to make excellent trifle with this product. For my non-English family and friends, I will include laminated instructions based on my own successes with Bird's custard recipe for trifle.<br /><br />English trifle is so easy to make with the following:  Bird's custard powder, store-bought pound cake, thawed frozen fruit, some sherry wine (or slightly sweetened juice from the thawed frozen fruit) poured over the small slices of cake. For the final touch, add non-dairy whipped "creme." Delicious and inexpensive! I highly recommend this product and am so pleased to be able to purchase it through Amazon. And the price for the six  containers is so very reasonable as to almost be unreal. Go for it!
We found this on our recent trip to England and had to find it as soon as we got home.<br />It's a standard for the Brits, and for us now too.  It's been around FOREVER.<br />You can use it in so many ways; pies, trifle, donuts,<br />cakes, by itself with fresh fruit and whipped cream, or even on french toast!
I am from England and I was raised on this custard. If you like vanilla custard/pudding you will love this. It's rich and creamy and has lots of vanilla taste.  I love that it comes in a big canister and I can make as much as I want to. I would never make a trifle with anything else.
This is a great product, we have made custard with it for years and it always makes great custard. We will purchase this product again. Amazon does a great job of getting us our purchases fast and without damage.
life without bird's custard has been hell ! i've tried other varieties-sthg from holland if i recall correctly-just not up to snuff...i ordered 6 to ensure i never run out ! better than ice cream and not half as fattening.
I purchased this product because I have previously used it and it is not always easy to locate on store shelves.  I prefer it to other powdered custard(pudding) products for ease of making and taste. It's wonderful in trifles or just about any pudding type dessert you want to make. Amazon gets the product to you almost immediately and at a reasonable price.
Hard to find locally. Great price, especially with the free shipping.  Have enough to share with family and friends.
This is a wonderful and very handy product.  I'm thrilled by all the yummy ways this can be used.  My aunt, who lived in Ireland for 7 years, said they used it all the time and loved it.
I actually use this mix to make vegetable biryani and it works well for this purpose,  with some slight adjustments to the recipe.<br /><br />I do have one caveat about the product, but it's about the recipe given, not the spice mix. I think the amount of ghee it is suggested you use (200 grams) is too much, and you can easily use 100 grams instead. Also, I think it's easier to mix the spices and yogurts first and cover the chicken (or vegetables) with the mix to marinate than to mix it in the pan while frying.<br /><br />To make vegan biryani you can substitute vegetables for chicken, coconut milk for yogurt, and safflower or peanut oil for ghee.<br /><br />Overall this spice mix makes the tastiest biryani I've had outside of a restaurant, and even rivals some of them. And the price makes this an incredible deal--there are 2 bags per package and there are 6 packages, so this makes 12 large batches for ~$13 with free shipping. I will definitely order more when I run out.
I love this tea. It has a mild flavor and no caffeine. The only problem is that the string comes detached from the bag after about a minute in hot water. This doesn't happen once in a while, it happens nearly every time.<br /><br />Triple Leaf Tea, please fix this bag issue. It's frustrating to the point where I may look for a similar tea from another company.
Anytime I have started to get even the slightest sore throat, I drink this and the next morning it's gone. I always bought it at World Market, but they said it has been discontinued. But, thank God for Amazon!
This tea is so helpful for congestion and it tastes great too.  Make sure you let it steep as long as the directions say.  It really seems to help you to feel better.
A friend sent me two boxes of this for Christmas.  I thought it an odd gift, as I can just go out and buy herbal tea.  Shortly thereafter, I was flung into major stress and chaos during an extreme family crisis. I started drinking this tea to help with unexpected stomach pains and it worked!  Not only that, during this time, other family members got physically ill, but I was able to carry on without catching the bug.  Since then, I'm a believer.  I make this as iced tea for daytime and drink a cup at night before bed.
In cold weather, I brew this tea by the pot, keep it simmering, and brew a lemon ginger or ginger lemon tea, by the cup, made with this as the base.  My husband will drink it, and I can't get him to use any other medicinal.  (Hates licorise.)  It helped a great deal last winter.
Have bought this from the folks who prepare it and I must say, this is the absolute best item I have ever tasted. They make this at a farm in Benson, AZ and it tastes like heaven. Highly recommend it for everything...I tend to slice up apples and dip them. Have tried it on toast as well.
I've been feeding liver biscotti for years. I was looking for a healthy treat without additives for my epileptic dog (additives can be a seizure trigger) and liver biscotti filled the bill. The ingredients are top-quality. The bite-size bits are perfect for training and don't muck up your pockets. The bite-size portions also make it possible to give rewards without adding pounds, which is a problem with other treats.  And for dogs with wheat and other sensitivities, there is an anti-allergenic recipe. Enthusiastically recommended!
This is an excellent training treat for every day.  It's not a "high value" treat (used for more challenging training situations) nor is it so bland that it does not serve as an incentive.  It's a good size, though it does make some crumbs.  Plus, "liver biscotti" is fun to say!
My 2 dogs love this treat.  When my oldest (male) was younger, he would sit down, stand up, go down, roll over, etc. and do every trick in his repertoire before I even gave him a command whenever I pulled out a bag of the liver biscotti.  My female also loves this but she's a little less silly.  Also, this has never upset their stomachs nor caused allergic reactions.  I finally had to find a place that sold this in bulk (i.e., 5 lbs. bags) since I was going to the store ALL the time to buy more of these.  I also stuff their Kongs with a combo of these and their regular kibble and some pumpkin and freeze it. I highly recommend this treat.
Five of my five dogs agree - they'd rather munch liver biscotti than almost anything else.  I pull out a treat and they come running.  It cheers 'em up, encourages them to obey, lets 'em know I love 'em, and got me over some really rough training spots with my 90 pound puppy!!!  And in a few instances when I've been slow producing the goodie, they've cornered me and dug in my pocket themselves!  I think it's a hit!
Our dog loves these treats.  We sprinkle a few into his regular dry dog food, and he gobbles everything up as fast as he can.  We also use them as rewards for good behavior.  Wonderful, nutritious, really good to have on hand at all times.
Lucy loves these treats as does her friend, Daisy - I do not know what else to say to fill up the 210 word minimum.
My dog will do anything for these treats. Buying a five pound bag lasts about a year and they are dry so they are easy to put in your pocket and they last forever.
Despite what many say and think about bulldogs, ours are picky about their snacks.  They love the liver biscotti which can be a hand-fed treat or used in a treat ball.  They last longer than most snacks and because our bullies don't often chew their food, these are the perfect size.  I don't feel bad about feeding these either because they are low calorie and without fillers.
Our dog named "Big Red" loves your liver biscoti and the closest store was 54 miles round trip. I am not too keen on driving that far so I found your mail service on the internet. Now our 8 pound poodle gets his treats again!
They're perfect training treats for my dogs.  They go to the place where they're stored and stand there until I get a handful for our play games.
even my vet approves. these little treats are my dogs favorite. i just get the small ones because i have a small dog.
My dogs go crazy over Liver Biscottis. They are nice and crunchy which helps clean their teeth and all the ingredients are wholesome.
My dog would have to stop breathing before she would fail to perform for Liver Biscotti. Even my friends with finicky dogs are surprised how their dogs love the stuff.
If there is one thing our dog likes, it is the liver biscotti dog treats.  These make the best rewards and training treats we have used.
As another reviewer mentioned, these treats are CRUNCHY!. I like them for 2 reasons..my dog can't just "woof them down", she has to chew them, so they last..and I like that the cruchiness may be good for her teeth. The treats are small, but again, are crunchy...I'm glad I found these. She loves them and I like giving them to her.
I have two dogs that absolutely love these treats!  The 5lb bag size that I purchased is very convenient and long lasting.  The vendor that I purchased them from is very thorough; several emails were sent updating me on the status of my order and it's upcoming delivery. The price was extremely reasonable.  The best part is the fact that my pups adore these treats and they are good for them to nibble on throughout the day.  A guilt free doggie reward!
Our Portuguese Water Dog has been trained on these bite sized little treats. He loves them and will do anything for them.  Good Dog!
I DON'T MIND PAYING A LOT FOR A QUALITY TREAT FOR MY DOGS AS THESE ARE, BUT I HAVE A REAL PROBLEM IN COMPANIES WHO PRICE GOUGE ON SHIPPING CHARGES.  ITS OBVIOUSLY NOT ENOUGH FOR THEM TO GET THE AMOUNT OF MONEY (WHICH IS HIGH) FOR THE TREATS THEMSELVES THEY HAVE TO ALSO MAKE MONEY OFF ME FOR SHIPPING CHARGES.  THERE IS NO WAY THAT IT COST THEM $10 TO SHIP A 5LB BAG OF TREATS TO ME.  $6 DOLLARS WOULD BE FAIR AND ACCURATE, THIS IS THE REASON I GAVE IT ONLY 4 STARS INSTEAD OF 5
Our four dogs love this stuff! This bite size treat is a perfect size for training. The dogs like the crunch - it's shaped like a small square crouton. There is enough in this huge bag to make little gift bags for friends with dogs.
The ultimate treat for dogs of all sizes.  Our dogs are absolutely crazy for Liver Biscotti.  We love the size of this treat, it makes it very easy to use them as daily treats and not worry that you are over feeding.  The size is also great for using as bait for conformation showing.<br /><br />We love the fact that all natural ingredients with no preservatives are used.  All you have to do is open the bag and smell what's inside.  It smells so good, you might be tempted to try one too.<br /><br />We love the 5 pound bag.  Having multiple dogs, this bag really is a cost saver.  You'll see significant savings over buying the small 8oz bags.<br /><br />It also makes a great gift for your dog loving/owning friends, spread the joy of Liver Biscotti!
A fantastic product for pet treats,great smell and has freeze-dried liver treats beat by leaps and bounds. Owner of 2 fussy cockers.
This was very pricey for what is essentially a small bag of hard crumbs.<br />Maybe my dog is just spoiled, but she treats these like third class treats- it is definitely on the bottom of the doggie treat hierarchy.  More often than not, she will simply walk away from these.  Glad other people like them, but I will not be buying them again.
OMG these things are delicious!@ I'm not a candy/sweets eater usually.. but ... OhMan! I liked them so much I may have had , two.. oops, now three!
I was just messing around on amazon when I ran into this add for beer nuts, when I noticed someone had left a review it was pretty funny, being the beer lover that I am, I had to try them,  well they're here now and I cant drink beer without them, they have a story on the back about how the guy got started in the 50's, and soon his beer nuts were in bars around america!  iIcan see why, they're pretty darn good.
i used to eat beer nuts all the time as a kid.  sorta like honey roasted peanuts, but more unique flavor.  if you never tried'em, if you like honey roasted peanuts, you'll love these!
great product! wish they were still available in bars,pubs,and stores.have given cans to several of my golf buddies and they agree with me. i'm just glad they are still available on line.
Some reviewers must have a short memory. I've been eating Beer Nuts since childhood and the ones I ordered tasted like they always have (sweet and salty). Bought them locally until I couldn't find them anymore. Great product and price for 6/12oz cans.
After a second purchase of a 12-oz Beer Nuts Peanuts 6-pack, I can level no complaints. The shipment again arrived without any adverse settling such as clumping inside the cans. Although the flavor may be a bit duller than my abiding childhood memory of them, this may be attributable instead to the diminished taste buds of a middle-ager. Nonetheless, everyone I know who has tried this product likes it.  Either as a stand-alone snack or as an adjunct to a couple of beers, Beer Nuts is a tasty, if understated winner.
this is the second time ordering beer nuts....i can not find them anywhere in local stores.  the shipment came (6 cans per order) and 2 cans were damaged.  called amazon customer service and the next day another 6 cans appeared at my door.<br /><br />the nuts are always great (unless can is damaged and nuts are stale) but the customer service was the shining star.  thank you !!  will order again
My husband is a Beer Nut lover. Looked in many stores<br />and could only find small bags. Love these large cans.
I am 76 years old and I have eaten these nuts for many years.  The ones mailed to me are very tastey.  The only problem is that they were jostled around and a lot of the red skins came off and went to the bottom of the can.  No big deal but it would have been better if they had stayed on the nuts.  I will order from Amazon again.
Not always available at our local stores. I love them. They are especially good watching football games, with you favorite malt beverage. This is a good deal, and super fast delivery, too. The nuts were fresh and tasty, as always.
These are the long time classic.  Not as sweet as honey roasted peanuts, these have just the right balance to go with a nice cold brew.  Amazon's price on these is really great.
I remember well the "Beer Nuts" I used to savor. Those were the days of the big 'Redskin' type peanut surrounded with a glaze of honey sweetness punctuated with a salty tang I remember so well. These nuts I now have in the palm of my hand are not reminiscent of "Beer Nuts" in any way. Yes, there is a discernible salty taste but the sweetness is more to me imagined than real. Plus, these nuts are simply the common inexpensive 'Spanish peanuts'. In short, I would just ask "Beer Nuts" ... 'What happened?'
I ATE BEER NUTS ALL THROUGH MY CHILDHOOD YEARS AND INTO MY 20'S. AFTER THAT YOU COULDN'T BUY THEM IN UPSTATE NY. WHEN A GREAT FRIEND OF MINE SAID HE WAS LOOKING FOR THEM, I CHECKED OUT THE NET TO FIND THEM ON YOUR SITE.<br />THEY ARE HORRIBLE. WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT. THEY TASTE MORE LIKE SPANISH PEANUTS WITH OUT THE SALT. THE BEER NUTS I REMEMBER WHERE SWEET AND SALTY, JUST LIKE THE LABEL SAYS. THESE PEANUTS ARE BLAND, BLAND, BLAND.
The flavor of the old Beer Nuts is almost entirely gone. The Beer Nuts are now just plain Spanish Peanuts with a slight flavor, hardly noticeable. Extremely disappointing.
It is not the best way to buy Beer Nuts.<br /><br />Perhaps the product had been exposed to high heat and a "whole lot of shaking".  Most of the "coating" and "flavoring" was off of the nuts.  Even though the individual cans are "sealed", it is like the nuts had been sitting out in a bowl for a long time on a hot, humid day.
This is the good stuff! I am eating some right now with some sweet basil tomato sauce. This pasta has a neat shape and it cooks up nicely. It's colorful and tasty and is great "al dente".
All of the Castellana pastas are absolutely wonderful.  They have a great taste, hold their unique shapes, grab lots of sauce in your dishes, and have a nice "bite."  This is a great price for this item!
*****<br /><br />Oh, I love this pasta! It is thick, chewy, absolutely extraordinary! And made with authentic flavorings to boot! The red are flavored with tomato and red beet powder. The green are flavored with spinach powder and basil powder. The black pastas are flavored with squid ink, the off-white are au naturale. The yellow pasta are flavored with turmeric, the orange with carrot powder. A rainbow of beauty and natural delectable flavor.<br /><br />The pasta are shaped like little cresent moons with a rough exterior to absorb whatever sauce or oil you might use. Because this pasta is so very flavorful, I enjoy it best with a good quality olive oil and some Celtic sea salt. Sometimes I add some tarragon or fresh rosemary, usually not, so I can just savor the pasta alone. It also is excellent with olive oil and fresh grated Parmesan chees on top.<br /><br />With only 1g of fat, 10g of sodium, this can also be a heart-healthy meal. There are 7g of protein and 42g of carbos, no added sugars or preservatives.<br /><br />It is the perfect easy dish to impress company or a date!<br /><br />To be able to buy the best packaged pasta in the whole wide world at HALF PRICE in bulk from Amazon is a wonderful privilege. You will not be disappointed.<br /><br />*****
Yes, it's expensive, but it's worth it!  I have yet to find a marinade that stands up to this one.  Add some crushed garlic, sauteed onions and vegetables of your choice, then mix it all with this sauce and whatever meat you choose (I prefer using the resulting marinade by adding some fresh rosemary and lamb) for two days.  You won't believe the oohs and aahhhs you get at the table...worth every penny!
It's not a traditional BBQ sauce in terms of flavor, but you could easily use it for that. It's very thick and has a strong hotness (not too hot - but hotter than most spicy BBQ sauce) and it's made from much better ingredients than most BBQ or sweet hot sauces. It tastes very fruity rather than sugary sweet. It would be great on almost anything grilled or stir fried, and it's incredible in pork and beans. Don't let the price scare you away from this outstanding condiment.
It's always wonderful to be able to give chocolates as a gift and to receive them.  It's great to know that you can send someone  some chocolates with the guarantee that they don't arrive all melted.  Good Service and Excellent chocolates!
We love strawberries dipped in chocolate but locally we could not find the dark chocolate type - so glad we found this at Amazon - it is WONDERFUL!
Best dipping chocolate ever! I dipped strawberries, pretzels marshmallows its wonderful. My whole family loves them. Great to bring out to friends or occasions! Dont forget the wax paper, otherwise it will stick to your plate!
The current product, "Certified Organic Raw Cacao Powder from Ecuador, sold by SAAQIN", is of terrible quality. Somehow, reviews for a similar item, produced by "Alive and Aware", were associated with this product. The cocoa I received when ordering through this page is made by "Organic Herbal Essence". Alive and Aware is delicious; Organic Herbal Essence is not. Another warning: After receiving the 5lb bag of Organic Herbal Essence and hating it, I ordered "Alive and Aware Certified Organic Raw Cacao Powder from Ecuador - 2 Pounds", shipped by Halaleveryday. I thought for sure I'd get Alive and Aware, given it's in the product title, but Halaleveryday actually shipped me "Organic Herbal Essence". Grr.
I have tried a couple of different cocao powders but this one is a step above the other ones.  The richness of the bean has a dark smooth flavor within the powder.  It is just a better product
I use a lot of raw cocoa for my power protein drinks.  With the high price of cocoa on the commodity market, this is an excellent price, especially for an organic product.  The cocoa is less "tasty" than my regular brand, but does very well for the price.  My main complaint is that the product came in a sealed plastic bag with NO label.  I would like to see an organic label, as well as, the nutrition info for the product.
As another reviewer stated, many of the reviews for this product are actually for a DIFFERENT raw cacao powder- from alive and aware, ecuadorian criollo raw cacao powder. That is what I ordered about 3 months ago and it was AWESOME! I am almost out and when I went to reorder my amazon account directed me to this product, from SAQUIN??, which is NOT what I ordered, and it is more expensive- the same base price but i got it with FREE shipping, not 15 bucks so that is a big price increase.  I know it was still from alive and aware mid-february, but recently something changed.<br />I am really confused/irritated how my review for "alive and aware raw cacao" got switched to a different brand from a different seller?!?! i mean, can't they just say "out of stock" or "currently unavailable" like they do with other stuff. why would they switch reviews around?<br />Seems very underhanded to transfer reviews from a different product to a newer one, especially since as the other reviewer stated they are NOT comparable and this stuff from SAQUIN is terrible compared to what we were getting from alive and aware. also the price increase is pretty shocking! i guess it is the market, and raw cacao is in higher demand. Too bad that was such an awesome price for really awesome cacao.<br />I did recently order alive and aware's raw criollo cacao nibs and i highly recommend those. they are as the description states, from alive and aware, not another brand.<br />Frankly I am beginning to wonder about some of the "brands" and "vendors" that ship from Amazon. I know they have warehouses in different parts of the country, but it is a little suspicious and I just wish there was more transparency about what comes from Amazon and what comes from a different company. seems like halal everyday, alive and aware, etc, are almost interchangable since amazon took the liberty to take reviews from alive and aware and post them to halaleveryday/saquin. are these really different companies, under the auspices of amazon, or is it amazon by a different name only? like the other reviewer said, he ordered something that said "alive and aware" in the description and when it came it was from saquin/halal everyday.  who knows. i just want some more transparency so i can have more trust when ordering from amazon.<br /><br />For now, i am going to seek out another source, not through amazon, that stands behind their cacao. it is very important to me, for health benefits and the ecological/social impacts of where it is harvested, to know that i am getting top-notch, certified organic, raw cacao. if amazon is going to be so wishy-washy and sneaky, I'm going elsewhere. (wagging finger at amazon!)<br /><br />I think for now I will leave the following review for alive and aware in case they do bring it back.<br /><br />Heavens to Besty, this stuff ROCKS!! It is such a good value too, maybe the best out there as I have def shopped around.  I have tried a few different brands of raw organic cacao powder, and this is certainly top-notch.  Kudos to Alive and Aware for offering it at such a reasonable price!!<br />I am not a raw foodie per say, but I try to follow a neo-paleo protocol which includes super foods such as raw cacao.  Properly prepared, with just enough natural sweetener, I think this is a truly guilt-free pleasure.  It is LOADED with antioxidants, as you probably know.  So go ahead, get the big bag.  You can then share it with friends and family and turn them on to this super groovy super food "of the Gods" (theobroma) as they say :)<br />My favorite way to consume it is actually as not so hot cocoa- I just whisk it into gently heated fresh (raw) whole milk or cream (so it's not too hot and to preserve as much nutrients as possible, I know it's not 100% raw  but hey this is how I love it!), add just enough sweetener (I like sorghum molasses, a scant t-spoon), a bit of maca powder, a dash of real salt, and after that's thoroughly whisked I top it off with a spoonful of EVO COCONUT OIL- YUMM!!! I have converted everyone, even the kids I babysit (who used to prefer swiss miss). Or I make a concentrated warm cocoa beverage sans maca and coconut oil and then stir it into my raw milk for a half gallon of raw chocolate milk, lightly sweetened.  You better believe it goes fast!!  I love my family to get their good old fashioned grass fed animal fats with bioavailable vitamins A, D and the X- factor (read Weston A Price) and loads of antioxidants from the cacao to boot.  Plus cacao activates the seratonin receptors and sorry I am bit fuzzy but you know it makes you feel good and happy!!<br />Also process it with EVO Coconut Oil and sweetener such as sorghum or honey or maple syrup in your cuisinart for heavenly truffles- refrigerate for proper texture due to coconut oil.  I often toss in soaked,dried nuts and dried unsulfured fruit and shredded coconut for healthy truffle energy bars. just process in batches so it's kind of homogenous. Like those lara bars but cheaper and no packaging and even organic or raw.<br />Go for it! Buy this huge bag, share the goodness and you'll be healthier and happier for it. I guarantee!!  PEACE be with You!
This cocoa powder has a deep, fruity taste- I highly recommend it.  I recently bought a vitamix blender, which means that I now make 5 smoothies a day.  This cocoa powder, plus some almond milk, frozen fruit, yogurt, and a dash of maple syrup, makes an excellent "milk shake".  Disclaimer: I like 99.9% of all chocolate, so take this positive review with a grain of salt.
Almost identical to Ghiradeli's great chocolate taste...but raw!organic! The best!!! I also whip it into whipped up sprouted almonds with Strvia and make ball/snacks from it, yummmm
This was my first time ordering raw cacao powder and I was pleasantly surprised!  The item was packed and shipped professionally and I love the resealable bag.  I initially tasted the cacao by dipping my finger in the bag and I didn't taste anything.  I then placed two tablespoons in my homemade vegetable/fruit juice which normally tastes like bananas...  I was pleasantly surprised because it now tasted like a bona fide chocolate shake!  This is one of the best deals you'll find (online) on certified organic raw cacao and it tastes great.  This is one of the healthiest foods in the world and I recommend this seller if you're looking to purchase it.
Raw Cacao Powder differs greatly in taste than processed Cacao Powder. Commercial cacao powder is often triple fermented and then roasted. Commercial companies are more interested in a product which has no nutritional value but great consistency in flavor. Commercial Cacao Powder is mono tonal in flavor. Raw Cacao is everything that Commercial Cacao isn't. It is a antioxidant super-food which has no equal. The taste does vary slightly from one part of the year to the next. As to taste, it has a wonderful intoxicating tannin like aroma with mild overtones of Mahogany. In foods it has a complexity which some cooks will absolutely love while the others who read from the book may want to go back to there standard one dimensional cacao. In baking, I believe it goes well with other flavors such as Almond Extract. If you want to do an extraordinary butter cream icing with a tad of Almond extract, your icing will have no equal. In chocolate cake I personally would go heavy and do a buttermilk or sour cream cake. The acid helps to unify and amplify flavors. I like making cake with 60% cake flour which is about has about 5% wheat gluten and 40% rice flour. The reason for this should be obvious. The heavy texture that rice flour imparts makes your cake stand proud and one bite is then never more than enough.<br /><br />Raw Cocoa powder is rich in polyphenols, such as catechins and procyanidins, and has been shown to inhibit low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation and atherogenesis in a variety of models. Human studies have also shown daily intake of cocoa increases plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and decreases LDL levels although the drug companies having endeavored to understand the mechanism in which this happens.
This product, described as organic raw cacao powder from Peru, is clearly inferior to all other raw cacao powder I have had.  The taste of this product is definitely not as good -- this product has a bitter, muddy, thin taste as compared to the fuller, richer taste of the real thing from other vendors.  As soon as I tasted this product, which is destined for the trash bag, I understood why it was cheaper than organic cacao from other vendors -- it is nowhere near as good.  Spend a few dollars more and get the real thing.
This powder, and this company, are both superb. There was a small problem with the order and they handled it in such a gracious manner that I will be a customer forever.
This is a very tasty cacao powder.  It arrived in an unmarked bag (does not have an organic symbol or product description) but it seems to be the real deal.  Good flavor, similar to or better than name brand powders I have purchased in the past.  Will definitely purchase again.
bought as gift for hard to buy for father...he LOVED  bread said it was delicious !!
WONDERFUL PRODUCT.<br /><br />ALL THE BREAD MIXES I HAVE TRIED ON AMAZON ARE NOT DISAPPOINTING!!!<br /><br />WILL BE BACK FOR MORE.  THEY WILL MAKE GREAT CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
I figured there must be bacon out there like bacon used to be - this is it.  If you are of a 'certain age' (over 40 or 50?) you remember the deep smoky flavor of a good bacon; this cannot be found in "store bacon" anymore.  Modern bacon is thin, lightly/poorly smoked - even the so-called 'gourmet' bacon.  This is the old fashioned flavor and thickness of bacon the way it was in the "good old days."  Arrives nice and cool in an ice pack - cheaper if you buy the 12-pack.
Love this, dont use too much because it is strong, but it tastes great.  Makes even mediocre salmon taste great.
These are thin,crisp, fragrant cookies and are very delicious and tasty. They are excellent with a glass of cold almond milk or hot herbal tea. (my choices) If you like ginger snaps you will love Lars ginger snaps.
These ginger cookies are it...I don't have to look anymore ...I have found THE cookie ...I ate the entire box and did not share...so hubby said when I order more I have to get 2 boxes cause he would like to have some..:)
Very good.  Very tasty and authentic flavor!  I ordered these last minute for Christmas, not knowing if they were going to arrive on time.  They arrived at my house on Christmas Eve.
Didn't have time to make these this year so I thought I would buy them. I never buy cookies, but these I would buy again. My son loved them. The only thing I had to do was dip them in white chocolate.<br />Thanks
Ya know, when you're on a gluten-free diet, you YEARN for those forbidden treats - like licorice! (and malted milk!) Realizing that true licorice on this challenging diet is in the past and not likely to ever be repeated in the near future, we need to alter our expectations for this treat.<br /><br />I had tried this company's raspberry laces and strawberry laces - pretty good, although not easy to chew (think bubblegum).  Not REAL licorice you understand, but pretty doggone good as an alternative.<br /><br />So I thought I try these too - how bad could they be?  I found them pleasant to chew - not tough at all.  But the taste?  Nasty and medicinal cough syrup with an aftertaste that is truly awful.<br /><br />So I'm stuck with 11 packs.<br /><br />See if you can't find a source where you can buy just ONE pack to try out.  Your tastes may be different than mine, and you might enjoy them.
After finding out two of our family members have celiac disease, we had to give up licorice and cherry nibs.  Candy Tree's Organic Cherry Bites have no sugar and truly rival the cherry nibs with gluten.  After a year of not having the "real thing" my husband believes Candy Tree's are actually better.
This licorice has very good taste.  My daughter is on a gluten free diet and she loves these cherry bites.
Maybe these a better when they're very fresh.  You could ruin dental work if not careful chewing these.  They taste great.
Wow--this was the first licorice I'd had in two years after being diagnosed with Celiac disease.  That was one of the hardest things to give up!  These are nice--not exactly like the real thing, but close enough.  There are many companies that call their product "licorice," but they are merely rip-offs of "Dots" candy: i.e. nothing like real licorice--very gooey and stick to your teeth.  These are quite firm, more like older licorice, but still a great chew.  It satisfied me and my craving for "real" licorice.
Gluten Free foods tend to be extremely expensive when compared to "regular" foods. This licorice follows that trend. For the times when you'd like to treat yourself, Candy Tree Organic Licorice is a tasty and safe treat for Gluten Intolerant people. Amazon seems to have the best prices on it too.
This dressing became an instant favorite of mine.  It's fat free without losing the flavor.  Alot of other dresings lose alot of flavor in their fat free versions, and that only makes you have to use twice as much.  Wish Bone is now my only choice for Ranch dressing.  My husband doesn't usually go for fat free or diet anything, but I put this on our salads and he didnt even know!
If I had not purchased this salad dressing myself, I never would have guessed it was fat free. Served it with fresh vegetables during Thanksgiving pre-dinner, and it was a definite hit with the guests too.
Like the flavor and it's thick, unlike some fat free dressings that are really runny.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ODRY9I">Wish Bone Fat Free Ranch Salad Dressing, 16-Ounce Bottle (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />This is a great salad dressing...tastes just as good and is as flavorful as the regular 'fatfull' dressing.
The price is pretty good given that local stores sell one bottle for almost $4. Don't know why the price on this has gone up though.
My doc has strictly limited me on what I can and cannot eat. I can use this salad dressing and was pleased to find it in bulk at a great price. Good taste.
I bought this for my husband since he loves Ranch. He uses ranch dressing with everything. Before I bought it, I read a review that said it taste good inspite of the fat-free... Well, my husband had it and says it's aweful. I guess "to each his own" everyone's tastebuds are not alike.  Someone else may like it, so I am not going to discourage anyone from trying it. However, I had to cancel my subscription because the only one that likes Ranch in the family, doesn't like this one. I guess he needs the fat:)
WANT TO TASTE SOMETHING DIFFERENT?  THEN YOU ARE COMING TO THE RIGHT PLACE.  I JUST LOVE THE SMOOTHNESS  AND FLAVOR OF THE RANCH DRESSINGNOW GET ON YOUR HORSES (OR MULES) AND ORDER SOME TODAY.
This is a very smooth tea from Argo Tea.  I was so excited when they came to NYC, and I bought a bag of this tea to make at home.  It has an almondy/chocolatey flavor (but not overpowering).  It's a great tea for everyone, including people just starting to drink tea.  I love it in a Latte (I just microwave some milk and use that instead of water).
If you like jasmine tea, This is a great tea! Its lite not, overly medicine tasting like jasmine tea can be. Its also fun to watch the tea leaves unfurl... I steep it so many times that until I lost count.. haha. Just Great .
We received a box of these at work and the whole package was gone moments after opening it up!  Great biscuits and now I am ordering a couple boxes for a few gifts for people I can't figure out what to get...
I sent this product to my brother in law, so I have never seen the product and know nothing about it.  All I heard from him was that he was not impressed.  Other than that, I can say that it was delivered.  I ordered two of these going to different addresses and we got immediate feedback on the first one, but until we spoke to my brother in law, we had no idea if the product had even been shipped.  Would I order again?  Probably not...<br /><br />Thanks anyway,<br />Curt U
Of all the flavors of tic tacs, these are my favorite.  Great wild cherry flavor. Love them!! Too bad they aren't more readily available to purchase locally.
These little buggers are tough to find so I was happy to get a big pack at a good price online.  My daughter is content with these as a reward for doing something well and at 2 calories a piece, not all that unhealthy.
Definitely would reorder these again.  I think it would be better if they were offered in a bigger pack.  My kids love these.  Great little Valentine's Day gifts.  Great stocking stuffers.
I bought them for a friend because she loves the cherry ones and they're hard to find. I kept half for myself. I admit, gone in no time.
Everyone knows what a Tic Tac is, but let me tell you something; if you like orange tic tac's, you're going to LOVE wild cherry tic tacs!  Very cherry flavored with just enough of a mix of sweet and sour.  Do yourself a favor and try some.
I love these Wild Cherry Tic Tacs and they are impossible to find in stores.  I am so glad that I can get them from Amazon and the price is excellent!  They are a great low calorie treat and I will keep buying them from Amazon.  Highly recommend this purchase!
I low orange tictacs and after reading reviews I decided to try these and there almost just as good. Orange is still my favorite but cherry is pretty close
These are one of my favorite flavors of tic tacs.  The flavor is a true sour cherry and quite intense.  You really get a lot of flavor out of one 2-calorie treat, which can satisfy for quite a while!
great thanks for the great service i don't know what else to say i have said all i have tu say.
Since husband quit smoking many many yrs ago, he took up the tic-tac habit with cinnamon tic-tacs.  they no longer make cinnamon so he has tried the wild cherry and they are OK.
Very nice product<br />full of quality items - not the cheap candies like other baskets
Were just what my wife wanted and she loves them. Next she will get the other type of bar by the same vendor.
I love sorghum flour.  It's mild in flavor and smell, it's easily mixed into flour blends for gluten free baking too.  It's one of my favorites along with millet, sweet rice, coconut and almond.
I buy most of my flours from Bob's Red Mill in the 4-pack boxes, if only because having all the bags and boxes the same size makes it easier to store them.  It's good flour, and the bag's a good size for baking for a small family - also a good shape that will stand up on the counter while you scoop flour out of it.
My sister is alergic to wheat so I make her a lot of Gluten Free foods.  I searched local stores and could not find Sorghum Flour.  So I looked on Amazon and finally found it.  It was all packed wonderfully and arrived perfectly fine and I'm already using it.
I love baking with The Bob's Red Mill 'Sweet' White Sorghum Flour. I use it in many things but I tend to lean toward sweeter treats such as Cakes and Muffins. I make a crumble topping with this flour that my family and guests beg for! I would highly recommend this flour to any baker, even more for the gluten-intolerant ones. I use normal recipes and just replace the wheat flour. It always turns out fantastic!
I am a big fan of Sorghum flour for my baked goods. It gives everything a bit of sponge (especially cakes) and adds an extra bit of sweet to the baking. I highly recommend this for baking flour mixes - you may not want to add it to savory recipes though because of the light sweet flavor.
Spectrum Naturals Walnut Oil, refined, is a very mild oil. I can't detect any walnut smell or taste any walnut flavor at all. Maybe that's what you want in some cases, though I was hoping for a more nutty flavor like raw walnuts.<br /><br />It does have the advantage of having higher Omega 3 content than most oils. Also most oils that are high in Omega 3 (like fish oil and flax oil) have a strong taste which you probably don't want on your salad.<br /><br />Unlike some of Spectrum's oils, it is not organic.
Great product!<br /><br />The Stevia powder will not raise your blood glucose level and it is all natural.<br /><br />Use very sparingly since it is much sweeter than sugar.<br /><br />Tastes more natural than artifical sweeteners and is healthy to use since it is an organic natural sweetener.
I have recently been on a low carb diet, as I find that I can no longer tolerate even natural sugars like agave, honey, and dates. These raise the blood sugar which spikes the insulin, a hormone whose message is "store fat!" Insulin also causes the kidneys to retain water and therefore I would bloat from a high carb diet.<br /><br />My dilemma is that I love sweets--and now it is not a problem, thanks to products like stevia, a natural plant that has safely been used in parts of the world as a sweetener for hundreds of years. It has no calories and no impact on the blood sugar (although for some people there might be a bit, as the brain is tricked into thinking it is getting sugar). Stevia used to be legal in the USA only as a cosmetic product because of politics: companies that made low calorie sweeteners such as aspartame did not want competition. Yet, aspartame gave me headaches and even sometimes symptoms of multiple sclerosis. So I would use stevia at times, but the aftertaste was bad--and to be honest, I wasn't too crazy about the "during taste" either.<br /><br />Then I tried NuNaturals. This product is awesome and like no other stevia I have tried. It is not only delicious but also has no aftertaste (unless you put in way too much--a common mistake by people new to this). It comes in tablets and in powdered form (in a bottle or handy packets with individual servings). It also comes in alcohol-free liquid form and even in vanilla flavor. Unlike aspartame (which becomes even more toxic when heated) stevia can be used in baking. NuNaturals has a stevia baking blend just for that. (Since I am a raw fooder, I can't tell you how it tastes, but I am sure it is good, judging by their other products.)<br /><br />Thanks to these great products, I can do a low carb raw diet but not be deprived of my sweets!
I have mixed feelings about NuNaturals Nustevia White Stevia with Maltodextrin Powder and will probably not purchase it again.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great tasting stevia extract and very easy to use, but it is just 6.4 percent stevia and 93.6 percent maltodextrin filler.  In other words only 6 pennies of each dollar you spend on this stuff is buying you high quality stevia extract powder.  In my opinion, this is unnecessarily dilute; however, it does make it exceptionally easy to measure.  If the labeling said 6.4% stevia extract, I would have passed on this from the beginning as I can get 70% dry stevia extract of the same quality for much less money per serving of stevia. If this is your first time buying stevia, go for it as it's easy to use and tastes great.  If you're accustomed to buying and using concentrated stevia extracts, you will be probably be disappointed by the low concentration of this product's mixture.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- 5-star taste<br />- Easy to measure<br />- Perfect for first-time stevia users<br />- 3/4 tsp = ~1 tbsp cane sugar<br /><br />Cons<br />- Only 6.4% stevia<br />- Not cost-competitive with 70% or pure dry stevia extracts<br />- 3/4 tsp = ~1 tbsp cane sugar<br /><br />Overall, a good product but not the best value.  I would given it 4 stars if the product labeling didn't try to hide the fact that it's just not very potent.  For about 1/3 to 1/2 the cost of this product, you can buy concentrated stevia powders and cut them yourself with a low-cost filler like maltodextrin and come out ahead (or just use them full strength, which is often easier once you get used to the sweetening power of pure stevia).<br /><br />In case you're wondering where I got the 6.4% (by mass) value from, this is how I calculated it.  On a precise scale, I found the density of this product to be 2.5 grams per teaspoon.  The label says it contains 40mg per 1/4 tsp.  Thus, 1 tsp has 160mg stevia extract in 2500mg mixed powder.  The concentration (mass) comes to 64mg stevia per gram of product or 6.4 percent by weight.  Pretty weak stuff, but still much sweeter than cane sugar.
I used to use agave nectar and honey. Even though I picked organic, there was still more sugar than desired after I put in my recipes. I actually got Tinea Versicolor due to the sugars in those products.<br /><br />But this product is great. I use it in my protein shakes, smoothies, and baking recipes (muffins, breads), and it's awesome.<br /><br />I make a chocolate milkshake and this stuff really rounds off the edges:<br />- Cottage Cheese<br />- Chocolate Protein Powder<br />- Cacao powder<br />- Almond Milk<br />- Nustevia powder<br /><br />Just need maybe 1/4 cup of each ingredient and 1 cup of almond milk and it takes just like a sugary chocolate milk shake.
This is the best tasting stevia powder I've tried. Most other powders have a weird after taste but this one doesn't. I recently bought a 5lb bag of it online and I'm making my way through it.
Cutting sugar out of our diet,we went to splenda. Then finding that it was also unhealthy and baking with it made foods flat and dry. We went to stevia no calorie powder, after much research proved that stevia has been used for hundreds of years with no bad health effects. The trick to using stevia is to use tiny amounts and then taste it and add a bit more at a time to suit your taste. I also found that using a stevia that has an 80% ratio is the best tasting and this is the best that I have found. Because of using VERY SMALL amounts this jar lasts for months. This is also the best price ANYWHERE! Swanson is a trusted vendor as is Amazon.
I am hooked on Stevia. Not only is it all natural but it tastes great and is truly a guilt free sweetner.<br /><br />Of all the brands I have tried NuNaturals is the best; it dissolves easily in ice tea and it does not have any bitter taste.<br /><br />I keep the packets in my car and my backpack for when I eat out, I use the stevia baking blend to replace sugar in all my muffins and cookies, and this is large 12 oz jar the best size for use at home. I keep a 1/4 tsp measuring spoon in the jar to spoon it out.<br /><br />I have given up all artificial sweetners. I no longer drink diet coke (and wont until they make it with stevia instead of splenda).<br /><br />If you have not used stevia before I urge you to try it. If you have used other brands and did not like them try NuStevia and you will be impressed.
This has been the best tasting Stevia I have tried.  I also think this is a better value than some of the others.  I really like not having to open all the packets when I make a gallon of Tea.
If you are looking for a sweetener that is delicious in tea, Stevia can be used to sweeten hot or cold tea. You can almost say goodbye to regular sugars in your drinks once you get a taste for the Stevia powder.<br /><br />Unlike artificial sweeteners, Stevia is never bitter and won't leave a nasty aftertaste in your mouth. The packets are easy to carry with you and you may even notice you have less cravings for sugary foods.<br /><br />By using a low calorie (0 Calories) sweetener with only 1 gram of carbs, you will be ahead of the game. Every single time you use one packet of Stevia, you are using less sugar and you won't even miss it.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
This was my favorite stevia product and I had it on subscribe and save until I queried customer service about NuNaturals GMO use.  Yes, NuNaturals uses GMO products.  SO, I've canceled my subscribe and save order and am now using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ELL3U0">Stevita Stevia Clear Liquid Extract, 3.3-Ounce Container (Pack of 3)</a>.
Maybe my tastebuds are different but I bought this at a local healthfood store and I'm not completely sold on it.  I tried it in my tea and it did leave me w/ an aftertaste...just like most sweetners. *shrugs*
I hated Stevia and it's licorice taste until I tried Nustevia.  Since that day, I have almost completely eliminated sugar in my drinks.  I like that it is a plant based product and not bio-engineered.  No after-taste and you need very little to make anything taste sweet.
I don't like using artificial sweeteners because of the chemicals and because they don't taste good. I am a caregiver for my diabetic dad, and once I discovered this product I was hooked, except that it is hard to find where I live. When I found it at Amazon I put it on auto ship so I don't run out.  The price has gone up a lot since I first found it on Amazon, however, it still costs more in stores if and when I can find it there. I make limeade with this which I keep on hand at all times. In a gallon container of water I add 1 cup of lime juice and 2tbsp. of stevia powder. It is refreshing and almost no calories and no chemical aftertaste.  My dad uses the stevia in his coffee and his oatmeal. I haven't tried cooking with it although I know they make one designed for baking, which I'll possibly try this winter.
I bought the NuNaturals White Stevia with Maltodextrin several months ago as I'm trying to cut back on sugar and artificial sweeteners. The first morning I tried it in my coffee and hated it. It tastes just as bitter as Equal or Sweet n Low. I decided to give it another  try that same day in my lemonade and it was absolutely delicious. I've also tried it in hot tea and it is bitter but wonderful in iced tea. So, I think hot drinks bring out the bitterness in stevia. All in all I'm glad I bought this and also a box of the packets which are very convenient on the go. I have tried many different brands of stevia but, so far this is the only one I have not thrown out. I also tried Truvia. Not a fan. It makes your coffee or tea taste like licorice!
If you are trying to get off sugar, this is the product for you. I has a great sweet taste without spiking your insulin, and no bitter aftertaste.  Great for diabetics and anyone trying to eat healthy.  I love this product.
I have tried various brands of stevia, but I always come back to NuNaturals.  I buy the 12 ounce container because I use it to sweeten everything.  If you have a sweet tooth as I do but don't need the added pounds, then this is the ticket for you.  I drink a lot of tea, and this is my sweetener.  A lot of other stevia brands leave a bitter after taste, but this is the best that I have found to resolve that problem.  Highly recommended.
If you need to cut down on sugar this is the way to go! I love Stevia in my iced tea and it's great on your cereal also. Great stuff!!
I started using NuStevia several years ago.  Back then I had to purchase it from a health food store.  Thanks to Amazon I can now order and have it within a few days.  I never run out!  As for the product, it's the best.  I've tried several Stevia products but they have an after taste.  Not with NuStevia.  Please try if you haven't.
I was looking for a healthier alternative to Splenda and Equal, NuStevia taste great and this container lasts a long time.
Stevia is pretty much the only natural zero-calorie sweetener there is, but most of the time the powdered stevia is so bitter!  Not Nustevia!  Nustevia has absolutely NO bitterness, and tastes EXACTLY like real sugar!  It's amazing!  Add it to plain yogurt, you have an amazing guilt-free dessert, breakfast, side dish, snack.  Add it to tea, coffee, recipes, anything!  It is a truly magical product, and it is cheaper in the 12 oz container on Amazon than anywhere else!  They also sell it at GNC, but it is $10 for 4 oz.  Also, for drinks, I highly recommend the extremely potent liquid stevia, as sometimes the powdered version takes a while to dissolve in iced beverages (it eventually does dissolve, though).
After years of using synthetic sweeteners like Equal and Sweet N Low, I realized their long-term effects and wanted to find a good alternative. NuStevia was a lucky discovery. It has virtually no bitter aftertase, it's all natural and I've been using it exclusively for more than a year now. It works in both hot and cold beverages and comes in bulk and in packets for portability.I haven't used it for baking and probably won't because the chemistry of most recipes depends on sugar or something similar to get a good effect. However, for daily use in beverages, this product is very good.
I was quite skeptical about stevia at first, but tried it with another brand and thought there wasn't much difference in taste and I felt better about using a more natural product than the other artificial sweeteners out there. I then started looking at getting a bulk container and happened upon this product. I now have purchased this same product 4 times and am quite pleased. The product is a bit more concentrated and we are using less of the product in our drinks and cooking than other competitors.<br /><br />The deliveries are always quick and we have not had any issues at all with the product or packaging.
We love this and use it as a sugar substitute in just about everything (beverages, desserts, cooking). It is not at all bitter, even in hot drinks like coffee. For baking, there are good substitution charts online that tell you how much stevia to use per cup of sugar ([...]). If you need to replace the "bulk" of sugar in a recipe, you also have to add homemade apple fiber to make it work ([...]). My kids don't notice the switch and I feel good about using it because it's all natural.
I am so happy I discovered this product. I had tried several other brands in extract and powder form and NuNaturals is by far the best. Virtually NO aftertaste, quick dissolving and convenient. It is also very economical at 1.5 cents a serving. I use a 1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon and it sweetens my coffee or tea perfectly. Do yourself a flavor and get this stevia powder - you'll be happy you did!
I discovered this product a couple of years ago and really liked the taste in coffee , tea and on fruit and oatmeal.  It was a lot less expensive in the packets then, but I've switched to the large 12 oz. container and the price is very good. I don't use sugar and this helps me have the "sweet" and not the increased blood sugar-YEAH!!
I love this stevia! I have tried MANY different kinds over the years and this one is my FAVE! Goes great in my coffee and tea. I have this one on auto ship and get one a month (makes it pretty cheap too!)
I have tried every brand of stevia on the market and this is, hands down, the very best out there.  I use Nu-Naturals NuStevia for all sweetening purposes.  It can be hard to find even in health food stores and the ones that carry it usually charge a premium.  I was delighted to find it on amazon.com for a very reasonable price, even less when obtained through a standing order.
this stevia is the best tasting we've ever tried. it also mixes into beverages more thoroughly than some others.the service from this buyer was prompt, the product arrived on time and in excellent condition. would order from them again, and recommend them to others.Linda blyth
I ordered this after having much success with their liquid products. It is not bitter at all and has a very fresh/clean taste to it.  I have baked with it, used it on the stove, and in my oatmeal and hot cocoa.  When I run out, I'll be ordering more!
NuNaturals Stevia is the only sweetener that I use in my beverages and cooking. I have tried other brands and this one is the best! It hasn't any odd taste, and tastes better than sugar to me. I buy the large 12 ounce container and it lasts me for months! I only wish they would put this in more products sold at the grocery stores. There is a soda that has stevia in it that I purchase at a health food store called Virgil's Zero and it comes in different flavors...it is great and I don't have to be concerned about the sugar content that is in traditional sodas. This product is great and I think is the best of stevia products on the market.
I find that this jar product works better for people without as much dexterity in their hands; vs using/opening sweetener packets.  This product works well both in cold & hot things like homemade lemonade & in coffee.  Easy to open lid. Product dissolves more easily in cold liquids, than many other types of stevia.
I used to buy this product in this size at a health food store in Florida for 27 dollars. Where I moved to in NY I could not find it in the stores so I looked online. With shipping costs, it still cost under 20 dollars.<br /><br />I use this product in tea and coffee and I like it better than real sugar. I don't find it bitter at all even when I accidently put a little too much in ice tea. Sometimes I forget it's not real sugar when it's in ice tea. I especially like that it has no other additives for texture or taste. I have used it in baking simple pound cakes and cookies and they were good.
NuStevia's White Stevia powder is amazing!  I have been on a low-carb diet for the last year and have lost 27 lbs, and NuStevia products were a big help with the success of my diet.  I love sweet things, and without them I don't think I'd have been able to stay on the low-carb diet.  I have been unable to eat sugar for a long, long while.  I had previously switched to natural sweeteners like honey and agave, but when I discovered they were not on the low-carb diet I'd switched to, I had to find something else to use as a substitute.  NuStevia products are what I chose.  I tried several other types of stevia, but NuStevia products seem to be the best so far.  The bitter aftertaste associated with most stevia products is almost completely absent from NuStevia products.<br />NuStevia white stevia powder is super sweet, so you'll have to use it sparingly, and one bottle lasts a very long time.<br />I'm very happy with the product and will be buying it again and again.
The first time I tried this product  was 2 years ago at the Venetian spa restaurant in Las Vegas  having  a cup of tea with some friends. We all remarked how delicious and tasty it made our tea.  We've been using it ever since. A little goes a long way and I use it anytime I would ordinarily use a sweetener.  Since the artificial sweeteners are so unsafe and unhealthy and I have a sweet tooth, I felt this was a safe alternative. Not only is it safer, but there's no aftertaste and doesn't raise your blood sugar level. This particular stevia has absolutely no bitter taste to it. I've tried others before and since and there's no comparison.
Very happy with the product.... in a taste test, for the price, it ranks very high.  Delivery was prompt and as expected.
Love this on a toasted bagel with cream cheese and scallions or even dill, great way to enjoy caviar and not break the bank.
Roland Red lumpfish Caviar is excellent.The price is good and affordable,it makes a good presentation for company, and tastes very good. I purchased many items from Amazon, even large ticket items, and I am very satisfied with the products and service.
I bought this 4 pack to have some inexpensive caviar to use for garnish over the holidays. The other night I decided to go ahead and use one for some dip. It was so bad I couldn't believe it. It wasn't spoiled, it just had an odd flavor with a terrible aftertaste. It didn't even taste like caviar. I threw the jar away.
This stuff isn't bad at all. But you know how you can just eat spoon after spoon of really good caviar without toast points or crackers or anything? This roe is more for sprinkling over fish dishes, morning eggs or a caesar salad. All in all, for the price, it's pretty good,
I use red lumpfish caviar in a couple of dishes, and this brand is as good as any I've found, though the red coloring is perhaps a little much!
I ordered this for gifts around Christmas time. I actually was hoping to use it for our Christmas day meal. Two out of the four jars I ordered were rotten and inedible. I never did get to try it and I was very annoyed and disappointed!
This stuff sounded perfect...way too much red dye and no taste according to me and my 3 friends who tried it...kind of salty.  Basically, I would stay away from it.  I am tempted to toss it out, but paid too much to feel right about it...
Because they brought bagels to America without which we never could get maximum level of enjoyment out of this delightful low cost caviar.  Caviar for breakfast!  We use the small soft plain bagels cut in two upon which we smooth a bit of cream cheese then a nice ring of caviar in the center of which is colorful and delicious cut up hard cooked egg then add a perfect cup of coffee.  This is is best done on a week end so it can be savored ever so slowly--no stress involved--pure luxury.  Yes, Yes, Yes, yes, yes.
Not knowing what to expect I decided to take a chance since it wasn't that expensive.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the caviar.  I put this stuff on just about anything I could and it was amazing.  I don't know too much about caviar, but for this price I don't think anybody can complain.
This is a joy to serve on my mini potato pancakes  with sour cream and then a teaspoon of this caviar on top. Soooooo tasty and pretty for Christmas. Thanks for offering it.
Caviar taste awful. Maybe it's because I bought from a cheaper brand or maybe because cavier is just bad no matter who you buy it from or how much you paid for it? Why do people like to waste money on these things?
All of the Roland products are top quality.  Roland's caviar is the real deal, unlike some other brands that are really made from seaweed!
if u have not tried this u r missing the best thing u could cook for your family.I give this 10 stars.
Cooked in healthy coconut oil that's why it stays crunchy! Will not give you side effects of vegetable oil - oxidized cholesterol, transfats, rancidity, and free radicals when you eat foods fried in canola soybean or corn oil.
Thought these were the larger sized ones you see in stores but I was mistaken.  These pops are about 7" inches long and a little less than 1" inch wide.  Flavors are comparable to Flavor-Ice, not necessarily better.  My wife and I enjoy these throughout the year instead of ice cream, but we can only find them in our local grocery store during the summer months.  Glad we can get them via Amazon! These were on sale for $5.48 per box of 100 with free shipping, so I think we got a good value.  Without the sale pricing, I'm not sure if we'd choose these over another brand, but if they do go on sale again, we would probably buy them again.  Not bad, just a little small...  Eat two!  ;-)
These are a cheap alternative for summer when everyone wants a cold treat. Superior flavor and size than the Fla-Vor-Ice case.
We first tasted this coffee in the hotel coffee shop in Costa Rica while on vacation.  We bought a few bags and brought them back home with us.  Costa Rica grows arabica coffee beans, fantastic.  We enjoy good coffee and it is best in the morning. It's strong, flavorful, full bodied, and not bitter.  In our 12 cup drip coffee maker, we use two rounded scoops (about 5 tbs).  When we finished the last of the coffee, we looked on Amazon and found the exact brand we had purchased in Costa Rica.  We bought four bags and will be getting more.
Forget Starbucks, Peets or anything else. This is the real deal. Like a good vintage wine, Britt coffee is truly gourmet with no after taste! I am really fussy about coffee, and generally avoid it, but after a trip to Costa Rica fell in love with the beverage again! You have to use a French Press to get the full favor so throw away those other coffee making contraptions, your beans deserve the best, your taste buds deserve the best too. No I don't work for Britt and did not get paid to say this!!!!!  But if you guys at Britt read this send me a sample or two!!
This  coffee is the smoothest dark roast coffee I have ever tasted,and it was a pleasure to sip this full bodied coffee before breakfast and after dinner.
I love this coffee! Like the other reviewers, I took a trip to Costa Rica and was immediately addicted to this bold, flavorful coffee. I am a cover lover and have tried many different brands only to find that Britt is hands-down the best I've ever had. I brought back one bag from Costa Rica and have started ordering my supply because I can't go back to other bland store-bought coffees. Definitely worth a try! You won't be disappointed.
This coffee is delicious. It is full bodied and leaves a great almost chocolaty after taste. My dad told me about it after a trip to Costa Rica.
My husband and I took a vacation to Costa Rica and had a wonderful time.  The whole time we were there we drank there Britt Dark Roast and loved the taste.  There was no bitter after taste, plus I normally drink decaf and noticed with the Britt regular dark roast it didn't bother me at all!!! I don't have to order decaf anymore and can enjoy the regular. I now order it on line and find it to be the best tasting coffee I've ever had.<br />Thanks for growing the best coffee beans in the world!!!
Great tasting coffiee!! One of the best I've ever had! The problem here is the high shipping costs.
My husband and I fell in love with Cafe Britt coffee while we were in Costa Rica.  Upon our return we were delighted to see that we could order it through amazon.com!  The coffee is easy to drink - not bitter or harsh and is a great way to start your day.  Highly recommended.
I used to use this coffee after we visited Costa Rica and gave some to my aunt.  She thinks it is the best coffee there is, so I gave her some for Christmas.  It is excellent.
I first tried Britt dark roast when I was In Costa Rica.  It has a lot of rich flavor, but it is not bitter at all.  I've bought<br />it by the case ever since.  It's really no more expensive than those "gourmet" brands you find at your local store.  This is<br />simply the best coffee I've ever had, and I've tried many supposedly special ones over the years.
I would never have ordered this had I known I was only going to be sent 12, and one of them was open and leaking powdered spice out. I complained to Amazon, and I know from experience that they always have awesome customer service. Since I just got my package today and just opened it now, I have to wait a bit to hear back from them on this issue...will keep you updated. I just wanted you guys to know that even though it states 144 packets, it is NOT. Must be a misprint? Double check with Amazon before you order this. What sounds like an awesome deal is a meh deal if you are getting only 12 of them.
I used Super Gold Luster Dust to create the most exquisite chocolate aspen leaves for the groom's cake at my son's wedding. By using an artist's paintbrush to lightly coat the molded leaves with Luster Dust, the result was startlingly beautiful. In contrast to food coloring, the Luster Dust brushes on easily and imparts a realistically metallic color and sheen. The containers are small but the product goes a long way, making it extremely economical to use. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1933981350">The Step Dynamic: A Powerful Strategy for Successfully Growing Your Business</a>
I have used this product multiple times.  In fact, I purchased four tubs of the gold and silver luster dust (2 each) five years ago and I am JUST NOW running out!  I use this stuff to gild all sorts of things for Renaissance themed banquets - including gilding an entire roast duck and then, using vodka, painting filigree designs onto it!  The clients thought it was prop food it looked so beautiful.  I can't recommend this stuff enough!
i purchased this item for a cake that called for gold dust, never thought i would find it, but im glad i did. when i sprinkled it on it looked  like a shining star. the container is small but it will go a long way. worth buying.
This product allows me to make some really big splashes when providing spiced nuts at gatherings.  The fact that the gold spreads so easily allows me to use just a little but "show off"  People are amazed that this is edible gold
i found this product doing a search for "edible gold leaf." i decided to purchase after reading rave reviews about food items that were created using it. HOWEVER.. it is clearly marked "NOT to be consumed" and "for decorative use only." so this is a misleading product.
Are you familiar with the Hormel Compleats line?  If so, put this one in the middle of the pack.  It's not as good as the meatloaf or the meatballs/noodles in cream sauce.  It's better than the horribly taste-free chicken/dressing.  About even with the turkey.  Is that all I've tried?  I forget; but you get the point.  It's medium-Compleat.<br /><br />Are you just thinking about trying a Hormel Compleat for the first time?  OK, then just remember these reviews on Amazon -- particularly food reviews -- are all simply opinions of customers, no scientific analysis intended (I hope).<br /><br />Compleats are quick, easy (except for pulling the plastic off the top) and generally edible.  There's not a whole lot more to say about them.  I eat them because I'm an old guy living alone and too often I'm just lazy.  These do come in handy for a quick light meal.  "Light" depending on your appetite and the size of your tummy.<br /><br />This is a good one to lead off with if you're just now getting into Compleats.  Just note that, in my opinion, it's middle of the road for the line.  Not a lot of flavor; but goes down OK.
I've tried several of the Compleats line, including this one, and they all have one thing in common: the picture on the box looks like a lot of food with a moderate amount of sauce on it, but the box actually contains a moderate amount of food with a lot of sauce on it.<br /><br />The Chicken and Rice flavor has some shredded chicken with rice, carrots and peas and a whole lot of chickeny flavored sauce. It's very salty but not lacking in chicken flavor. The texture of all of the ingredients is decent, neither too firm nor too mushy, except for the ratio of sauce to solid food being too saucy. Overall, I'd say it's fine in a pinch - these shelf-stable meals are easier to find than most - but if you have other options available, these are only fair-to-middlin'.
These radiation-treated dinners that don't need freezing are a great convenience.  I've tried quite a few of the Hormel Compleats and this is one of my favorites.  Home cookin', it ain't, and it's a bit too salty, but for a satisfying meal in 90 seconds, it's hard to beat.  The only reason I've given this flavorful, decently chicken-filled dish 4 stars instead of 5 is because the rice is white.  We all know by now that whole grains are healthier, so, until these companies start making their dishes with whole wheat pasta and brown rice, I'll mark them down.
I subscribe to several Hormel Compleats. This is definitely the best flavored dinner I have tried.  I am planning to double my subscription.
Like the majority of other meals in the Hormel line, this one is excessively salty. That alone is tolerable though if only the meal wasn't swimming in sauce. This ends up being more like a soup than a rice meal which is an utter shame because everything else is fairly nice and the enormous amount of sauce ruins it.<br /><br />But it's very quick and easy to make and fills you up so even a blah meal like this fits the bill. It's not my favorite of this type of meals but I wouldn't turn it down for lunch one hungry afternoon.
Me and my wife have tried a wide range of the Hormel compleats, and this is by far the worst tasting one of the bunch. I could complain about the lack of "Chicken" but the horrid taste even<br />overshadows that minor drawback. I know its a cheap meal,  but I do expect something at least a little edible.  If you are looking to the Compleats then go with something at least worth you money, pick up the far superior tasting Spaghetti or Turkey dinners, and feed this thing to the family dog.
Not so sure about this product. Chicken and Rice is not really what there is. Sure there is some chicken and some rice but mostly gravy. All in all I still like it.
Not bad, but like others say a bit too salty. I do notice a strange after taste, tho. I like Boyardee's better. And won't buy this again.
This is a starchy soup rather than the meal portrayed on the outside.  There is very little taste and very little chicken.  It is mostly rice in a weak chicken stock thickened with potato and corn starch.<br /><br />It is not repulsively bad, if you want a light, convenient snack.<br /><br />The Chef Boyardee microwavable meals are tastier and more substantial, and also more convenient because you just have to pull off the lid, which comes away easily.  With these Hormel Compleats, you have to pierce the top first, and then peel it off afterwards, which is not so easy, especially as it is hot.
These dinners are as close to perfect as can be found here in the mountains.  Quick, easy and delicious!
I'm not so sure why the other guy didn't like this so much, I LOVE IT!!  In fact, it might just be one of my favorite foods around.  It's tried and true, rarely cooks wrong, and always good to warm the belly and soul.  I only but this flavor, it's so good, why deviate from it?  I have tried other brands before, bit Maruchan makes the best ramen noodles in all of time.
This is ramen, a cheap, easy, and fast noodle meal that is pretty cheap. Its got its pros and cons, but mostly its pretty alright. The chicken flavor is good. Some people find it too salty, I like it as is. The price here on Amazon is comparable to some groceries when its not on sale, higher than others. Still, if you're like me and want to avoid the stores as much as possible, maybe paying a $1 more for 24 isn't such a big deal. Nutritionally its pretty meh. You could do a lot better. But its also a versatile base- you can always add lots of veggies, meat, other spices, pretty much anything to this to dress it up and make it a better meal option. We keep it in the house for quick lunches when no one wants to cook a meal just for themselves.
Im on a quest to try all the Ramen Flavors. Ramen is a good lunch for me, being easy to make, cheap and versital. The Chicken flavor is one I remember but I havent had it in a long time, its one of the only flavors sold in stores where I live. I made some recently. Its better than I remember, salty but good. This is one of the more americanized flavors. I recommend NOT adding 2 cups of water. I added a bit more than 1 1/4 cup. and it was perfect. 1 1/4- 1 1/3 or 1 1/2 seems to be the perfect amount. I like eating it as a soup so I dont pour out the water. You can add things to Ramen like meat, eggs, or vegetarian protein and frozen veggies to make it a more filling meal or eat it plain. Or dont use the seasoning packet and add your own seasonings. Whatever you like. This is a great product, I recommend if you want easy, cheap lunches.
This is a classic ramen choice.  Our kids, 3-6 love this.  When we're RVing, we have a case of this on hand.  A bowl, some water, and 2:30 in the microwave, and we've got our instant meal. We break up the noodles while still sealed in the package.  This helps the kids not make a mess when trying to eat them. They don't seem to tire of these; and we're not overly offended by the nature of the just-add-water-product. We each had our ramen-eating-college-days. These also make a great item to have on hand in a desk drawer for the days you forget your lunch, etc. at work.  Just make sure you have a pack of paper (not styro-save the enviro) bowls and some fork/spoons in that drawer, too.
If you want a hot meal with no effort that is delious...this is the way. While cooking noodles...microwave left over meat/hot dog/boloni(sp?). Also, microwave a spoon or two of vegetable...left over/frozen/canned. After noodles cook/add season packet...pour over meat/veg...after a minute pour some of the liquid out...you have a wonderful meal with less sodium because you poured it out! College kids live off this meal because it is CHEAP/quick and can all be done in microwave if need be. You can get a case of Libby's carot/peas from AMAZON for about$11! Since you are using only a spoon or two...lasts a long time!
A bit dry but still good. They may be perfectly all right; I just thought the noodles were hard and dry.<br />I'm still enjoying them.
the taste isn't good, at least isn't good for Japanese and Chinese.<br />Its taste is basically sort of American Japanese taste.<br />Plus the price isn't competitive.<br /><br />I'd suggest Asians never buy it.
I ordered this 13-pack sampler, and I have to say that I really do like the flavor of the Donut Shop Classics pods.  They are mellow, smooth, and have virtually no bitterness.  I just can't believe how fresh they manage to keep their pods.  I give them four stars because I prefer freshly roasted and ground, but to date, when I'm in a hurry in the mornings, which is most mornings, I reach for a pod of Donut Shop Classics.
With this spice mix, you can recreate the taste of your favorite restaurant stews.  It is potent, so do not use too much. It smells heavenly. Perfect for both meat and bean stews.
If you like garlic this is for you. I've been making this as a dip with Greek yogurt and reduced fat mayonnaise. I usually add chopped spinach to it and serve it with crudites and chips. I have gotten rave reviews from my friends. My only complaint is that it consists of dried vegetables and a powder and it is difficult to make sure they are equally distributed when measuring it out.
I've been eating the McDougall Right Foods for a few years now, and this is by far the best.  It takes exactly the way the name suggests.  It tastes great with cooked vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower, and it is very easy to make.  The only problem I have with it is that the noodles aren't thick enough for me, but I think one time I let them sit in the microwave a little longer and they became thick.  Other than that, I'd recommend this product to anyone who wants to eat healthy and who enjoys noodles and peanut flavor.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 1:38 Mins<br /><br /></span>skip the Pad Thai. go for this.<br />edit: this soup has moved up to the #6 spot when I typed in Dr. McDougall today. I'm glad, because I want to order this for a while, and don't want this soup to be seen as unprofitable by Right Foods (Dr. McDougall).
I love the McDougall Asian Entr&eacute;es and although I haven't tried all of them this one is amazing. It has a really peanutty flavor that you wouldn't expect in a product containing only 3 grams of fat per serving. I would imagine these would make a great dinner added to a pound of mixed stir-fry vegetables...I am buying a case now to test just that! The peanut flavor is strong enough that I bet it'd distribute among a fair amount of vegetables or tofu when added so you wouldn't get very saucy noodles and dry veggies.<br /><br />I recommend this product. The best-tasting peanut noodle you'll be able to find for only 3 grams of fat.
This is a very tasty item. My wife doesn't eat meat and had to stay<br />in a hotel for 4 weeks during a training she attended. I had this shipped<br />to her and she raved about the great flavor and wanted more!
Sure, I could have gone on a food crusade at the local grocery to find a similar product. But I don't think I would have found a product as good and tasty as Dr. McDougall. The noodles are quick and easy to prepare and above all else tasty enough to satisfy my appetite. I was surprised that there were enough peanuts in every bite just like at a Thai food restaurant. Overall, I'm pleased with my order and the quality of the product.
These are super tastey! I would definitely recommend. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wish they were bigger! :D
Super tasty quick meal.  It's a bit small, but perfect for a lunch on the go.  Definitely not going to help you with any dinner hunger pangs though.<br /><br />The sodium is a little higher than I'd like, but I really can't beat it for economic and efficient lunchfood.
I like the concept, and I like Asian food, but the "roasted peanut noodle" variety of this McDougall's entree doesn't have enough peanut flavor for me.  Sauce is rather thin, too, and the flavor's fine--just not sure I could identify it as peanut.  I'll try a different variety next time, I think.
Tastes great. Price is okay. Received in timely manner, but two of the soup packages were bent. Hope the price comes down.
There are many workdays when I only have a few minutes for lunch or (all too often) dinner. On these days, Dr. McDougall's products are lifesavers! I keep some fresh, washed veggies in my office fridge and can have a great meal ready in 5 minutes. Just microwave this one, for instance, while cutting up some broccoli, peppers, a carrot, and whatever else I have around (I also added half of a slim yellow squash the other day, cut in little "twigs" - delicous!) By the time you're through cutting, you'll have finished with cooking the soup and the soup's "standing" time will be almost over. (It needs a few minutes to thicken up.) Take a tablespoon of the broth and a tablespoon of water, add the veggies and the liquid to a big bowl, toss the veggies in the liquid, and microwave for about 1 minute 30 seconds. When through, dump the soup and noodles on top and you have a delicious, healthy meal. The men in my office come sniffing around when the aroma of the soup comes out of the microwave -- several are now also fans, despite being initially worried by the fact that the meal is vegan. When I am organized enough to remember to wash and bring it in, I add a spring onion on top (I just use an office scissors to cut it.) If you can afford the calories, a few drops of toasted sesame oil is a nice addition, as well, as is tamari. YUMMY!
For a 220 calorie dish that can sit in your desk drawer indefinitely, this really isn't bad. It's certainly better than Chef Bouyardee or Easy Mac or actual Cup of Noodles. I've only ever had one other Dr. McDougall's product which was the Tortilla Soup and I much preferred it. I found this one to be a bit bland. It was pretty much just dried Cup of Noodles type noodles with some peanutty powder and a few green onions. I think the peanut flavor could have been more pronounced and I wasn't crazy about the texture of the noodles. I guess I was hoping for a bit more than ramen with peanut sauce.<br /><br />I only gave this three stars because I thought it was a bit of a let down. I liked it but I didn't love it as much as I should have given my love of peanut sauce. I would maybe buy it again at a grocery store if it was on sale but I certainly don't see myself buying them in bulk from amazon. My go-to Desk Drawer food is still Annie Chun's Udon Noodle Soup Bowl. The calorie count is pretty similar (I think Annie Chun's is like 280 or so) but the texture of the noodles is far superior because they use the vacuum sealed pre-cooked noodles. However, if you're not in the mood for soup, these peanut noodles may be a better way to go after all.
first time I've tried this item, it's just ok, the broth is tasty but the noodles are pretty bland to me
The noodles for this product are what make me gag.  I am not a fan of this meal at all and I &lt;3 Asian food.  For those looking for a delicious snack who are not already 100% vegan - I would either A) go try 1 first or B) skip buying this package as it is not delicious.
I read the reviews for this product and had high hopes for a healthy, decent tasting cup of noodles. Needless to say I found this not to be true. First, the consistency is gross and second, the taste is awful. Maybe I am just not accustomed to eating crap. Think twice before ordering this product. I wish I did.
These papers are great, they leave a delicious strawberry taste on your lips. Even the glue tastes good.
These smell so good and are cute and a great size, with a bend in the middle to help roll, and holds together really well with tasty glue. Definitely recommend. Smell like strawberry bubble gum, doesn't really affect flavor too much, but better than plain ones and very sweet. Box says "printed with soy ink" so it's clean and I don't have to worry about ridiculous chemicals for the graphics.
These rolling papers are great they taste amazing and they burn slow and also prevent tar from running down the paper
Love this soup.  I have been eating this soup for a long time. I have tried several different soups with these same types of ingredients, and this one is the best by far.  However, I will not order it from Amazon again.  I ordered a case, two different times, and the first time 6 of the 12 cans were dented.  The second order, the postal worker delivered it to me in a plastic trash bag because 2 cans were busted open, the other 10 cans, were dented with the labels coming off of them because of getting wet from the soup that had leaked from the busted cans.  It was a huge mess to clean up.  They need to package items better.  Amazon did issue a full refund, but after having 2 out of 2 shipments being damaged, I am not willing to order soup, or any other food items from them.
This coffee supposedly is premium, it tastes watery--very thin.  Not good at all.  Maybe old??<br />Not sure, it was a waste, and I'm using it line the bottom of my sitting shoes and trash cans and rained-on luggage, to absorb the smells.  So I used it, but not to drink.  Do not buy.
Excellent. Very nice, rich and creamy with the pistachio nut in the middle. mmmm.....  Delish!!!
If you want a good quick cooked sauce without excess acidity these are the ones to use. The real San Marzano, beware of imitators!
Long ago I discovered that San Marzano tomatoes were unparalleled for flavor when it comes to making sauces. I tried many brands, and have done many side by side tasting comparisons, and Cento San Marzano tomatoes have consistently won out. These tomatoes have a deep and rich flavor, and a nice acid to sugar balance (though you may need to enhance this when making a sauce). It's pretty obvious when you pull these tomatoes out of the can that they were picked at their ripest, due to their deep red color and soft texture. Many tomatoes advertise themselves as San Marzanos, but since SM is a type of tomato, they could have been grown anywhere. Not these. These are SM tomatoes grown in the San Marzano region of Italy, in volcanic soils perfect for growing tomatoes. I have no affiliation with Cento, I just love a perfect tomato sauce. Use these tomatoes, be sure to not cook the sauce for more than 15 minutes, and you'll see what I mean. Even using fresh, locally grown, in-season tomatoes I haven't been able to get the depth of flavor that I do with the Centos.
I wanted to make authentic italian margherita pizza at home so I ordered this and Caputo "00" flour.  These tomatoes are amazing,  and taste just liek the tomatoes at our favorite Italian pizza restaurant.  The label says there is basil in it but i did not detect visually or in taste any basil.  This stuff is jsut awesome.  I ordered another 8 cans.  Shipping kills though.
My sister and I did a blind taste test with these to see if the price was worth it, and we couldn't tell the difference between these and the two other brands I had on hand. I wouldn't buy them again.
As I was growing up my mother always made apple sauce cake for every birthday and special occasion.  After I was diagnosed with celiac I began trying to make a cake that was like the one my mother made.  After 6 years I gave up trying.  Then I saw this mix in the store 2 years ago and got very excited with the prospects.  When I make the cake I tweak the mix recipe a little. I add to the dry mix 1/4 cup coco, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts and 1/2 raisins. I use 3 large eggs, 3/4 cup apple sauce, 1/3 cup of oil and 1/3 cup water instead of what is listed on the bag.  This cake and the chocolate cake mix also made by Namaste are our family's favorites.  This includes my husband and children who are not celiac and are VERY picky eaters!
I served this wonderful cake at a Christmas party at my house.  As the only celiac in the crowd, I decided to wait until the others had tried it, before revealing that it was gluten free.  Everyone raved over the great taste!  The package included directions for making the mix into a carrot cake, which is how I served it.  My own two boys said it was the best cake I had ever made, including the traditional wheat flour cakes I sometimes make for the rest of my family.  It was moist, spicy, and rich.  It reminded me of the cakes my grandmother made when I was growing up, and she was a terrific cook.  I highly recommend this one!
This product arrived with the sanitary seal in place and in good condition.  After nearly 10 months in Iraq, being able to shake pepper out of this thing and smell it in the air is heaven compared to the tiny little pepper packets they give us that have little to no taste.  I really do love the smell of this pepper and it tastes great.  You may be better off buying it in the grocery store and not paying for shipping if you can manage that, though =)
Not wanting to pay $9 per pound at the local mall for black jelly beans, I came to my favorite online store, Amazon. With free shipping I could not beat the price. I went from paying $9 per pound to $3.50 per pound. I was afraid that maybe the good deal meant that they were stale but to my suprise they were fresh and delicious. I bought them for my mother for Mother's Day because she did not get a chance to buy any for Easter. With 10 pounds, I had plenty to share with my friends too.
These jelly beans are wonderful.  They are smaller than regular jelly beans but that doesn't take away the flavor.  I would recommand these to anyone.
Licorice Jelly Beans use to be my absolute favorite in the jelly bean flavors (I no longer eat sugar).  These were bought as a gift, so I did get to try a few just to see how they  are.  I've had many over the years before giving up on sugar and honestly have never had any with this good a flavor!  Also their customer service is excellent! I needed to contact them and they were very responsive and also willing to do just about anything to make sure even ONE customer is happy - something lacking in most companies these days.<br />To compare - I tried a couple Jelly Belly licorice ones and to me they had a fruit flavor that was just wrong - not enough of a licorice taste.  Gimbal's is less expensive this way and superior in every aspect of a licorice jelly bean.  This is a LARGE quantity!! Keep that in mind when purchasing - either have a lot of jelly bean lovers in your life, or a large family or collection of friends to share with - unless of course your sweet tooth won't stop and then, just savor them all yourself ;-)<br />Enjoy!
I never got the product and complained about the non receipt.  so i bought some in the store. klefje lskejfewl lsfjewldf
Soy milk is scrumptious and this variety has some extra nutrients added. It's a great, nutritious, high-calcium, no cholesterol product at a great price. Buy a case.
makes nasty loose poo! the dry food does the same thing. i've tried the adult version and the puppy version and both gave my adult dog and my puppy super soft and stinky stools.
This product is very good.  It goes a long way.  But quite as good as the one at DD.  Good product not the less.
I have purchased locally many other flavors of Da Vinci syrups, and ordered blueberry online to try it, because it isnt available locally- and I love blueberry! Well, this was a disappointment to me- very very sugary sweet with little blueberry flavor; not to mention I paid 4x what I would pay locally.<br />#very disappointed
I am a big fan of most of the freeze dried fruit and veggies, they are crunchy and flavorful and have NOTHING added.  The tomato fragments are extremely dry and tough, more like old sun dried, and for me they are only good when used in cooked dishes.  I do appreciate that these are organic!
I absolutely LOVE the just tomatoes tomatoe slices. I thought the bits might be good for soups etc., but they don't seem to have the same sweet flavor of the slices. I will ues these up, but go back to the slices. On the whole, a great product.
I toss some of these in soups, or hydrate in a bit of hot water and add to salads or salad dressings. They add a nice somewhat meaty flavor, (almost like bacon bits but healthy), to almost any dish.
MY QUESTION FOLLOWED BY THEIR REPLY - VERY GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!<br /><br />Hey guys,<br />So we are trying to feed a new born as much breast milk as we can, however there is not enough to meet his nutritional needs.<br />So a formula is in order as a supplement. With that, we are interested in your toddler formula, and it appears that since this meets the FDA Infant Formula Guidelines, that it should be safe, (and opinions on the Internet seem to feel the same way). However, our doctor says that it should not be used because of the higher amounts of calcium and phosphorous. He was also concerned about using the DHA/ARA supplement with concerns about the egg white process and that the proteins in egg whites are not good for an infant. Any thoughts on this? Thanks!<br /><br />THEIR ANSWER<br /><br />Dear Dave,<br /><br />Thank you for contacting Nature's One®.  Firstly, you are correct in that our Baby's Only Organic® formulas meet the nutritional requirements of the FDA's Infant Formula Act. No dilution is needed for babies under 12 months of age. Please follow label mixing instructions.<br /><br />Regarding the calcium and phosphorous content in Baby's Only Organic® formulas, calcium is an essential nutrient needed for bone health. The American Academy of Pediatrics Expert Panel for Nutrient Levels in Infant Formula has provided recommendations on the amount of calcium with the minimum per 100 Calories being 50 milligrams and the maximum being 140 milligrams per 100 Calories. Phosphorus is another important mineral for bone health. The Expert Panel has also recommended that the calcium to phosphorus ratio in an infant formula be no less than 1.1 or more than 2.0. Baby's Only Organic® falls within these ranges with our calcium at 135 milligrams per 100 Calories and a calcium to phosphorus ratio of 1.5.<br />Reference: Committee on Nutrition, Pediatric Nutrition Handbook, The American Academy of Pediatrics, 2009, pages 1245-1246.<br /><br />The balance between calcium and phosphorus is most important for bone development. The calcium to phosphorus ratio in both Baby's Only Organic® formula and Enfamil NextStep is 1:5. Thus, Baby's Only Organic® formulas provide an appropriate ratio of calcium and phosphorus for toddlers and an appropriate overall quantity of calcium and phosphorus.<br /><br />Regarding our Baby's Only Essentials® DHA/ARA supplement, The DHA utilized in our Baby's Only Essentials® DHA & ARA supplement is sourced from egg yolk phospholipids. You are probably aware that most often an egg allergy is caused by the egg white rather than the yolk. Additionally, it is the protein component of foods that usually elicit an allergic reaction. Because we use the phospholipids (not protein) from the egg yolk, there is only a very minute chance that an allergic response will ensue.<br /><br />If your child has a history of allergies, we highly recommend that you consult your child's healthcare provider.<br /><br />DHA is also found naturally in other foods, including oily fish like trout, sardines, tuna and salmon and the yolk of eggs. Dietary ARA is available from animal meats, dairy foods, eggs, peanuts and nori seaweed. As your child increases the variety of foods in her diet, you can include some of these foods in her diet. Other natural sources of DHA would include fish oil or fish oil supplements. Unfortunately, it is difficult to insure that these are free from mercury or other environmental toxins. But, also remember that these fatty acids can be formed from dietary linoleic and linolenic acids (nuts, seeds, grains legumes, vegetables and their cold-pressed oils). By including good sources of high quality fats in the diet, your child will easily be able to meet her specific needs<br /><br />Most egg allergies are a result of ingestion of egg white; egg yolk allergies are rare.<br /><br />Proteins are the component of foods that cause allergic reactions. Egg allergy is usually due to the proteins in the egg white. These protein allergens are: ovomucoid, ovalbumin, ovotransferrin; lysozyme, and ovomucin.<br /><br />However, there can be a rare situation of egg yolk allergy. The literature to date usually associates egg yolk allergy to a reaction triggered by inhaled bird allergen, referred to as Bird-egg syndrome. This is a very rare syndrome.<br /><br />Egg allergy can also be seasonal. Oak pollen, short and western ragweed and the goosefoot family of weeds may cross react with eggs when these pollens are in season.<br /><br />The estimated point prevalence of egg allergy in children is 1.6% by 2.5 years of age. (1) Again, egg white is usually the cause of an egg allergy. Most children outgrow an allergy to eggs by 5 years of age.<br /><br /> (1) Eggesbo M, Botten G, Halvorsen R, Magnus P, "The prevalence of allergy to egg: a population-based study in young children," Allergy 56; 5:403<br /><br />I hope this information is helpful to you. Thank you for your interest in Baby's Only Organic® formulas. Please let me know if you have additional questions.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Lori<br />Nature's One Inc.<br />[...]<br />[...]<br />Toll Free [...]
HANDS DOWN the best formula on the market.  Sadly, my breast milk dried up so I had to fine a formula.  My poor son has so many GI, stomach, gas, crying, reflux, etc issues.  We were on Alimentum for over a month.  We even tried the ready to eat b/c I heard it was corn free.  I also tried the hypoallergenic version by Enfamel.  Nothing made him better.<br /><br />After researching DHA/ARA...I found some scary things.  Basically, it is made by using chemicals.  There are some babies that have had a horrible reaction to this b/c of the toxins.  You can google it.  Anyway, I found this organic formula that didn't have it in it (you can buy DHA/ARA seperate made from eggs organically and no chemicals).  I was nervous...b/c my son had so many issues...I didn't want to make it worse.  But I tried it!  Seriously, it has changed my son's life!  He is a completely different baby!  I no longer even give him acid reflux meds anymore...I mean of course it is still there...but that is how much better it is.  My son has been on this since he was 6 weeks.  I know it says toddler, but if you go to their site it is FDA approved for infants.  They say toddler b/c they fully support breast feeding for the first year.  It has the same cals, fats, nutrients, vit, minerals pretty much as the other leading brands...it's just organic...no DHA/ARA..and they don't use corn syrup.  Seriously, try this formula!
I can't believe I am the first to review this great product.<br /><br />We have been using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BM4JLC">Earth's Best Organic Infant Formula with Iron, 25.75-Ounce Canister</a> (which is also a great product) up until our little started showing signs of lactose intolerance. After consulting with the pediatrician, we started searching for a suitable alternative.<br /><br />Whilst Soy formulas are being offered as the "lactose free" alternative by many, our first preference was "non-soy" alternative. We also wanted a natural & organic product, free of those nasty chemicals and ingredients. After a considerable amount of research and shopping around, we found this was the best choice out in the market that was both lactose free and natural/organic.<br /><br />Our little one also took to this formula very well and doing a lot better on this formula.
You can find this 6-pack for $40 dollars less at diapers.com.  No reason they should be charging this much.
Our 9 month old originally was spitting up a lot. We had him 1st on Similac regular, then went to Similac Sensitive and finally to Similac Soy.  The soy did the trick. He was on similiac soy for the past 6 months. When the Similac recall went through, my wife became disgusted with Similac and suggested we try a new brand. I was reluctant but did so anyway.  We reminded ourselves that as babies get older, they become less fussy, less gassy and maybe they don't need SOY anymore if that's what they were used to. So I went to my local Whole Foods store and bought the Lactose Free Baby's only formula. AN instant hit !!!!! My son loves it ! Seriousely. He gobbles it down...all 6 oz in once shot. Before with the similac soy, he would have to take a break in between.  My wife actually tasted the milk and said it is delicious compared to similac soy.  Well, if adults like it, I am sure babies would too !  I am very happy thus far with our choice. We were going to get Natures Best, but read that the way they extract their DHA is not ideal. Glad I realized that.  So far so good ! We always thought that our baby would be stuck with SOY formula...thank's to the similac recall and some good old fashioned parent intuition, we realized that is NOT the case.  I am happy about that since SOY can cause some hormonal problems.....babies and adults alike.  Thank you Baby's only for making an excellent product !
When my daughter was an infant, she was allergic to something in my breastmilk and was put on Neocate which worked wonders for her allergic colitis.  For my son, we were therefore very careful when it came time to picking out a formula to supplement breastmilk.  His stomach does react when I have accidentally had more dairy than I can tolerate so my pediatrician recommended a lactose free formula, especially given our Asian background.  I wanted something organic, not soy, lactose free, and with as clean of a label as possible and this formula fulfills all of those criteria.  My son didn't like it at first, but now he switches easily between breastmillk and formula.  He has not been gassy nor spit up on it.  I really wish Amazon stocked it.
I love pasta, but it does not love me.  I just don't seem to be able to digest it.  But this pasta, not only tastes great, it is so easy to digest.  And, as an added bonus, it is healthy & low in calories.  I have now tried every version of this pasta & they are all amazing.  Some reviewers complained that the pasta is too firm, but that is not the case.  You simply need to cook it a bit longer than regular pasta & then it is light as a feather. Because of how wonderful it tastes & because it is so light, you would think that you were eating homemade pasta.  Almost hard to beleive that this stuff comes out of a box! :-)
I eat this pasta every day, without guilt. I love this pasta. I maintain my desired weight without any problem. You have to cook this pasta a little longer than normal pasta, but it is every bit as good.
Each box is 8oz and usually I make 8oz mixed with some lean protein for a meal for both my husband and I, and if we have leftovers, it's rare.  This time however, I had half of it leftover only b/c we felt full and couldn't eat anymore.  I wonder if this is b/c of the high amt of fiber. Whatever, this morning my hubby tells me he's down 3 lbs. too.  I'm jealous. Also, I've been on an eating binge almost 2 weeks, always feeling unsatiated. Last night I had no strong urges to eat snacks.  I ate an apple more out of habit to eat something than b/c I was truly hungry. I won't say this is the outcome for everyone, but I thought I'd share.  I'm using the leftover pasta in my bean soup tonight. I'd like to eventually try the different varieties of shapes of pasta now, too.
I love this stuff and only get it through Amazon.  It arrived on time and good condition and I enjoy it.
Just a quick note... a very good friend of mine who also battles weight issues and love pasta turned me on to this product.  We bought a box at Whole Foods and I was impressed by the taste but especially by the low calories and high fiber content.  Amazingly it's about 40% cheaper at Amazon than at Whole Foods, and being an Amazon Prime customer saved me on shipping.<br />I'll be back for more soon.  I love quality and a bargain.
Love this pasta.  I mix this with regular pasta for a meal, half and half.  Love the lower calories and the fiber content.
My husband and I have been on a low carb diet for two years and I miss pasta most of all. We've tried other low carb pastas and weren't crazy about them, but we loved Fiber Gourmet. The taste is midway between white and whole wheat pasta. Unlike other low carb pastas, we didn't experience any side effects in terms of digestive issues (if you know what I mean). I can't wait to try other products from Fiber Gourmet.
Love this pasta.  Does cook up a little firm, cooked it a bit longer. Had it with pesto very good.  My husband could not tell the difference so I know it is good.  He is very fussy.
Wow ... this pasta tastes just like the real thing unlike the brands labeled as whole wheat pasta. I tried them many times and simply could not get the same pasta-eating experience.  I eat half the box at a time, which is about 4 ozs, and it's so filling I can't eat more if I wanted. It keeps me satiated all night. I don't even get the urge to snack. This is like a miracle to me.  Even my children who are the absolute pickiest eaters in the world love this pasta and will eat it in substitute for the "real" (and unhealthy) alternative. The other reviews are absolutely correct in that you should cook it 2 - 5 minutes longer than you would cook other pasta or even what the box says.  I'm not sure if Amazon will like this comment, but it is much cheaper on the Fiber Gourmet web site at about double the amount for the same price on the day I am writing this review.
I am on a low carb diet and have lost 25 pounds.  I was so tired of eating meat all the time but too nervous to splurge on pasta until I came across this product on Amazon.  I cook it a minute or two longer than the directions and top it with full fat Greek yogurt and parm cheese and one serving is so filling and yummy.  Definitely cures my cravings and am now on subscribe and save.  My hubby and son love it too!
I don't know how they do it but this product is too good to be true.  Half the calories of regular pasta!! Wow.
Great product.  Recommended by Dr. Oz.  We love pasta but not the calories.  This is much better than whole wheat.
I brought a box with me to visit my daughter and family.<br />We all enjoyedjthe fiber gourmet light penne  very much.
It is a good tasting product.It does not raise my blood sugar as much as regular pasta but you still can't eat a whole box and expect your glucose levels will be normal.
First of all, it is wonderful to have these pods delivered to my door free of charge.  On auto delivery, they are cheaper than the cheapest Senseo pods that I have found (Target/Walmart).  But check out the weight of coffee per Senseo pod vs. this particular Baronet coffee pod.  Not all Baronet pods are this weight, however, so check out the products carefully.  I guess I had better mention that the coffee flavor is great!  One order is for three boxes of these pods.
This coffee is absolutely horrendous.  I cannot believe it has any favorable reviews and agree with the other reviewer who believes positive reviews were written by employees.  I cannot stress enough how bad this coffee is.  It doesn't even taste like coffee.  The best way to describe it is a cup of chemicals.  I am really bummed I cannot returned this.  A complete waste of money.  It all went in the garbage.
These pods are so much better than the Senseo pods!  At 10 grams, these pods are packed with more coffee than the Senseo pods, making for a better, stronger, more flavorful cup of coffee.  I use these in my Melitta One-One.  Also love that each pod is individually packaged, so they stay fresh.  They come in a stand-up box dispenser which is nice too.  I can't understand the other reviewer here who didn't like the coffee - I love this decaf!  It really is the best pod I've found.  Also the value here can't be beat.  Comes 3 boxes in each order, so in each order you get 54 pods!  And Baronet has so many flavors.  Do check on the other Baronet flavors, though, because all the Baronet pods are not 10 grams, and all the pods don't come individually packaged.  Stick to the 10 gram, individually packaged pods, you won't be disappointed.  I get three different Baronet coffee pod flavors, all on auto-delivery.  Highly recommend.  Yum.
The flavor of these pods is horrid.  I ordered them only because Senseo was out of stock for so long, and I needed some decaf pods, and these had received a couple good reviews (which I now suspect were written by Baronet employees).  I have never tasted such awful coffee before. A big "YUK" for Baronet.
I am enjoying this coffee but the vanilla is a little overpowering.  The strength of the coffee itself is very good.  I can use one packet to make 2- 4 oz. cups with the Senseo coffee maker so it definitely saves me money.  Plus, it is just so easy to make coffee and clean up in the morning!
I had been using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000UBH9YE">Senseo Decaffeinated Coffee, 18-Count Pods (Pack of 6)</a> in my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0043XYLAA">Hamilton Beach Personal Cup Stay or Go POD Brewer</a>. Although the Senseo coffee is very good, I wanted some variety. This is what I found and its excellent. The vanilla flavor is rich and most importantly, leaves no after taste. I drink tall cups, 16 oz, so what I am doing is using 1 of each type. The vanilla is strong enough that it still tastes great. The Senseo decaf is a little cheaper, so I do that as a cost saving measure. I also signed up for Subscribe and Save to further reduce cost.  If you like vanilla coffee and have a pod brewer, I am confident you will love this coffee.
So many different flavors to choose from.  I ordered this brand for the first time and the taste is wonderful.  It was the only decaf french vanilla I could find.  I have decided to switch from my old brand to this one.
This by far the best pudding mix, you don't see this on the store shelves.. Everyone seems to just buy milk chocolate pudding.. and I guess most don't like to cook pudding on the stove, it is best when pudding is cooked cooked.. Instant pudding does not equal this..  Carl
We've been searching everywhere locally for this putting.  I was so elated to find it on Amazon.  This is the only pudding my mother made her chocolate pies with and now the tradition continues.  Thank you so much Amazon!!!
how come you sent me instant choc.fudge pudding...<br />the order told you to send me the COOK & SERVE choc.fudge pudding....<br />you show the picture of it....<br />why couldn't send it to me....<br />it makes me wonder if I should order anything else from you....<br />pissed
My honey has a serious sweet tooth, which I accommodate by preparing him a weekly dessert. Martha White's Muffin Mix is very convenient to prepare because it only requires one-half cup of milk, which I toss into my cuisinart; and wah-la six beautiful muffins with virtually no prep time. They are moist, delicious, and economic.
i followed the easy instructions and these turned out delicious. i ate them all. there were only 6 of them. i mixed 1/2 cup of milk into the dry mix and slowly mixed it together. i poured the mix into my sprayed cast iron 6 cup muffin pan. i cooked them in my small convection oven and they cooked up nicely. they were moist on the inside. the mixes were very fresh smelling and had a freshness date well into 2013. the pouch is a nice tough plastic one and will keep the mix fresh. it is very easy to open also.
WE LOVE LOVE LOVE these muffins. They are moist and delicious !! We like them best the day you bake them. The 2nd day they do dry out a bit but are wonderful if you pop them in the toaster oven for a few min to warm them up, then they are good as new. Our only complaint is that they are DIFFICULT to find !! BUT DEF Worth every penny !!
This was my first time purhcasing muffin mix as well as baking muffins.  To me the muffins came out a little dry, but tasted great and the people I shared them with said they were good too.  I will, more than likely, purchase Marth White Muffin Mix in the future.  The muffin mix came at an excellent price and I can't complain.<br />Thank you Amazon.com for having most everything under the sun for sale.
I tried the Martha White Turtle Fudge Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe and these are the worst cookies I have ever made. Either there is someone on the staff of Martha White who has a lopsided sense of humor OR their taste buds have taken a permanent vacation. I wasted my time, a lot of money on chocolate and pecans,and my effort.Martha White either needs to tweek this recipe or take it off the website so no other unsuspecting housewife will waste her money and time on these worthless cookies. My husband picked up one on his way through the kitchen and within two seconds he came back in and threw it in the garbage.
I brought 2 bottles.  One I carry in my pocket and the other for home.  I fell in love with this while on vacation in Belize.  Just a couple drops does the trick.  Packs a ton of flavor, but not too hot that it overpowers your food.
Good product and decent shipping. However, the price was $15.95 and I later found the same item in a local store for $6.95. What a gouge.
Not bad for a prepackaged and quickie meal. If you're looking for authentic Thai, this will give you only half the flavor, so the name that it is only a taste of Thai is quite accurate. Cartons are fancy, but big for the amount they hold. It is definitely enough for a meal, but if you're looking for a full takeout carton of food to eat, you had better grab two. It is tasty enough for a meal, but if you can get yourself to an authentic Asian supermarket, I guarantee you will find much tastier options that are also quick and easy to make with more substance and flavor and at a much lower price (ie 6 boxes of noodles for $6) - and I'm not talking about Cup O' Noodles or things you find at American supermarkets. But overall, my husband and I, being the noodle-mongers that we are, did enjoy these as something new for the palate. However, we will probably opt to order Thai takeout for fresh noodles next time we have a craving.
It's like eating a large box of paste.  I enjoy the flavor but I usually cook them and then mix with something else I'm eating as it's a no-go straight out of the box!
I simply don't like it. It is easy to prepare, but when I eat it, I feel that i am eatting a lot of artificial ingredients. I cannot even finish one fourth of it.....
Overall, this was good, but not great.  The ginger sauce seemed like it need an extra something to get it a fourth star.  I think I was expecting a little more ginger taste.  I'd buy it again, especially if I can find a good way to punch it up just a little more.  I may try that egg tip!
The Taste of Thai Coconut Ginger Noodles are really yummy! The coconut and ginger flavors are very mild.<br /><br />Each recloseable, Chinese-takeout-shaped box conveniently serves as a microwaveable container. One box makes enough for me to have 2 very filling lunches or for my whole family to share as a side dish. (The kids always lunge at the opportunity to have these!)<br /><br />The only negative thing I can say is that I wish there weren't so many separate little seasoning packets to mix in (3, plus the noodles); a single combined spice packet would be easier. (Of course, one benefit of multiple packets is the ability to leave out a certain spice if you're not fond of it, but I like them all!)
We enjoy A Taste of Tai's Peanut Noodles... they rock.  That peanutty flavor...mmm... so we decided to try these... um, Ginger, not so much. Nothing really distinguishes these from any other noodle flavor, and the ginger is a bit overpowering.<br /><br />Take this review in stride though, if you're a Ginger lover (and I'm not talking Gilligan's Island here), then these may be right up your alley.  Just a bit outside for me, though (if I may mix my metaphors).
Provided you use clean (preferably purified) water to cook this, it can be a great tasting hold over to a main meal. Far superior to most instant noodle packages out there and for the most part, gluten and meat free (except for the shrimp flavor).<br /><br />While some people have remarked on the "over-sized" packaging, this actually allows for a good and thorough mixing of the flavor packets and noodles with little chance of spillage.<br /><br />While the coconut ginger variety tastes good, it may be a bit too subtle for those looking for an actual "taste of THAI." I'd recommend the Thai Peanut noodles for those seeking something with a bit more of a pronounced Thai flavor and highly recommend The A Taste Of Thai Peanut Salad Dressing (added to salads, meats or the Peanut Noodles) for a very spicy Thai experience.<br /><br />Overall for the taste and quantity, the subscribe and save offer provides the best deal. Comparatively speaking in terms of price, Wal-Mart offers most of these noodles a few cents cheaper (compared to the subscription price) but do not seem to carry the Coconut Ginger Variety. At least not at the store near me.<br /><br />If you haven't tried this brand of instant noodles yet, I think you'll be in for a treat.
I really like this soup.  It is mild and I don't like anything that is to hot.  IT is just right.  Has a good flavor and is something I can take to work and pop in the microwave. I would buy it again and again.
This is quick, easy and portable, and I think it tastes great! It's my favorite flavor.
I bought these at walmart for less then $2.00 dollars a box.There over  $2.80 a box @Amazon for (box of six).Then you need to add another $7.00 dollars to your order to get free shipping ....I would not buy these again could be better if you added chicken or an egg like other reviewers mentioned. My box does say gluten free so maybe there are 2 versions.
A year or so ago, I use to buy these quite often because they were gluten-free.  Last month I decided to order some again and this product no longer says "gluten-free" on the packaging and contains wheat.  I didn't want them to go to waste, so I ate one anyway.  I became very sick.  I do enjoy this product but will not be purchasing again because of the wheat.  Just a warning for those of you who also have issues with wheat/gluten.
Thanks for the egg tip, it works very well and really helps this product.  Nevertheless, I ended up giving away three of the six containers because I was not thrilled with the nutritional information.
It's very tasty and very easy to make.  If you're in need of a very quick, filling meal and it needs to be gluten free, this works out great.  Try the Thai Peanut one, too.
We ordered a pack of these and ate through them very quickly! My husband and I both like taking them to work for lunch. Here's my recipe, so that I get more protein: I slip a fresh unbroken egg into the box before I leave home in the morning, then I add the egg to the water before I cook it at lunchtime.
Very tasty gluten-free option.  My kids loved it as it wasn't too spicy.
The Thai Coconut Ginger Noodles are quick and easy to prepare. You will be rewarded with delicious noodles to enjoy by yourself or share as a side dish with another noodle enjoyer.
I liked this so much that I re-ordered and will keep<br /><br />re-ordering.
I had recently tried a similar product from Trader Joe's and, not having a TJ's around me presently, I decided to try this more readily-available variation.  I didn't really like this thing too much.  For starters, there is too much packaging for my liking.  Too many things to throw away.  And I agree with a previous reviewer that they're kind of big cartons for how much they hold.  Inside the container are 4 packages - one for noodles, and three for various seasonings.  Then you have to add water.  They give you a fill line, but it's kind of awkward.  Then microwave for 3 minutes.  Then stir, then microwave again for one minute.  The one from Trader Joe's only has two packets - one for noodles, one for sauce - and no water involved.  Just microwave for 2 minutes and you're done.  And those are a lot tastier.  I didn't like the texture of this thing (everything clumped together too much) and it really didn't have much taste, especially considering the three different packets of seasoning I put in.  Time to try a couple of the other brands of these things...
I bought these for my son to take to work for lunch. Apparently his co-workers found the smell so offensive they asked him not to eat it at work again. Maybe it was a bad batch...
I don't plan on reordering it, but it was definitely edible and filling since I added chicken.
I tried these as I love Thai food, ginger and coconut. That was my problem, as this mess does not even vaguely resemble Thai food and has no discernible ginger or coconut taste. Plus, the noodles stick together, even when prepared as suggested, and come out in a big clump when you try to eat them.<br /><br />Also, the nutrition label is misleading. I am dieting and read labels very carefully. This says a serving is one cup and also says one package weighs 4oz (half a cup). I figured, as it did not say otherwise and as this type of meal is usually one serving, that after adding water there would be one serving per package. Not so, one package is actually two servings, or over 500 calories. This is far more than any other pre-packaged noodle meal I have seen.<br /><br />The excessive calorie content might have been OK had the product tasted good, but it doesn't. I would definitely recommend you stay away from this mess.
This is a great and delicious way to eat Thia food at home.  Just "melt" the entire packet (if you like it spicy) into two cans of coconut milk in a pan.  Then add your favorite meat and veggies.  I usually use chicken strips and a bag of frozen asian veggies.
While the restaurants always do it best, these curry pastes are pretty tasty. It's easy to use,  fast, and you can add the meat and veggies of your choice. For those of you scared of something spicy, you might use a little less, but for most, it's just right, and for those that like it spicier, you can add a little crushed red pepper. Since the coconut milk has to be added separately, you can also control the fat content--you can go light or go with the much yummier, creamy stuff. I find the green curry is a little sweeter than the red and panang curries, and is maybe a little less spicy.
Much hotter than your normal green curry. One pack makes many servings.
Used to use another brand (that changed), in a jar, but this is so much better! Has a very pleasing hot spicy taste with a hint of lemon/lime and a good amount of heat. It is a little too salty though, if you like to use a fair amount to "spice it up". We wish it had a lower sodium content. While, made from scratch with fresh ingredients is always better; this is the next best thing! Really good with chicken, beef, pork, tofu and veggie dishes. Quick and easy to make good-for-you meals. We don't like the packaging and wish it were in a jar, but other than that and the sodium content, we like it. Will buy again!
Second order.  Very good, hot which I like but best to sample as per your preferences.
I was really impressed with this.  There are many flavors, and quite a bit of heat.  With this and your favorite brand of cocunut milk you can make some great Thai curries at home.
Different flavors for different people.  Not everyone is going to like this just as others, like me, will love this coffee.<br /><br />It's totally subjective.<br /><br />I give it 5 stars.  I enjoy this coffee a lot and the price is very reasonable, in my opinion.  It matches my local big box grocery store.
I was at a 5 star hotel and was served this tea during a meeting.  It was fantastic.  I asked the server if they could get me the name of the company, but they were unable.  Thank goodness for Amazon I was able to find it.  It's the best I have had in many years.  It arrived on time and very securely packed.
I totally love this tea.  It brews to a beautiful reddish color.  It is very aromatic and beautiful to look at.  It could be potpourri.  I love the sachets it comes in - very elegant.  I just bought my third canister of it this morning.  I have everyone at my office and my friends loving it, too!  Best with honey pearls also sold by White Lion Tea.  And it's organic!
This stuff rocks!!! I've had it at two different spas and I just love it. It's tart and really unusual. A real treat.
This is my husband's new favorite tea! I'm not huge on hibiscus but this does taste good. I'm sure we'll be buying more.
Nice tea. I can steep up too 3 times. It has a strong cranberry flavor. Probably would be good as a cold tea. I recommend if you LOVE cranberry.
I found this tea 5 years ago, while staying at a Spa Resort in Washington.<br /><br />I absolutely love it! It's herbal, and helps me to relax with its very flavorful taste and color. Great for colds, as well as clearing the sinus. Soothing, beautiful, and delicious!<br /><br />I have ordered this tea every year, from Amazon.com, because the price is amazing, and well worth it. Likewise, I've given it to others as a gift, when I can afford to.<br /><br />This tea is wonderful with honey, sugar, sweetener, or just by itself! A must purchase for every household. Also great for on-the-road, for tea drinkers.
Love it, love it, love it!  Both me and my 10 year old drink this herbal tea quite often.  Very tasty!
This is very good tea in an elegant sachet. A little pricier than some but produces a wonderful flavor whether you're drinking it hot or cold.
Found this product for sale on vacation in North Carolina and loved it... great maple flavor!! Walmart sold it for 3.99$ for the 24oz pack. Wish i would have bought some more while I was there because i'm not paying 15$ for what Walmart can sell for 4$. That is just robbery... very disappointed in @#@zon for their insanely high price... If price was reasonable would love to buy more and rate much higher!!
I had high hopes when I ordered this tea, as years ago in San Francisco I used to buy a lovely rose black in Chinatown which was my favorite tea ever. Unfortunately, this blend lacks body and is very high in caffeine. I prefer the opposite, a full-bodied tea I can brew strong without sending my blood pressure through the roof.  But for someone who wants a light tasting tea with a powerful caffeine punch, this might be a good choice.
My doggie really likes Newman's Organic better than some other dog foods pet and big-box stores sell. My budget doesn't like Newman's Organic as much as Harmony Farms. It's the compromise that keeps the doggie AND my budget happy.  Because he eats it heartily, I don't worry that he's getting enough high quality food.  Otherwise he won't eat his food and he'll graze in the trash seeking egg shells and bones to fill the void.<br /><br />There's no barfing, digestion problems or accidents. High Quality food means good digestion, a shiny coat, high energy, bright eyes and a good attitude WITHOUT tons of additional elixers, treats or vet bills. A definite cost effective WIN:WIN for doggie AND me.<br /><br />I've had great results with Newman's Dog Food that I orderd through Amazon BUT there's 5 pounds LESS for about the same price.<br /><br />Psst I'm not an organic fanatic, it's the nutritional value that counts for my fur baby and human kids!<br /><br />Update 3/26/2011: Noticed this has jumped to almost THIRTY BUCKS, will opt for Newman's Organic when the costs per pound are the same...my dog likes BOTH Harmony and Newman, my budget likes the one most cost effective at the time of purchase :)<br /><br />Update 5/17/2012: Last batch Of Harmony Farms I ordered had a rancid oil smell when I opened the bag and the pooch wouldn't eat it as readily as he has in the past. He wouldn't eat for a day and started checking out the trash. I subsequently purchased some canned and pouch foods, cooked brown rice etc as mix-ins to "encourage" him to make it through this pricey bag. Not sure how this is stored before it arrives to my home, BUT the Texas heat can make anything stale/rancid/yucky quickly. I probably should have called Customer Service but felt the replacement would have the same issue due to the HOT weather here. Definitely exploring hot weather alternatives.
A few years back, prompted by the death of one of our dogs due to an inoperable brain tumor, I switched my dogs to foods without corn.  I was convinced, right or wrong, that my animal died needlessly because of an over usage of steriods prescribed to cure her constant ear infections.  I believe, again right or wrong, that the recurring ear infections were caused by an allergy to corn...which turned out to be the main ingredient in her food!  Sorry, I'll get off my soapbox and address the issue at hand...I found this food by accident.  The only type the store had was the weight loss formula.  Turns out my dogs love it!  I haven't seen them so spunky and full of energy.  I've got a coon hound and two jack russells (mine are not the "bounce off the wall kind", mine are mellow, laid back kinda dudes!)  They gobble this stuff up and seem to stay full...no more begging in the kitchen than normal! Everyone's skin seems smoother, eyes are brighter, heck, I think I'll go have a bowl!  All I can say, is if you are looking for a good quality dog food, this is the one for you.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
I have a 2 year old Portuguese Water Dog who always seemed to have a sensitive stomach, and a 15 year old Shepherd X dog who was beginning to lose weight, she slept almost all the time, and she was getting very fussy about what she'd eat. (I believe that with a dogs sense of smell they KNOW exactly what is in their food; however they have no choice but to eat what we feed them...just Google what is in most commercial dog foods, and you'll see why your dog may not be thrilled to eat it up...if a dog can detect cancer in a person, they can detect all sorts of other things that aren't supposed to be eaten.) Anyway...I used to feed Purina lamb and rice to my dogs, but I was finding my young Porty was having trouble with it, and my 15 yr old would eat a few bits and then leave her dish. So, I started making their food, and came up with a wonderfully nutritious and tasty recipe. The dogs loved my homemade dog food, and my 15 yr old began putting on weight again, but I didn't always have time to make their food. And, homemade dog food is kind of hard on the wallet. So, I started to research all the natural dog foods out there, compare costs etc. I arrived on Harmony Farms, and guess what...my dogs LOVE it just as much as they love my home made dog food. My young Porty no longer has stomach troubles and she looks great; my 15 yr old finishes her meals and looks for more. Both have shiny coats and energy. No one can believe my old girl is 15 years old. I have told my friends about Harmony Farms dog food, and when they've switched over, they've reported similar positive results. My brother-in-law's dog had always been a very fussy eater, and had skin problems with a thinning coat. When they started to feed her Harmony Farms, she became an eager eater, more happy and outgoing, and her skin and coat condition has completely cleared up (...I'm thinking she had an allergy to whatever was in her other food, which I think was Iams). Other friends have commented on how happy their dogs are at meal time now...and they had all been feeding their dogs premium, top of the line dogs foods AND paying top of the line prices. Harmony Farms products are very reasonably priced. Not the cheapest dog food on the shelf, but, in my opinion, you are buying the best quality food on the market, so it's an incredibly GOOD DEAL! It may also mean you make fewer trips to the veterinarian's office. I and my friends are so happy we have found this food for our dogs. :)
My co-worker that does animal rescue brought in a 'Whole Dog Journal' recently and I was astounded at the feature article for that month which covered dog foods, I had been feeding my dog Beneful which is basically just junk food.  I switched her off immediately, hunted around on Amazon to find an all natural food and this fit the bill, shipping was free which was awesome and my dog LOVES the food, I worried about that b/c I've switched her before and she's been uninterested and I've had to top with gravy, etc.<br /><br />Do your research, it will blow your mind what your pets are eating in regular grocery store dog food, it's typically a high ratio of corn which is a filler.  If you want your pet to live a long and healthy life what they're ingesting should be high up on your list.  I'm glad to have the knowledge now and I really wish I'd looked more into this with my two other dogs years and years ago.
No more heavy grocery bags for me -- I've just ordered my first bag of Harmony Farms dog food -- and it was delivered to my door by UPS.  The food is excellent quality -- I bought this product based on its healthy ingredients; the dogs love it and I love Amazon for making it so easy to buy!<br /><br />July 2010 - one of my dogs has had bouts of inflammatory bowel disease:  previously she had to have special food from my vet (Royal Canaan Duck & Potato for the past 4+years) -- She has tolerated, even thrived on, the Harmony Farms food w/o any problems. Each bag of Harmony Farms is about $20 cheaper than the Royal Canaan.  Hard to fight.  I am a believer.<br /><br />The canned food is great, too.<br /><br />September 2011 -- my dog who has had inflammatory bowel disease in the past (verified by surgery) has never felt better -- she is a wire and has the energy of a 2 yr old dog (she is 7); she is not on any daily medication.  This HEALTHY WEIGHT FORMULA has helped her to thrive.  Enough protein, not too much fat seem to do the trick. I highly recommend it.
I was giving my shihtzu the Fromm Adult Gold dog food. She didn't seem to want to eat it though so I thought I would try something different. I found the Harmony Farms and thought I'd give it a try. She actually liked it. It's cheaper then the other food and it seemed to contain really healthy ingredients. I couldn't believe how she gobbled this up. BUT after having her on this for a week she developed a rash on her stomach. Took her off and the rash went away completely in 2 days. Her hair also wasn't as soft. This kibble did not do well for her.
I was using Castor and Pollux from Amazon for my dog and I decided to try something different.  My dog dug into this dog food right away!  It has helped to maintain her rough coat so that it is softer and smoother.  And this food really helps keep her weight at a healthy level.<br /><br />I catch my cat sneaking over to my dog's food bowl and eating this food, too.  I have to look into getting her some Harmony Farms!  I can do this because Harmony Farms is really good quality food that is affordable.
I just ordered this, came today and thought I would just try it, well to my amazement,My little Daisy ate it and wanted more.My little Dog is just 8 yrs but has trouble with Flare-ups with her pancreas, I have to avoid fats and corn with her and she needs more fiber. I have been making her dog food ,but she missed eating the dry,I wondered if it was small enough for her to chew , but it was.
Had been feeding my 3 hounds Purina One (which they liked) and thought I'd try this since it's not much more and I liked the ingredients. They LOVE it and I plan to order more in the future!
Everyone should know this is a healthier dog food than walmart brands, like purina, iams, or god forbid moist & meaty. Ingredients like ground flax seed, peas, whole carrots, whole sweet potatoes, apples, blueberries and probiotics and the lack of sweeteners, by-products, and low-quality corn show this to be true.<br /><br />I just did a taste test with this harmonic farms and my dogs old iams ProActive Health and decided to make the results known. I let him smell both thoroughly without letting him eat at first, and placed the two piles a bit apart. He immediately went for the harmonic farms, finished it and didn't even look at the iams before coming back to me wagging his tail hoping for more.<br /><br />Dogadvisor.com made me aware of my past mistakes in dog food choices and I was hoping to god he would not shy away from the healthy organic stuff like I do. To my great welcome surprise, he didn't! I guess he's a hippie at heart. I on the other hand, will take my nachos bell grande.
Our ten year old doxie...Annie NEVER, that's right, NEVER would eat ANY dry food UNTIL....Harmony Farms Healthy & Holistic Chicken & Brown Rice Adult Dog Food that we bought from you! Every day we are in shock when she finishes each and every nugget of this dry dog food! Amazon...you are truly amazing and we are so grateful that we bought this 17.5 pound bag of Harmony Farms Dog food from you...we'll be ordering again and again from you as soon as we head towards the end of the current bag.  Wow! So happy about this...
Harmony Farms produces EXCELLENT dog food products!  Our 8 month soft-coated wheaten terrier is sensitive to gluten, corn meal and other products generally found in the popular  brands.  We were preparing to take him to the vet at about 4 months old b/c he had great difficulty eliminating -- to the point of whining as he would attempt to go.  After more research on the breed we purchased Harmony Farms at a local store -- it was expensive but quickly resolved our puppy's digestive issues.  After 5-8 days on only Harmony Farms products our puppy was happy and healthy!<br /><br />I was so happy to find Harmony Farms on Amazon!  It is more economical AND delivered right to our door.  Our puppy, Connor, eats only Harmony Farms dog food and treats and is a much happier puppy now. Definitely recommend it for soft-coated wheaten terriers and other breeds that have difficulty digesting the popular brands.
Wish I would have known a long time ago what a difference this dog food makes. My 6 year old Jack Russell has always had the worst shedding problem and I recently read that excessive is a sign of poor nutrition (was feeding her P*urina dog chow). She's only been on this dog food for two weeks and I can noticeably tell a difference in the shedding! She loves the taste and I love the price for such a good quality dog food.
When I purchased the Harmony Farms Healthy Weight Formula, I had a Mini Dachshund and Jack Russel Terrier.  Both of them love it.  I have added a Shih Tzu to my pack and she loves it, also.  I would highly recommend it to others.  The kibble is just the right size for small dogs.
The main ingredients in this dog food are so much better than the ingredients in the common grocery store brands, and it tends to be less expensive than specialty brands.  My dog's coat looks shiny and he seems much healthier since we switched to this food about a year ago.  The other nice thing is that Target sells this brand, so if you ever find yourself at the end of the bag and you haven't ordered more in time, you can stop by Target.
I am very pleased with this dog food. My sheltie has a good coat and good movements with Harmony Farms. Does much better with this food than others. He is a very picky eater, so I do add chicken and he will eat. We will stick with Harmony Farms. I also like the bag, it helps keep the food fresh.
My dog loves this food, and she has maintained her healthy weight for many years.  The vet is very happy with her general health, coat, and teeth.  Having the 16lb bag sent directly to my home without any shipping charges is terrific!  The 16 lb. size is not available in my area.
While on a family camping trip with Josh our 8yr old Golden, we ran out of dog food. Stopped at a Wegman's market in Erie PA to shop for a quality food. Settled on the Harmony Farm's chicken. Josh liked it right away.<br />We've been mixing it with his normal food (Canidae).<br />He's very healthy and playful, his coat is shiny. He's a happy pup.
My dog loves, loves  this dog food.I had to say love twice, because this dog food is one of his dog's favorite.
I have purchased this product once before from Amazon.  It was delivered promptly and in tact.  This is the only food our dog will eat and we used to purchase it at PetSmart in New York but in Arizona, it is no where to be found.  This food is holistic and has no unnatural products at all.  We try to give our dog good quality dog food and this was it.  So now we go through Amazon and our dog is quite happy.  Bought a double amount to receive free shipping.  It was a very good deal.
I have a nearly 1 year old golden retriever/standard poodle mix, and a 6 year old german shepherd. The doodle gets the chicken and  brown rice (just switched her a few weeks ago from Nutro Max) and the shepherd gets the healthy weight. I have tried several different foods for the doodle, and many of them caused problems like diarrhea and stinky, stinky farts. With this, while switching from the Nutro Max, she had none of those problems. In fact, I only took 5 days to switch her instead of 2 or so weeks, and she didn't have any digestive problems. Both dogs seem to like it and it is definitely cost effective... several dollars cheaper at my local Wegman's and there are always coupons in the paper. This is a very high quality food for the price, and I like that it's available at the grocery store as I live in a small town. I highly recommend this food and hope to feed it exclusively for as long as my doggies shall live!
My dogs have been eating this brand for a few years now and having found it available through Amazon I am able to save money per pound and trips to the store. It arrives promptly and is the same quality as always. Harmony Farms is much easier to digest and healthier than most commercial foods. LOVE IT!
I purchased this because of the good reviews and the great ingredients. No doubt about the quality of the food and my 5 month old dachuhund puppy loves it. But I realized this doesn't have DHA that helps to develop cognitive brain function. Also the kibble might be little big for a puppy. So I believe it's a great food for an adult dog, but I wouldn't recommend it for a puppy.
This dog food satisfies both of my dogs and they have had no digestion problems or skin issues , as they have had with other brands.  They both have maintained healthy weights and glossy coats on this food. I have been very pleased with the automated delivery service.
Since I live in a rural area sometimes I'd drive to town just for dog food...needless to say that was expensive.  For $26 w/free-shipping the Harmony Farms is cheaper than the purchasing the lower quality "name-brands" - my dog likes the food and his skin is not as dry & flaky. I love getting it shipped directly and that my dog is eating something healthy.  Very thankful it's something I can afford as well.  Only wish Amazon offered a 'subscription service' for this item like they do on others.
I am always pleased with the variety of shopping items, that I find on Amazon.com.<br />I have never been disatified with my purchases through Amazon.com.<br />When searchomg for things, even dog food, I automatically go to Amazon.com<br />before any other site. Rarely do I chose another site.  Amazon.com<br />really rocks.  Thanks for being there!<br />J.Meadows, Syracuse, NY
I just switched my 11 and a half year old Boxer to this food and it is awesome! She switched over no problems with no weaning off her old food. It has cut her gas down and has been so easy on her stomach. It also tastes so good to her that she will eat it without wet food mixed in. I wish I had found this food 11 years ago. It is great and we will switch our Boxer puppy to it when it is time. Also...very affordable:)
In my opinion, this is the best food for dogs.  My boyfriend is an avid researcher, and he concluded this is the bet food for dogs on all accounts - taste (the dogs love it), health-wise (it has healthy fats, and the first and main ingredient is meat as opposed to ingredients such as corn) and digestion-wise (the dogs get diarrhea when they eat human food or any other dog food).  We have two dogs we adopted from a shelter, and while at first, one of our dogs would not eat the food (he had worms though, so who knows what junk he was eating before), he soon began to understand that is what we were going to feed him and very soon, he came to love it.  Now they jump when it's dinner time!  Our dogs are happy, very healthy, have shiny coats, and a large part of this is due to this fantastic dog food.  We get it on Subscribe and Save and we usually go through 1 bag p/ month - for reference, we have one 15lb Bichon and one Alaskan husky.
I have 2 husky/shepherd mixes. The first is 13 months and has a finicky stomach - if he eats too fast, drinks too fast, or eats anything out of his routine, he would bring it back up. He also wouldn't eat more than a few nibbles at a time. The 2nd is 7 months old and came to us with severe diarrhea (vet's food didn't fix it either). He would eat anything and everything if we let him. Within a day of both dogs being on Harmony Farms (No fasting, just a quick switch), both dogs digestive issues are gone. My oldest (the finicky eater) is healthily eating his meals without pause or hesitation. My youngest has solid, regular bathroom breaks and has been able to relax his water intake as a result. They're both more relaxed.<br />We purchase at our local grocery store (Hannaford here in NY) for about $1.31/lb. For the price, ingredients, and results - you can't beat it.
I read the reviews on this and thought id get some for my dog and pup.<br />They will not touch it. Even if I mix it with home cooked food.<br /><br />They like the dollar store dog food better than this.<br /><br />Amazon let me down on even allowing this dog food to be sold under their name.
These chips are wonderful.  My kids and I all loved the salt and pepper.<br />Each .8 oz bag was 100 calories, lots of chips for the calorie count.
Great packaging, and item is just as described. Will purchase this item again. They were shipped very fast, and efficient.
Just to give a little background - I ordered these because they were a great deal for a box of single serving chips and I thought I would give them a try.  The variety of flavors in this package was great and I enjoy most of them.  These chips leave a lot less mess than your average bags of potato chips and there are very few crumbs in the bag.  It is apparent these are not prepared like normal chips and the result is a differently textured chip.  It will be a personal taste as to whether or not you will like the taste and texture, but, I would highly recommend trying these out.
Got this item on a one-day-only sale on Amazon.  Love having the single-serving portion as I am following WW plan.  Only 3 points plus per serving.  Tasty and on the same line as the Special K crackers.  The variety is nice to have and the box will last for awhile.  Cheddar and BBQ are my favorites.  Try them...
I discovered Pop Chips awhile back and fell in love with the BBQ flavor- whole lotta flavor and satisfying snack or chip alternative. Hubby is a teacher, so he gets lunches made most days with healthier and tastier options than what is offered at school.<br /><br />Since I mix up his sandwiches offerings from week to week, I thought the variety pack would be different for him. He gets his crunchy fun and doesn't realize the Pop Chips aren't as bad for you than the reduced fat kettle chips he was getting. Score! Plain are fine, vinegar pack a tart punch and he really likes the salt and pepper flavor. Single serve size does leave you wanting more if consuming solo, but gives a good amount when enjoying with a sandwich.
I really liked these chips as did my entire family. I wish you could pick and choose the flavors in the variety pack. I would love to try the sweet potato and chili lime and leave the salt and pepper behind.
These popchips were something I wanted to try because they were baked. The barbeque ones were okay but the rest of them were terrible.
I like these Pop Chips a lot, but not all the flavors.  This variety pack makes a good sampler of the various flavors and then you can purchase the flavors you like.  These chips have strong flavor and are not greasy.  They are fairly filling and make a great snack.  They're pretty noisy (like most chips) so don't take 'em to the local theater!<br /><br />These came well packed and they are in stay fresh packaging.  I can attest that they do keep well for a pretty long time as I found a bag that had gotten pushed behind some other things, and after several months it still tasted fine.  ;)<br /><br />These are a pretty good size for a quick snack.  Quality has been consistent over several different batches.  I really like the texture and crunch, and love the lack of greasiness.
These tastes good. If it's not fried, not bad for you, and tastes good, then why not eat them? Of course, not a lot at once, but these are great healthier snacks.
I bought two bags of PopChips at Whole Foods (Original and Barbeque)and loved them.  When I went to Amazon to order lots more, I liked the idea of single serving bags rather than the larger ones, which I'd consume too quickly.  I knew I was taking a risk but when the order came, I really disliked about half of the flavors in the assortment.  In addition, only the Original and Barbeque nutritional values calculated at 2 pts; the others were all 3.  I still like PopChips but will only buy bags of the flavors I know I will enjoy eating and not have to choke down.  I recommend that you try a bag of each flavor before you spring for a volume order.
I had only tried the barbeque and sea salt and vinegar flavors that were available at my local Target in 3oz. bags.  I am so glad that I bought this variety pack! Not only did I discover other flavors that I enjoy, but it's single serving size so it's better for portion control.  I love popchips, and I find them way more satisfying than ordinary potato chips!
I like these chips a lot! Now i have a whole 24 pack ! this is how i get my chips on while i Fish!
A while ago I got a bag of the BBQ at a store to go with my lunch and I loved these so when I was searching amazon and found these on subscribe and save I knew that this was something that I had to have for my lunches. I love the fact you get all the different flavors and as of yet I have not found a flavor I did not like. Being from England I am very picky about my flavors of chips or crisps as I would call them as there seems to be such limited flavors but this box gives me flavors I can't complain. I also love the fact that 5% fat is the fat content which just makes them an even better snack. My only issue now is that I have to fight my husband and son over them because they love them just as much as I do. I have now had to go to a box a month but even then I am not sure I can have enough for the month with the three of us eating them every chance we can.
Good flavorful chips - too bad the selection does not include jalape&ntilde;o or paramsan garlic. Packaging is difficult to open, but they fresh.
These are a great alternative to traditional greasy potato chips.  Great for people that are dieting but still craving a salty, crunchy snack.  They are light and crunchy and they taste really good. I was afraid they were going to be like the rice cakes and soy chips but they really taste good.  The original flavor reminds me a lot of the Munchos chips.  The original flavor and salt/vinegar are my favorite but they are all good.  My least favorite is the cheddar just because it is an overwhelming cheddar flavor (I don't like cheddar) but most people really like it. I have purchased these several times now and I will continue to do so.  I  highly recommend this product for anyone!
For all of you potato chips lovers who are trying to eat healthy, these chips are a great alternative!  No they are not like fried, but the flavor along with the calorie/fat benefits make this a great choice! I liked having the variety pack for the opportunity to see which flavors I would like. As it turns out, I like them all! But I do have my favorites (like BBQ, salt & vinegar, and plain) so being able to buy them singlularly is an added plus.  I have already placed two orders since my initial purchase!
I got these for my gf as she isn't supposed to eat any gluten.  All of the flavors taste great and they seem to be much healthier than regular potato chips.  If you are looking for a gluten-free snack, I highly recommend Popchips!
I like all the varieties except the salt and pepper.  They taste too much like black pepper and nothing else.  The others are very goodl<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack, 0.8-Ounce Single Serve Bags (Pack of 24)</a>
The products are wonderful and fresh!!  Everything reported about the chips is on target, and I would recommend them to others.  Amazon's services are fantastic!!
I really enjoy these low calorie chips.  They have a good flavor with a good crunch and are crisp.<br /><br />I was wondering if when ordering a case of these chips one could order their favorites and not the whole 6 flavors?  Say just 2 flavors if desired??<br /><br />Its a great product. don't stop manufacturing them.
These are really good tasting chips, they aren't too unhealthy so you can eat a fair amount. Love the flavoring.
I have been trying to find healthy snacks that taste good and boy have I found a great choice in PopChips!  These are a great healthier alternative for regular potato chips.  I love Special K cracker chips, but they only come in big bags.  I saw these and they are packaged the way I like (individual serving bags), so I gave them a try.  Now, I will never be without them!  They are sooooo good and there are a lot of chips in each bag.  Finally a good-tasting, healthier potato chip that I can enjoy!
I wasn't sure about these chips, but thought I would give them a try. These are tasty, crispy chips - and only 100 calories a bag! I like all the flavors included in the variety pack. I definitely will buy again.
These chips are very tasty,  Its a nice size serving and only 100 calories.  Good grab and go snack for busy Moms
I agree with many of these reviews.  The product tastes good - not fantastic but good.  I don't like real, greasy potato chips and prefer Baked Lays.  However if you do enjoy real, greasy potato chips, please see the review referencing Pringles and Steven Baldwin.  very funny.<br />Do buy these if you like an ocassional salty snack but don't want to devour a large bag of fat-filled chips.  Don't buy these if you are looking for a healthy alternative to chips - eat a banana or apple instead (and not those apple chips or banana chips because they are high in sugar).<br />If you do get the big box - just put it some place inconvenient like the basement where you will have to exert some energy in order to get them - and if you do, BONUS! you just exerted energy and maybe earned a chip or two.
The PopChips were great and they were fresh when they arrived. For the price, I wish there were more bags of chips for my bucks.
Aboulutely love Popchips!I first tried these healthy chips at a marathon i did in California. I like this variety pack because i got to try alot of the flavors ive never had.
This product was everything and more according to the advertisement.  I was totally satisfied with my purchase.  I recommend to everyone to purchase these chips from this site.
Popchips is a new product for me--ordered after seeing an ad in Weight Watchers magazine.  Loved the product.  Packing was perfect.  Shipping went fine.  No complaints with this order at all.  Probably will order again soon!
I have to watch my calories, but I tend to not be very successful if the food I eat is tasteless.  I have enjoyed all six flavors of these Popchips and feel great eating them at 100 calories per bag.  My favorites are Sour Cream & Onion and the Sea Salt and Vinegar flavors.  In fact, they're so good I just want to keep eating them; and have to resist opening a second bag, because that really defeats the purpose!  I like the variety pack and it's not a bad value.
The product is exactly what it is portrayed to be. Tasty (not yummy) but good. I received the product promptly. I ordered 2 cases and will eat every package.
I love these chips, they taste so good I am on a low cal diet and they are perfect. The individual bags keep you honest. Thank you PopChips
These are delicious.  My husband and I just love them.  Especially the BBQ and Salt and Vinegar flavors.  I like the individual packages.  It's a wonderful bargain when you get free shipping!
I'm a crunchaholic! I have to have something during the day to crunch! All other chips are so high in fat or sodium that it makes it very difficult to be eating healthy and still get my crunch on. PopChips is the answer and the individual bags are a great way to control your calories too! I highly recommend them all, but the salt and pepper are my least favorite!
These are the best snacks for me as I am a lap band patient.  They fill u up just enough and the small bags are perfect size
Yum! I had tried the original and the Bar-b-q and really liked them so decided to get the variety pack. For whatever reason the 24 pack is cheaper then the 12. The flavored ones do contain a yeast extract which is similar to MSG and gave my grandmother a bad headache. So if you know anyone that has a sensitivity to MSG, do not give them these.  These are tasty and a nice substitute for a greasy potato chip but they are not filling. You are better off eating a granola bar.
A dream for those on Weight Watchers who love potato chips. The individual serving bags of Pop Chips are only 3 points and taste delicious.
These are a Great size and healthy.  They satisfy the craving for something crisp and are reasonable calorie wise.
These chips are GREAT substitute for the usual high calorie ones offered!  I keep them on hand to aid in my weight loss venture.
I bought these and tried each flavor. I could not even finish any bag but the barbecue. I really liked the barbecue but all the other flavors were gross. And the texture is really like fingernails on a chalk board to me. HOw is this the #1 best-selling item? Amazed. Anywho to each his own! Godbless and enjoy. But if you are like me and enjoy barbecue just get the barbecue kind!
I can't believe these are actually decent for you.  They taste awesome!  I love these chips, they have great crunch and a great amount of flavor.  I am addicted to these and so is my boyfriend (who hates anything that's healthy).  I recommend these to all my friends.  I'm on the auto refill program but keep having to reorder early since my bf keeps eating them all.
I am on weight watchers and these chips are only 3 points and they taste GREAT.  I like every kind,  I use the plain chips to dip with my salsa.  I would recomend these chips to everyone weight watchers or not.
This is a great product. I was a chip-a-holic and knew I needed to cut back on them. Then I was introduced to pop-chips.I have found my alternative. These chips are great! Low in fats but high in flavor. I purchsed a mixed case with multiple flavors and was not disappointed with any of them. Consider this product for your alternative to the high fat chips available everywhere. I am sure these will catch on and become a big hit.
Saw these in Whole Foods and thought they looked interesting. Didn't care for them instantly, but by the time the first bag as gone (I have a husband and kids), I was hooked. Wanted to try other flavors and this is a great way to do it. Personally, I like the plain and also the salt/pepper. My kids love all of them though and, while these aren't fruit/veggies, I feel better about giving these to them as opposed to standard chips.
We received our assorted single serve packs today. This is the first time we ordered Popchips. They taste so good. We are already down by 5 packets between adults and kids.<br />Please bear in mind that these chips will in no way compete with "regular" fried potato chips. The low calories per bag is very much a part of why they deserve 5 stars. I'm sure we will be ordering more. Yay to finding a new healthier snack alternative.
I wa hesitant about ordering this product simply because I never ordered snacks of the internet,  so after finally decided to order it. It arrived within 3 days! the flavor is awesome! just like what I hoped for! if you like health food or like potato chips but hate thinking about how oily they are after eating them then this product is for you! if you are happy with the regular potato chips and doesn't care about the the oil and calories then stay where you are! those chips have so much flavor! they kinda remind me of rice crackers but with flavor! I have lived in the U.K. for a while and one thing I have always missed is the crisps that I used to eat in U.K. those popchips reminded me of the taste of the crisps! I will be order those again!
I am a huge fan of Pop Chips. They had them at my grocery store, but their supply was dwindling, so I was afraid they weren't planning to order more. I purchased two cases (48 individual bags) of Pop Chips. They are all excellent. Purchasing them in the Variety Pack gave me access to flavors they didn't have at the grocery store (salt and vinegar, cheddar, salt and pepper). I've enjoyed all the flavors! (Barbecue is still my favorite, though.) I also got a better deal buying them online.
I have this on a monthly reoccurring purchase making the per unit price even lower that list.  That being said, Pop Chips are very tasty and the variety pack comes with 6 different flavors.<br /><br />My favorite flavors are Salt & Vinegar by far.<br /><br />The calorie count makes this snack a very guilt free affair!
Definitely better than Pirate Booty and slightly better than Baked chips. Very tasty but you feel as if you're almost eat something with the same texture as cereal. It's a small payoff to enjoy chips (albeit faux chips). The Vinegar and S/P ones are NASTY!
I bought the 6-flavor variety pack.  They are pretty good... nice thing is that I'm not 100% sure if I'm crazy about the texture so by the end of an 0.8 oz bag I don't really want anymore.  However in my quest for different snack foods I found the "Food Should Taste Good" line of cracker chips.  My money will be spent on those rather than pop chips.  However I think that people should give these a try as well.
The BBQ chips are great.  We liked them better than regular chips.  They have a nice crunch.  Hate Kettle chips which are so hard that they are like eating shards of glass.<br /><br />We will definitely be buying more of the Popchips.
These really are good I gave some to other people and they liked them too. The plain flavored ones take well to using them as scoops for your own dip or salsa. When eating the BBq flavored ones brings back memories of yester years when I would eat BBq pork skins while riding in the back of the truck on the range. I think the pepper ones could use more pepper but they are all still good and make a good snack or side dish to lunch at 100 Cal per pack.
To those of you, and there's a lot of us, who are constantly watching our weight and calorie intake,these chips are A-1 in my book.<br /><br />First of all, the flavors are incredible, very tastey and enjoyable.  The single serve bags are just the right amount, and a very nice portion might I add, and the calorie intake is only 100 calories for the entire single serve bag.<br /><br />I'm so happy I tried them, I bought the variety pack of single serves and I can't say enough good things about them.<br /><br />They're crispy and crunchy and the flavors aren't to salty, just right.<br /><br />So to those of you who enjoy a nice crunchy savory snack, you can't go wrong with POPCHIPS!!!  I'm hooked, now I just have to make sure I limit myself to only 1 - 2 bags a day!!!<br /><br />They really are good and the nutritional information isn't bad at all.<br /><br />So WOO HOO for those of us who can't sit down with a big old bag of Herrs or Utz and just can't seem to stop ourselves from putting our hand back into the bag over and over and over again, don't get me wrong I'm not bashing on Herr's or Utz, I love them both, however they're much higher in calorie than the POPCHIPS.<br /><br />Do yourselves a favor and give them a try, you truely can't go wrong, even my friends/family, who don't have to watch their calorie intake, enjoy them as well, so that's saying something.<br /><br />Hope to read other reviews of happy calorie counting snackers!!!!!<br /><br />Keep on Munching, the Healthy way with "POPCHIPS" snacks.
Found these while looking for good, cheap, low-calorie snack packs to buy in bulk for my office.  After my first shipment, I decided to have two boxes shipped to the office monthly via subscribe & save.  My next shipment arrives in two days. I'm so excited!<br /><br />Gotta have my pop chips...
My husband and I both really like the popchips.  They are a great substitute for regular potato chips and we both find them very satisfying.
I read a reference to these on Jillian Michaels's website, checked out the Popchips web page, and liked everything I read. But the proof is in the tasting, of course. They arrived today and the consensus here in this house is that Popchips are incredible. They taste SINFULLY good, crunchy and just yummy. I love sea salt and vinegar chips in general, and truly LOVED the popchips version. Anyone on Weight Watchers plus will be happy to know that a single serving bag is only 3 measly points. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
What a great way to help with dieting and keeping on track.  These are very tasty and crunchy - great with sandwiches or salad or even by themselves.
My whole family loves these "chips".  I am following the Weight Watchers plan and the whole bag is only 3 points, there is quite a few in the bag totally worth it!!!
i am trying to eat healthy and could not really find any good tasting low fat snacks. my friend told  me about pop chips that she bought from amazon. she said she loved them and i should give them a try, i said what the heck if she likes them they must be good. and what do you know i loved them and i have a bag almost everyday for a snack
The only complaint I have with pop chips is that I can't get all of the flavors at the stores where I live!!! My husband and I both LOVE pop chips, his favorite is the salt and pepper and mine is the sour cream and onion.  Pop chips are a perfect mix between a chip and a rice cake!!!! We cannot say enough good things about them!
I LOVE PopChips.  They have a great crunch without the greasy feel and taste.  They are very similar to munchos--very light and fluffy.  If you are looking for something to satisfy your salty craving, these are a great way without having to feel so guilty about consuming an enormous amount of calories.
The original flavor would work fine with any dip and are okay on their own<br />The salt and pepper flavor is AWESOME.  Really tasty and a great snack for only 100 calories<br />The sour cream and onion is a little chemicall-y but decent.<br />The barbeque is good but not tasty enough.  The flavor doesn't go as well with the texture.<br /><br />Haven't yet tried the other two flavors.  Will update as I do.<br /><br />If you haven't tried popchips they are sort of a cross between pringles and rice cakes.  Less like styrofoam than rice cakes and made with the same potato flakes kind of texture as pringles without as much fat.<br /><br />So far I have this on subscribe and save and will keep that subscription active.  These definitely beat a 150 - 300 calorie bag of potato chips as a snack.
I bought these when they were on a Gold Box deal...thinking that it would be a nice inexpensive toss in for a month of lunches...and then I'd never buy them again.<br /><br />Not so...<br /><br />They're actually really tasty!  Exceptionally crunchy!  And the flavor is similar to kettle cooked chips.  Definitely going on subscribe and save for a while.<br /><br />I don't think they're any more salty than standard potato chips...but they're by no means "low salt."
Popchips are a great guilt-free way to add some crunchy satisfaction to your diet without added excess fat and sugar. They are clean, light, deliciously satisfying and are available in a variety of flavors.They would make a great lunch box addition. Popchips will be on hand in our home from now on!
I received my box of assorted Popchips a few days ago to support my Weight Watcher meal plan.  I absolutely love them and find that they fit in with my plan.  Without hesitation I recommend all varieties of these chips.  What a great idea!!!
Very tasty chips( ORIGINAL AND OTHER FLAVORS ),but ones with salt flavor way too salty.Not sure who likes so much salt in chips..
What a great snack!  I love these crispy, crunchy, treats.  Packaged in a single serve bag, I buy these by the pack of 24 assorted flavors so I have them on hand whenever I feel the urge to snack.<br />Unfortunately my family has discovered how good they are so they are now going faster than I had anticipated.  Time to order some more!  All the different flavors are seasoned just right--not too salty or spicy.  I love Popchips!
These chips are awesome. The light airy texture makes them a pleasant snack. I am dieting and thesse fit in reall nice. Gives me that salty, crunchy yummy taste that keeps my points low for the day. I love them. I have recommended them to all my diet buddies and they love them. I haven't tried all the flavors yet, only those in the variety pack but trust me I will be tracking them all down and hopefully find my favorite. That may be difficult they are all so good!!!
I tried these in Colorado and came home to find out they only sell them on the west coast. Amazon didn't sell the ones I wanted. I put it on a wish list as a gift for a loved one. Within a week of their birthday, Amazon e-mailed me that it was available. Great chips but, took longer to ship then expected. Just in the nick of time for the birthday. When you want something real bad, Amazon usually comes through.
We absolutely loved the chips and after ordering them from Amazon we were able to find them in Target.  They have a really good flavor and we would eat them even if we weren't trying to loose weight.  Recommended by weight watchers.
Popchips are absolutely delicious, and getting the variety pack is great.  Everyone in my family has a favorite flavor.  Highly recommend these as they feed your chip craving, but are not nearly as bad for you as chips.
I really like the flavors and the fact that the chips are low in fat.  I especially like the bbq and salt and vinegar.  I don't care for the salt and pepper.  I wish I could get a multipack and choose the flavors I want.
We have played this with three adults.  fun game that does not take too long to play.  makes you think and plan only to have someone else mess up your plans.
That's all I can say. Yum at a great price! I can't find these sizes anywhere in my local grocery so this is just awesome.
Great low cal snack... satisfies the crunchy, snacky, salty cravings without high calories.  All flavors are good;  The cheddar is a little too seasoned for my taste.
I have a free sampling of these chips and I can see me swapping them for my regular chip cravings. They remind me of Munchos, but are less greasy. Try them.
If you haven't discovered Pop Chips yet - you don't know what you are missing.  Low calorie and high in flavor.  Great for the kids lunches. I need the single servings or I will eat the whole big bag.
I am so happy to try and enjoy pop-chips. They were recommended on calorie count.com, products like this are not available at local grocers. Caloriecount.com mentioned the snacks were available from Amazon.com which we all know is easy to order and accept delivery to your door. The pop chips are delicious, they come in many flavors. I have ordered them twice and shared them with friends. We love the single serving 100 calorie packs. The treats are tasty and delicious. I am on an email list to alert me when the jalepemo flavored pop chips become available. Thanks Amazon! I am planning to order them again for snacks on a family vacation. The variety will make this a fun treat and when compared to other 100 calorie treats this product gets a 10/10 rating from our family.
These have become a wonderful alternative to those afternoon cravings for salt, and or sugar.  They have texture and flavor, and a bag hits the spot.  I would highly recommend these if you are looking for an alternative to the junk from candy machines.
I LOVE Popchips!!  These are the BEST.  Individual serving bags, flavors are great, taste is excellent.  My daughter and grandson love the barbeque.  I have found that buying them through Amazon is cheaper and Amazon offers the bigger bags also.  I have to watch that because I could eat the whole bag.
I am a chip fanatic, when I heard of these, I HAD to give them a try! They are very tasteful esp. the bbq one's.  I have yet to try the other flavors but I am sure they will not disappoint.  I watch my weight/health so these are perfect, just becareful because they are addicting!
Good Variety of the flavors, makes it helpful to sample for your choice of type you prefer. Also good for packed lunches or as a portioned snack.
This is a great snack to have instead of potato chips. Lower in calories but still delicious. Will be ordering them again.
I was very pleased with the popchips.  MY first order was before the chips hit the stores.  The taste is delightful.  No greasy taste. In fact the variety in flavors will keep your palate very excited!  Amazing how it is made.  Calorie count is great too! I went further to send the chips to my family they too were very pleased with them.  My third order I placed for a gathering of 12 friends.  They too, could not get over the variety of flavors and how they were made. I feel the product itself won over more prospective customers. Try it yourself, I know you will be very pleased.<br /><br />Trish Kowalski
I love Popchips. They are delicious and I can't believe one bag is only 100 calories. The flavors are great although I am not a fan of salt and pepper. I would highy recommend as a way to try the different flavors. I am sure you will love them too.
I hate healthy anything!<br /><br />But I am overweight, so I need an alternative to my normal routine of Doritos potato chips. The only reason I tried these chips is because of the other reviews, so I am contributing my 5 stars toward the product.<br /><br />From just looking at it, I was expecting it to taste more like rice cake... but I was pleasantly surprise. The chips tastes great, very crisp... I don't really know how to explain it.<br /><br />All the flavors are great. My favorite is the BBQ. The Original is a bit too salty, but still very tasty.<br /><br />Highly recommended! At least give it a try before disregarding it for being a healthier snack.
I'm trying to eat healthier and one of the things I really love is chips and salty snacks of all kinds!  These Popchips really do the trick of satisfying my craving. Though I don't really care for the pepper flavor, I like all of the others.  I will buy these again.
I found these chips on vacation in Oregon.  The store was a kind of natural yet upscale type of grocery store.  I had never seen them before.  They are different than regular chips-no oily taste but very flavorful.  I didn't know if I could get them in CA so I ordered a case!
These taste great and are a healthier alternative. My favorite was the sea salt and vinegar. I probably won't order the other flavors again since I have a favorite, and don't eat potato chips all that often. But the variety pack was great to get to try them all.
These are great - my entire family loves them.  It is a great addition to my son's school lunch - and I have the satisfaction of knowing it is a better alternative then the normal "chip" out on the market.  Great flavor - BBQ and Sourcream & Onion are our favorites!  Love the single serve bags - wish you could buy them at the store - but for now I will continue to purchase on Amazon...  because of the great service and varieties!
These chips are flavorful without all the fat of fried. I love love the bbq flavor.  I also like how the chips don't crumble in the bag.
These are great little snack packs - flavorful chips and fairly low fat and low cal.
I tried this chips in a hotel that I stayed at, and loved them! I ordered them for the office and everyone enjoyed them. I'm on my second order!
Popchips are very good.  The varity received lets you try the diferent flavors.  I only wish I could find them locally.
These are the best chips invented for those who are trying to watch their calorie intake.  You get a lot of chips for minimal calories, and they taste great!!
Great selection of chips & very fresh. If you are are looking for a healthy alternative to fried potato chips & don't like the fake taste of baked, these are just the most amazing chips you can eat. I bought 2 cases & every time I'm at Target or our Super Box Store I make sure to pick them up!!
I agree with reviewers who enjoy this alternative to the regular salty snack options.  The texture of the chips is great and they're very flavorful!  I can certainly taste the sodium but if this isn't a problem for you, I would recommend trying them.  It's a snack I look forward to having a chance to enjoy.  Everyone has their favorite flavor (i'm no exception -BBQ FTW!) so I recommend trying the variety pack first.  I thought I'd have at least one or two flavors we'd 'hate', but no.<br /><br />My initial purchase of an alternative snack was Stacy's Pita Chips in Parmesan Garlic & Herb.  Nothing against them, but they lacked the flavor punch I was looking for.  These Popchips are exactly right.<br /><br />I can definitely recommend these chips for anyone who likes a salty, flavorful snack!
I loved these chips. They were exactly what I had been looking for. They are not fried/greasy or baked/dry they were great-tasting, satisfying, and healthy alternative to regular potato chips. You can feel good about eating these chips. Can't say enough, you'll have to try them for yourself! I am ordering more now!
Although I can not say that these are the same thing as potato chips, they are a good alternative and very tasty. The flavors are much like the potato chips you would get at the store; it is the texture that is different. They are less oil (a good thing) and lighter than potato chips almost like a rice cake except much thinner and crisper. All of the flavors are good except for the cheese one. I didn't care for it although my two-year-old likes it.<br /><br />All-in-all, for the calories, you can't beat it, and for long term weight maintenance and health, these are great and delicious as well. Amazon.com sends out a very fresh product that is as good as if you bought it from the shelf of your local grocery store.
The chips are very good and serve as a great snack with very low calories and Weight Watcher point value.
I was on the fence about buying these for months. I read the reviews and were impressed by them but, the possibility of being stuck with 24 bags of chips I hated made me nervous. This was my first food order from amazon and I am glad I picked this product to be. I absolutely love these chips. I deiced on the variety pack to start with in case I didn't like one flavor had others I could eat. Turns out though I enjoy them all.<br /><br />They are thicker than your normal potato chip with a great crunch and more of an airy texture. One bag fills me up as a mid-day snack. The flavors themselves are a bit bolder than you would expect from a chip. For me this was a good thing. I would have to say the bbq is my favorite. The flavor reminded me a lot of lays bqq but a bolder version of it, the sweet bqq flavor with a bold kick at the end. My bags had very few broken chips in them. Everything about this order was great.<br /><br />My father was around when I was trying my first bag, making fun of them cause they were healthy. I offered him one and he accepted probably to do some dramatic spitting it out and eww effect. He looked at me confused once he ate it, promptly took the bag out of my hand and walked away with it. This is a man who HATES anything healthy, but shows how good the flavors are.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these again.
I picked up a 3 oz bag of the Salt and Vinegar chips last weekend at Wegman's and in a blink of an eye, the bag was GONE.  Very nice vinegar flavor.  Bad side was in a blink of an eye they were gone which is not good for portion control.  I ordered the variety pack in .8 oz size (single serving) to help with portion control.  Most of the flavors I like - but fair warning, the parmesan garlic is VERY garlic. Love the salt and pepper.  With 100 calories a pack, what a nice change from baked chips.  Try it - you will like it.
Popchips are really, really good! Don't expect a regular old, greasy potato chip, but DO expect something equally AWESOME that stands on its own. Popchips don't leave any funny residue in your mouth like some other "diet" chips, and they don't have a lot of fat and calories - only 100 cal. per single-serve bag! I got the variety pack, and liked every one of the six flavors - some better than others (because I'm not a big fan of cheddar chips by ANY maker, so these were as good as any), but all were good, most were GREAT. Even non-dieters who tried them liked them. It seems like they cost a bit more than the average bag of chips, but maybe that's because I had to buy a case. Even so, they're worth it if you're fighting the battle of the bulge and want a lo-cal indulgence you wouldn't otherwise be able to enjoy. My recommendation: EAT POPCHIPS!
Here's the straight talk from a foodie, not a Top Chef food critic, but a foodie:<br />-Name: Pop Chips. They are cooked in a kettle with pressure and heat. Fantastic. Not baked or fried. Made by the company POP CHIPS so it isn't frito lays or mars trying to forcefeed America in disguise.<br />-Packaging and Branding: Colorful and way too heavy-duty bags. This is why they are slightly expensive. Similar to kettle chips packaging. You will have fun opening the bags with a POP. Packaging was great. I've eaten about 6 of the small bags and not one was even slightly damaged.<br />-Taste and Texture: They are about the size of half-dollar coins, kind of puffy like a pork rind or rice cake, and they are not crunchy hard like potato chips but they do crunch. Definitely distinctive and they deserve a place on the market.<br />-Nutrition: 100 Calories! Unfortunately, you know what this means. It's not a big grab by any means. It's about 15-20 chips per .8 oz bag. Which, honestly, is great for portion control. It's probably all we need and popchips knows it. Definitely more filling than other 100 calorie snacks made by, say, SnackWell or the oreos/mini muffins type.<br />-Flavor: The 3 pack comes with Cheddar Potato, Sea Salt and Vinegar, and Barbecue Potato. As an English major I'm inclined to take the "potato" off the label. Just as salty and flavorful as normal chips, but not overpowering like some (cheap tortilla chips/some doritos). NATURAL taste.<br />I bought these on sale with a 15-20% discount I believe. I might purchase them again if I won a gift card or something, but I would rather look for these in a store or at a warehouse club and save some cash/trees on the gigantic box they come in. But if you are on the fence and worried about being disappointed, you won't be. This is definitely quality over quantity.
I ordered these chips due to other readers reviews being so good. In addition, my pregnant wife and I enjoy foods that are portioned and easy for taking on the go. But the main reason I ordered these chips was that they are a health conscious choice and the flavor does not disappoint! They are excellent.<br /><br />Here is a nutritional breakdown:<br /><br />Calories: 100<br />Calories from Fat: 30<br />Total Fat: 3g<br />Saturated Fat, Trans Fat, Poly and Mono: 0g<br />Cholesterol: 0mg<br />Sodium: 160mg - 7%<br />Potassium 180mg - 5%<br />Total Carbohydrates 15g - 5%<br />Dietary Fiber 1g - 4%<br />Sugars 2g - 4%<br />Protein 1g<br />Calcium 2%<br />Iron 2%
I hate to type this, because there are so many people that really enjoy this product, but take a look at the ingredients in this so-called "all-natural" product. I have the cheddar cheese flavor right in front of me, so that is the only flavor I can vouch for right now.  About halfway down the list of ingredients you'll see "yeast extract." Unfortunately, this is the new MSG.  Many people are still unaware of this fact and "natural" food companies are taking advantage.  It is a chemical flavor enhancer whose potential side effects are very scary.  Google "MSG yeast extract" for yourself, or check out [...].
Here is a nutritional breakdown:<br /><br />Calories: 100<br />Calories from Fat: 30<br />Total Fat: 3g<br />Saturated Fat, Trans Fat, Poly and Mono: 0g<br />Cholesterol: 0mg<br />Sodium: 160mg - 7%<br />Potassium 180mg - 5%<br />Total Carbohydrates 15g - 5%<br />Dietary Fiber 1g - 4%<br />Sugars 2g - 4%<br />Protein 1g<br />Calcium 2%<br />Iron 2%<br /><br />For Weightwatcher folks this breaksdown to 2 Points.......
These are to potato chips as Pringles are to chips; as instant coffee is to brewed coffee; and Stephen Baldwin is to Alec Baldwin - same family but scant resemblance.  So I'd buy a single, small package at your grocers and try them out.  Not for everyone, and certainly not for my family which includes two teenage boys.  Even they take a pass on these unless they are truly desperate.  Crispness is OK.  Even mouth feel is good, but there is a lingering (not good) taste - again, kind of like Pringles.  PS: the flavors are OK but definitely taste like they were made at that flavor factory along the Jersey Turnpike.
Purchased the 0.8oz bag (Seemed the same size as the other bags when purchased), but didn't realize it was 0.8 ounces as compared to other bags.  Just be aware - might be perfect for some, but not for us.  Having a bag with 10 potato chips in it doesn't cut it for me.  Might be perfect for kids - but just a heads up.
We tried these chips because DR. OZ had recommended them on his show as a healthier potato chip alternative.  My whole family loves them, we have not found a flavor that we don't like.  These are WAY better than any baked style chip.  Try them and you won't be disappointed!
These chips are pretty delicious.. Even the original flavor with nothing on it is good. It's not as delicious as Doritos, but it's also not fried either, which definitely balances it out. A good snack for all times of day!
MY kids loved these and they were such a great deal. I didn't feel so guilty about giving my kids chips!!
Like many others, we were on the fence about buying these Popchips, with the possibility of being stuck with 24 bags of chips that even the dogs may not eat.  Turns out though we enjoy them all, the kids like the plain ones, saying they taste like Pringles, and my wife and I are particularly fond of the cracked pepper and salt.  We are not fans of BBQ chips in general, but still ate the BBQ Popchips.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these again
Everyone should try these chips. They are healthier than regular chips. And they taste good.
This was our first time trying Popchips, but I had heard so many good things about them so I was eager to try them.  We ordered the variety pack to try a few flavors.  My kids gobbled all of them easily but their favorite was the salt and vinegar.  My favorite by far is the BBQ flavor.  We love popchips here!!!
These are the best alternative chips I have ever tried. I have shared them with friends and relatives and they all agree. You get enough in the single serve packs to be truly satisfied and if you are a weight watchers customer, they are GREAT, only 2 points for each bag!!!
Possibly THE best salt and vinegar chips (healthy or not) ever!  The salt is just right and compliment the vinegar's tartness perfectly.<br /><br />All the chips are good.. salt and pepper can be a little overwhelming.
These are by far one of the most tasty chips available in the market. It's not greasy, doesn't leave a strong after taste as compared to other chips available in the market.  First time time tasting it was during the Natural Product Expo West 2009 in Anaheim, fell in love with it almost right away.<br /><br />The only thing I can complain about this product was probably the price, which is higher compared to chips of other brands.  In addition, the barbeque flavor and the original flavor are slightly salty compare to the rest of the flavor in the variety pack.<br /><br />Amazon's pricce on this item, along with the subscription discount made me pull the trigger almost instantaneously.  if you have a costco nearby, you can also purchase this item at a very discounted price, slightly higher than what Amazon offers though.
This variety pack is perfect for when you want something crunchy and salty.<br />The selection of flavors were great choices for me - I liked them all.<br />The portion keeps you from overeating, and they are healthier for you than<br />potato chips, even the baked ones.<br />I recommend these and will be buying them again and again.
The popchips are a nice alternative to potato chips. They are not greasy and only 100 calories per bag. Great for dieters. Fits in with a low calorie diet. Definitely would recommend trying at least once.
Totally amazing and very delicious.<br /><br />My favorite flavors (from best to worst):<br /><br />1. barbecue<br />2. sour cream and onion<br />3. cheddar<br /><br />4. salt and pepper<br />5. original<br />6.  vinegar and sea salt
Salt and Vinegar and BBQ rock!  Plain were OK....Didn't really care for Cheddar.  Nice to start w/a variety pack to find the ones you prefer.
If you had to choose, my favorites were the sea salt and vinegar, followed by salt and pepper. Suprisingly, the original flavor was my least favorite, probably because I was spoiled by all the flavor the others offer. Very tasty chips, healthier alternative to regular chips without compromising on flavor. In fact, the taste is better than most regular chips I've had. Would highly recommend this product! This is a really nice product.
I got these for $10 for the 24 pack, so a pretty good deal. They are about as healthy as the baked chips I usually buy.  They all taste great and Im officially a fan.<br /><br />It's pretty much what it sounds like chips that are popped instead of baked.  So they do have some "air" in them.  .8 ounce bags is slightly more than the .75 ounches in baked lays bags I was buying.<br /><br />Good buy if you can get a good deal like I did
Popchips are a healthy and light alternative to regular potato chips.  They are full of flavor, and only 2 Weight Watcher points per delicious bag!  I have shared these chips with family and friends, and they are all now fans!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack, 0.8-Ounce Single Serve Bags (Pack of 24)</a>
I am very pleased with these.  Note: they are kosher (kof k) Pareve!  At 100 calories / bag, they make a delicious snack.
Excellent taste for a low calorie snack.  This size bag is exactly 100 calories and you get a lot of chips.  I prefer these to the regular greasy chips.
I expected..idk..maybe tasteless cardboard...but these are really good..i have only tried the bbq so far..but it packs a lot of flavor and you get a lot of chips in a single serving bag!  I will update after my family beach trip because i am taking the 24 pack with us for some moderately healthy snacking..my only caveat is..these could prove to be addictive..i am looking to watch my weight..and these are definitely a temptation!  Very happy with this product:)
I order these chips on a regular basis.  If you are doing Weight Watchers, these chips are 2 points a bag.  When this particular shipment arrived at my house, it was poorly packaged.  I received a case of crumbs instead of a case of chips.  This is the 1st time in the four times that I've ordered these, hopefully it won't happen again.
i love popchips and this was really a treat to get the variety of flavors and the individual bags were such convenience! Thank you!
I absolutely love Pop Chips as a healthy alternative to regular, fatty chips.  The Seat Salt and Pepper and the Sour Cream and Onion are my favorites.  I don't crave regular chips at all!
I LUV me some POPCHIPS!!  These are great snack items.  I ordered a case, and passed them around my office.  Now everyone is addicted to these chips. I have not found anyone that did not like these chips...and they are healthier than the baked chips out there. YUMM!!
Popchips don't taste like a lot of the other lowfat salty snack options.  They are light in taste and big on crunch.  Great alternative to potato chips.  I'm not a fan of the BBQ flavor but I do like the sea salt & vinegar, salt & pepper alot and sour cream and onion.  Like the individual bags - perfect for on the go and lunches.
When I found these chips I was shocked to see how little fat there is in these. They taste great and the are actually not bad for you either. I told my sister, and she has told her friend everyone loves them after they try them. We order boxes so we can have them at work instead of using the vending machines, the office loves them. They can be a little hard to find, that why I order the online.
This 24-pack lasted about a month, and I sampled all of the flavors but only got to eat the barbecue flavor once, as it is my wife's and my favorite. So, I reordered just the barbecue. Great snack for 100 calories. I've purchased the reduced fat Pringles 100-calorie individual packs before, and you get a lot more chips in a Popchips bag than from Pringles.
Great product! All the flavors were delicious. Loved the fact that the single serve bags were about 100 calories each.
I LOVE THESE CHIPS, I HAVE THEM ON AUTO ORDER EVERY 2 MONTHS, THEY TASTE GREAT, I CAN NOT BELIVE THE WHOLE BAG HAS 100 CALORIES, I HAVE A BAG EVERY DAY, IT SURE HAS HELPED MY WEIGHT LOSS BY HAVEING THEM IN LITTLE BAGS, SO I DO NOT EAT A HUGE AMOUNT
I am very impressed with the flavors. ALL OF THEM! There were a few flavors I wasn't sure I was going to like....but they are really good also! The flavors are very intense. You are not getting a bland chip. I'm on the monthly plan but I've already had to order them ahead of schedule twice!
PopChips are delicious and much healthier than your regular potato chips. I love all the flavors !! It's also nice to get a variety box with single serving bags.
Fabulous - tasty but not awful for you!  I've already recommended to folks I work with.  Will continue to purchase!
It is simple. These chips taste great and are a healthier alternative to other brands. Way better than anything baked! I highly recommend them!
The Popchips were excellent - had excellent flavor and low in calories.  When you eat these - don't need another potato chip!
These chips are delicious and low in calories.  I love the salt and vinegar, and the barbeque.  We buy them by the case.  They are great.  Thanks for offering them.
I love pop chips and the variety pack was fantastic.  Delivered quickly - these chips are filling, full of flavor and way healthier than other types of chips.
I first tried them after a product get together at Jelly Belly in Fairfield, Ca. I was so pleased, that I wanted more!  Well my Husband said he saw some at Costco so he got a few flavors and boy was I hooked. I sent my Grandsons in Idaho a box of 24 mixed small packages and also a friend in Ohio the same thing.  I am on a calorie counting diet along with my Husband and we eat the popchips almost every day. I like the different flavors and the fact they are healthy for you...alot better then baked or fried.  I am sold and really enjoy them...you came up with a fantastic product.  Sincerely, Viki Crabtree
Pop-Chips are VERY GOOD!  I'm on a mission to lose weight and these have replaced high calorie snacks.  I think I even like these better than regular chips!  The BBQ, Salt & Vinegar, and Cheddar are really good alone (and I'm not normally a BBQ chip person).  I tend to eat the Original, Sour Cream & Onion , and the Salt & Pepper with Laughing Cow Cheese as a dip.  I don't really care for the salt & pepper as much as the others because I don't really like pepper in general and these are very peppery.  I wish they would replace the salt & pepper with the parmesan garlic flavor.<br /><br />Also, I like to buy these small packages to limit my portion size, but also because there are a lot of chips in this one little bag.  It also makes it really convenient for me to grab a few bags and take them to work or throw a few in the car.  I don't have kids but the small bags would be nice for kids as well.
My son and daughter-in-law told me about these chips and they purchased a few bags at a store and I will say they are higher in stores then you can get them online on Amazon. They brought me a bag and I was hooked! So I ordered popchips online and they are the "BEST" chips!! There wasn't a flavor I didn't like or that my family didn't like. I am a (chipaholic) and these are better for you and a great tasting chip. I highly recommend these to anyone that can't do without eating chips either with a sandwich, hamburger, or just to munch on midday.<br />You won't be dissapointed.
The pop-chips are great. I had heard they were really good and I totally agree. I love being able to have all the flavors. I like the variety.<br />The chips were delivered quickly and safely.
I love popchips and especially when they are in individual portion sizes and a variety of flavors...good for you and tastes great and are easy to put in lunches or snacks on the go!
If I had to describe a Popchip, I would say that it's a hybrid of a  potato chip and a popcorn cake.  I was a little skeptical, at first, since I was trying to figure out how they were made if they weren't baked or fried, but I was pleasantly surprised when I tried them.  This variety pack gives people a good opportunity to try the six different flavors and decide which ones are their favorite(s).  If you're a snacker or if you are looking for a healthier alternative to fried potato chips, this are a must-try.
I liked most all of these except for the cheddar ones.  These are packed with flavor and are a great alternative to regular potato chips as well as being just 80% just as good.<br /><br />The best way to describe these is that they are like rice cakes except make from potatoes.  I hate rice hates but loved these (just the texture is compared to rice cakes not the flavor)and I will definitely purchase them again in the future.<br /><br />I recommend giving these a chance, they are a great healthy and quick snack.
For 100 calories a bag, these are the closest thing you will get to regular potato chips, they have great crunch and flavor.
These are crunchy and very tasty!  These don't taste like the 'usual' chips from the store.  When I first tried them, I could tell right away they were different from the greasy, salty, fatty chips I was used to eating.  These have their own flavor and crunch and I started to appreciate them right away.  I noticed I didn't feel so sluggish and icky after eating these.  Which was wonderful.  The combo package is great because the flavors are all very different and tasty.  And I love the smaller packages.  They really hit the spot without the risk of overindulging.
the pop chips are really incredible. They are very flavorful and crispy. My Favorite is the BBQ, but that is just me, they are all good. I would highly recommend these to anyone who is watching their weight of just for overall better health.
these chips tatse great, and the serving size is good. we especially liked the variety pack with six flavors
I recently received the variety packs of popchips. i have them delivered to work and everyone just loves them.<br /><br />i tried one flavor ...delicious, next flavor.... excellent, next flavor... oh my goodness, even better and it gets better and better.<br /><br />Best snack in recent memory.  :)
Very tasty chips, healthier alternative to regular chips without compromising on flavor. In fact, the taste is better than most regular chips I've had. Would highly recommend this product! If you had to choose, my favorites were the sea salt and vinegar, followed by salt and pepper. Ironically, the original flavor was my least favorite, probably because I was spoiled by all the flavor the others offer.
These chips might seem a little expensive compared to other leading (and unhealthy I might add)chips, but I was not disappointed in my purchase. They arrived in a few days and made the perfect snack for me and my husband's lunches. Also, we checked for the closest store selling these and it was Target 50 miles away in Tulsa and would have been costly to buy them as they are more per case and the drive to get them.
The reason why I ordered this on-line is because the only Pop Chips they have in my store are the regular and salt and vinegar & barbeque.  I LOVE the sour cream and onion ones - actually I love ALL of them, but it's great to have them in the 100 calorie bag, because if they weren't I wouldn't be able to stop eating them.
I love these chips...and my husband does too. He wipes them out before I can get to them. The variety pack is a great way to determine which flavor you like. They are packaged well and always fresh. The bag contains a generous portion. I've purchased many times and am never dissapointed.
This is a great chip replacement! Wow all the flavors are terrific,good with a sandwich, soup, or just a late night snack!
Pop Chips are the best chips I've had in a long time.  I'm a Weight Watcher and to satisfy that salty craving I get now and then these chips are the ticket and they are only 2 points.  And when I buy a case of them they average I think about .94.  Not bad.
loved the assortment pack. everyone in family loves them.  low fat, lower calorie and all natural, simple snack for kid's lunch bags. It is peanut and tree nut free (safe for allergy kids) and although it is made on equipment shared with wheat, I bought this for my child who is on an wheat limiting diet.
I am a chip addict and these are by far some of the tastiest, non-homemade chips I've ever had. Plus they're healthy! Only problem is I can't decide which flavor is my favorite.
I love these chips. They are excellent! On the Weight Watchers plan they are only 2 points per bag which is GREAT for potatoe chips. LOVE the single serving bags for portion control. Also love Amazon.com for selling them. Can't find them in the stores. I will be ordering these forever. Great product.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack of 24 [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>]
I love these chips and they are a perfect low fat snack to keep me held over through my day.  The only thing bad about the Amazon price is they are about $20 for a 24 pack.  That is 80 cents each.  Sadly I discovered this great snack at work in the vending machine - for 75 cents.  I would expect to buy them for .50 a pack if I have to buy 24 and not from a vending machine.  I highly recommend these chips, but there is no savings buying the from Amazon.
Variety pack of popchips r sooo good all flavors r delicious and r way healthier than regular greasy potato chips....popchips r half the fat and only 100 calories so a def must buy
I am in love with POP Chips! They are my go to low calorie snack! The largest 100 calorie pack out there!
These chips are very good. Wish we could purchase them in our area. Great chance to try them in this offer.
These are better than any low calorie chips I've ever had, and I prefer them to normal chips. They are wonderful. Oprah even loves them.  I would buy this box again, and probably will, because I LOVE that these are 100 calorie packs. The barbeque and salt and vinegar ones are AWESOME.
They were not bad tasting...........they served the purpose that I wantned with a sandwich nice and crunchy
These chips are delicious and each bag only has 100 calories.  They are not fried but just baked and come in 6 different flavors.  For anyone who is dieting but loves potato chips these are great.
These are the best chips ever and what a great swap for all the fat and calories of regular chips.  Not to mention that they come in single servings so when you eat the WHOLE bag it's ok!!!  Great product and I would highly recommend it anyone.
I originally found these at a Target out of my home town. I fell in love with them as part of my Weight Watcher's plan. They are a good snack alternative when I crave something salty. I could not find them where I live so I purchased them from the Pop Chips web site which took me through Amazon. Yummy!
This is one of the best new products I have ever tried in a long time.....These are delicious chips, they taste like chips, ( not styrofoam) and are all natural !<br />The Barbeque are outstanding, as are the plain, sour creme and onion, salt and pepper. I don't love the Cheddar or the Salt and vinegar, they are a bit strong.<br /><br />If you are on weight watchers each bag is 2 points, and are a great find to cover the crunchy/salty crave, If you are not on weight watchers, you will still enjoy them. My husband loves them, my co-workers love them, kids love them. They can not believe their Mom is allowing them to eat a bag of chips a day!<br /><br />Overall an excellent product !
These taste wonderful!  Guilt free if you can stop at one bag.  Will definitly buy again!
Love, love, love these crunchy little treats.  They remind me of "Munchos" but without the greasy tounge afterwards.  I don't usually like flavored snacks, but these are all great, not overwhelming and no gross aftertaste.  I subscribe to them so I will never run out:)
What's to say - Pop Chips are great!!!  Kudos to the PoP Chip makers.
I really liked these chips.<br /><br />They came recommended from my friend and I really like them. The variety pack is great to try all of the flavors - although there were some I wasn't so fond of.<br /><br />The cheddar, bbq, and salt/pepper chips are great. The traditional ones are get this.... traditional. No excitement there.<br /><br />The chips are great - my brother still asks if I have any around the house but I haven't yet purchased them again.<br /><br />Hint: the have the texture of the snack Munchos.
I love these chips so much... and I can't get over how delicious each variety is!! The price here is AWESOME too!
I picked up a few bags of these at my local HEB and couldnt help but consume half of a bag in a day. The entire stock didnt last even a week for me.<br /><br />Many chips say they have a bold flavor but they never deliver. These, however, do. I tried the Garlic Parmessan chips and the first things I thought was how strong and delicious the parmessan was.. shortly followed by a garlic flavor. Combined with a sharp crunch, I cannot have enough of these chips. I'm almost afraid to buy a 24 pack because I know they won't last a month.<br /><br />It also helps that these things are pretty healthy for you. I mean, they are a potato crisp so you can't be entirely guilt-free... but I don't knock myself for going to town. I just avoid the potato chip aisle these are on when I need to lay low on the snack foods ;)
These chips are incredible! Enough can't be said about them. They are better than potato chips and without the guilt of fat and calories!
I love these chips! They always make a great healthy snack when I'm stuck at work with just the vending machine for sustenance.
Love these pop-chips! The variety bag was a great deal, especially with the $5 off.  Tasty, low fat- just what I needed as a healthy alternative for a great price. I highly recommend these!
I love Popchips!! They taste great and they do not have all of the fat that regular chips contain.  I was introduced to the wonderful world of Popchips several months ago and I have not looked at regular chips the same.  I do not consume copious amounts of potato chips, however, I do occasionally pack my kids lunch with the salty tubers. My family enjoys the Popchips so much, that I purchased a variety pack of 24 (0.8oz bags) from Amazon.  They taste very good and the texture is wonderful, although I will admit they are a bit salty.  I really enjoy the salt and pepper flavor the best, with the salt and vinegar coming in a close second.  Make sure you have a large glass of water as you are consuming these popped treats, because as I stated before they are quite salty. I highly recommend these for individuals who eat potato chips and want a somewhat more healthy alternative.
Love All THE FLAVORS!!!!! JUST THE RIGHT SIZE PACKAGE AND TASTE GREAT!!!!! GIVE THEM A TRY YOU WILL LOVE THEM ALSO!!!!!
I discovered Pop Chips a year or so ago, and my whole family LOVES them!  We are partial to crunchy, salty snacks (like potato chips) but hardly ever get them because of the calorie overload.  These are a perfect substitute!  Great to tide you over between meals, or with a sandwich, or a movie-watching snack.  The small size bags are perfect for NOT getting too carried away, too!
I love popchips, The bag now has only 100 calories. and it bit smaller but If you are craving pop chips without the fat and still taste great. These are for you. A bit pricey but worth it.
I heard of these through my weight watchers magazine. They a had a $5 coupon code so I figured "what the heck!". WOW -- pop chips are amazing - every flavor is AWESOME! I particularly liked the salt & pepper. If you want crunch and flavor - these are for you!!
I don't know why everyone loves these chips. They are healthy but taste disgusting. Only the original flavor tasted good, so getting the variety pack was a very bad idea. I would not buy this again and would rather go with baked chips than these. Pirate's Booty makes popped chips that are way better.
I am interested in these but was wondering if someone that has them could post some nutrition info on them? Mainly, fat, fiber, sugars, and then any vitamins? Thanks so much!!
I shared these with my two older sons, then ordered more. These are great to put in the glove compartment for after work.
I decided to try these based on the reviews - they are pretty good - especially for a more healthy option, but not sure I'll get them again.
Despite the plethora of positive product reviews for these snacks, I see no reason to buy them again. Read those positive reviews and compare the content in some of them to the guidelines of a non-profit consumer organization for reviews. They contain a lot of "Wow!" with little specifics that would have been included by a true believer. Weigh the others as you will, but the proof is still in the pudding.<br /><br />The texture is their best asset (if you like that sort of texture); that's about it for me. They appear to be an extruded potato product (many of those out there) with various seasonings that do not impress me, either. The most basic of them puts 160mg of sodium into the TINY .8oz package. If you were a deer, you might eat them for that alone. The fat is reduced, that much is true. But...<br /><br />Unless you are ready to trade fat for sodium, it's no deal. But wait... baked kettle chips, in a 1oz serving, up the fat to... 3G, the same as the .8 of the basic flavor. You got .2OZ free on that one. The baked kettles possess 135mg sodium, vs. 160. These chips give you 1G fiber in .8 vs. 2 in 1oz of baked kettles. This product loses again.<br /><br />The only place you might 'gain' is in carbs 21 for the kettle chips, 15 for these, but remember... you have .2oz extra in the kettle's nutrition info... just about a wash.<br /><br />And then, topping it all - the cost... $0.92 an oz vs $0.44 for baked kettles in subscription. Wow. These wonderful snacks cost $14.72 per pound, packed as they are. The prices will fluctuate... but think about the things you can buy for that money instead. These are microscopic bags (that does not help the environment, either - portion control aside) with product largely deriving its kick from sodium and cheap spices.<br /><br />The most positive thing I can say is the product is packed very well. Lots of air in the bags to protect the chips, and they will mostly arrive intact in their tiny portions in tiny bags. You won't have many crumbs in the bottoms of these little bags, so that is a good thing.<br /><br />But... bottom line... expensive junk "health food". "Wow!".
Two words: potato flakes. Not sure what the buzz about these is. Try one bag before you buy a case. Can't be returned.
in my book. You can eat one serving with ease and not feel any remorse. Just wish That there were more BBQ and Cheese flavored selections. The Black pepper is the BESTEST yet.
OK...but would never buy them again my husband ate some...<br /><br /> I thought they tasted a lot like the chips they used to call MUNCHO'S!<br /><br /> Just not for me!
I've heard about these chips for a while now and thought they would be a good alternative to regular chips. I couldn't eat them though, they just don't taste good to me personally. My grandmother loved them though and I gave the rest to her.
they taste awesome! esp the salt n pepper one! I love them and they are really healthy! the packaging is really good..
These popchips are a great alternative when you need a munchie, crunchie snack. They are much lower in calories/fat than regular chips and are portioned controlled. I especially like the barbeque flavor or the salt and pepper flavored popchips.
We love Popchips, but they're hard to find at our local grocery stores. I was very excited to find this variety pack, which has 6 flavors (some of which we'd never tried before) in single-serve packages right around 100 calories a piece. Our favorites were the original, sea salt & vinegar, and sour cream & onion... but all of the flavors were good. These were perfect for snacks, but they also made for easy lunches. We'll definitely order again!
Popchips are an excellent snack. I really like all of the varieties. I use Amazon's subscription plan and save some $$  -  I get 1 24-pack box per month, shipped automatically. Life is grand!
Popchips are phenomenal!  Unfortunately, just not readily available at a retailer near you.  Ordering online is the next best, especially with Amazon Prime service! My dad loved his boxes of Popchips.  I'm happy, as his daughter, to find a healthier snack that he can enjoy and receive right at his doorstep.
I am enjoying the recent purchase of PopChips, so far I have enjoyed all the flavor choices.  The individual serving bags make it easy for me to have just the right portion serving with my meals or if I have a craving for a snack.  Thanks for the product. Jean Roth
I'm really glad Amazon carries these, they are so much better for you than regular chips and actually taste good too.  We haven't found a flavor we didn't like yet.  I'll probably use the Amazon subscribe feature to get another $3 off as we will go through these fairly regularly.  Awesome chips!
these are the best chips I have every tasted They are Healthy for4 you & have Great flavor  I will buy often I eat 1 bag a day with my Lunch  Yummy !!!
This chips are perfect for a snack without having greasy fingers leftover.  All the flavors are great with my favorite being the vinegar and sea salt.
Great Chips - No after taste...<br />Seem to be much better for me.<br />Need to buy the big bags now.
I decided to give these a try since one of my good friends and her son raved about how good they were...Bad idea!  I almost ordered two since they were such a good price, I am so glad I didn't!  We don't care of these AT ALL!  The concept is nice, chips that are crunchy and better for you than most, BUT they taste funny!  They have a funny aftertaste and are not that enjoyable.  We have been slowly (and I mean very slowly) making our way through the 24 the box brought (we still have 19 left and we received them over two weeks ago) so they are not so horrible that you can't eat them, its just like forcing us to eat them so we don't have to throw them all away!  If you haven't had them before, I suggest trying them before committing to 24 bags of various yucky flavors!
Not anything to rave about. They were okay. I think if I truly had a craving for chips I would just buy and eat "regular" ones. Won't buy again.
Amazing concept... not fried, not even baked... Popped like Popcorn... !!!!<br />This is another product for my Weight Watchers regima. Each bag is only 2 points.. I love this snack for mid morning in between breakfast and lunch. They taste really good.. my favorite are the Bar-b-que, Salt & Vinegar, and the Sour Cream.. they are all good though.
Although they are mildly healthier, they don't taste as good as Baked Lays.<br /><br />Also, having a huge box of chips around isn't necessarily healthy because I ended up eating them more often.<br /><br />They are worth a try, but they just seem a bit overpriced (even with subscription savings) and over-hyped.
They're okay, but not the most amazing thing ever.<br /><br />~ The Good ~<br />Good flavor, no too strong or weak.<br />Crunchy, but not too dry.<br />Plenty of chips in each bag. Not just filled with air.<br />Not greasy, so makes a good on-the-go snack.<br />All natural, using no artificial flavors or colors.<br /><br />~ The Bad ~<br />Sill plenty of fat per bag (3.5 grams per bag of the sour cream flavor) so don't get them expecting them to be low fat.<br />Tastes like a low-fat chip, but with all the fat of regular chips.<br /><br />~ Conclusion ~<br />I'm 50/50 on if I'll order them again. I have a finicky stomach, and so I'm fine with things that taste low-fat and healthy, since those are mostly what I eat. But these have all the fat and calories of chips that are fried and even more than those that are baked, so I'm undecided on if I want more chips that have a healthy taste with all the fat. The all natural ingredients are what make this chip different, and what might bring me back for more. It's definitely one of those snacks you have to try for yourself, and see if you like them or not.
I love shrimp chips and I love healthier alternatives as well so I thought these would be a match made in heaven. Not so much. The flavors were too strong most of the time (I am a huge fan of pepper but even I had a hard time enjoying the salt & pepper flavor and the salt and vinegar made me shudder with each bite because of how strong the vinegar flavor is -- and this is from someone who currently lives in the UK and enjoys all types of vinegar crisps here) and too bleh in others. The only flavors that my husband and I both liked were the bbq and sour cream and onion and we didn't enjoy them enough to want to buy these again.<br /><br />I wish these were as good as all the hoopla regarding them said but we still have 15 bags of these in our cabinet four months later uneaten so needless to say, I will be giving these away and avoiding them from now on.
I expected from the extremely positive reviews on the site for full flavor healty chips. In reality I get an OKAY taste with a strange aftertaste on basically all of the flavors. Chedder and Salt&Pepper honestly being some of the worst tasting chips I've ever had. If you're just looking for a great tasting brand of chips with health as a #2 on the list there are much much better brands out there. In the end I compare these chips to diet soda vs regular; Some won't tell the difference while some will immediately sense it and hate it.
I ordered these chips because they got so many good reviews and I'm so glad I did.<br />All of the flavors are tasty and satisfying. At 100 calories a bag, they are a great snack. They quell that hunger for crunchy, salty, goodness without killing my diet. Yes, they are a bit pricier than a big bag of regular chips, but it stops me from eating just a couple more and 1 bag is really enough to keep me happy. I've got a new favorite chip.
If you are trying to eat healthy (like me), but love junk food (like me), these are the chips for you.  I have given up potato chips and french fries in my quest to eat guilt free, but a sandwich just needs something on the side. These chips add a great crunch as a side to a sandwich, and are a great snack for only 100 calories. They have no preservatives, no artificial flavors or colors, no cholesterol, 0 grams saturated fat, o grams trans fat, and are gluten free. Ingredients are potato flakes, potato starch, safflower oil and/or sunflower oil, rice flour, sea salt. They would be great to pack in a school lunch or for an after school snack. I ordered them on the subscription plan, a case a month, but might have to add an extra shipment. Everyone I have given a pack to loved them too and came back for more.
Popchips are good and great for diet snack. But on Amazon the price is nearly double the cost of Costco. An 18 pack is only $7.89 at Costco.
So for a "healthier" snack it sure is salty. But then the salt is a way for them to make the chips taste better without additional calories. Each bag is 100 calories with 10% sodium intake for the day.<br /><br />The chips are not bad, i just wouldn't get them again because most of the flavoring comes from the salt.
I really wanted to like these. All the reviews made it seem supernal, and, well as advertised, it's not fried nor baked.<br /><br />However, even though it is advertised as being "healthy" but still with plenty of flavor, that flavor just means each chip is loaded with salt. I only looked at the nutrition facts after I felt they were too salty, and I discover that a 100cal bag contains 10% dv of sodium.<br /><br />I'm not a health nut, nor am I trying to diet. These were my first food purchase from amazon, and I bought them because they were at the top of the search list and seemed to be a best seller. However, I just couldn't get into these chips.<br /><br />I realize that the flavour of the chips is up to each individuals' tastebuds, and so I will say that these are perfect for those who enjoy chips with strong flavor. I personally enjoy chips where I can taste some potato as well.
I HAPPENED UPON THIS ITEM IN MY LOCAL DELI AND BEING CURIOS I DECIDED TO TRY.  THEY WERE FABULOUS BETTER THAN THE REGULAR CHIPS BY FAR.  I GIVES YOU SATISFACTION OF CRUNCH AND FLAVOR IN A POTATOE CHIP.  GREAT GREAT FIND.
I first got the variety pack to try all the different flavors, then I picked 2 and ordered them on Subscribe and Save (1 each on alternate months).  It's much cheaper than the vending machine at work and they only have chips that are bad for you.  These chips are crisp, delicious, and taste salty, mmmmmmm good! Each bag has 230 mg. of sodium. They only have 100 calories in a bag, and the amount of chips in the bag is ample for one serving, unlike other 100 calorie snacks where you get 7 almonds, or 5 crackers....  Now I can have chips every day at work for lunch, no guilt!  The Salt and Pepper variety is absolutely delicious.  The plain is great for dipping, and the barbecue is full of flavor.  The salt and vinegar is very sour, if you like that type, and the cheddar and sour cream and onion varieties are good, just not my favorites.  A very good deal on Subscribe and Save, chips delivered to your door, individually bagged and ready to take for lunch.  Convenient!  Nothing bad to say about PopChips!
The chips are good with fast service but I ordered a case(24) of Popchips 6-flavor Variety Pack and received 24 bags all Barbecue flavored.
I love Amazon and I love the reviews from people, I've been introduced to alot of great products b/c of the reviews, but this time? Total, complete LET DOWN! Popchips having 4.5 stars is just down right perplexing!?! The should not get more than a 3, but generally 1-2. I sorta want to give it a 1, but the packaging is very pretty and aesthetically pleasing so I through in the extra point.<br /><br />I ordered these thinking that'd they'd be maybe a slightly better version of Baked Lays. Man was I wrong... I've tried most of the Baked Lays flavors, my go-to's at first were 1.) original baked lays and 2.) sour cream baked lays (since those are my favorite regular lays). But then  I discovered BBQ Baked Lays. And seriously, those are FANTASTICALLY great. BBQ Baked Lays are packed with SO much flavor.<br /><br />These Popchips taste like slightly burnt airpocket chips. Literally they do. Because they aren't as good as Baked Lays I can definitely see eating much less of them (which could be a benefit), but I say just use portion control-- and zip lock bag a bunch of Baked Lays.<br /><br />I'm trying to think of ways to go into more detail, but there's really not much more I can say.<br /><br />****SUMMARY****<br /><br />How do Popchips taste? Like slightly burnt air chips. (it's sort of a weird taste, takes ALOT of getting used to)<br /><br />Would I suggest buying them? No. If you're eager to try them, I say buy a bag from your local grocery store. A week or so after I ordered these on here I saw them at m local Krogers, so they're definitely expanding.<br /><br />Nutrition Information: 1 bag (.8 oz/ 23g) = 100 calories, Total Fat = 3g (5%), Sodium = 210 mg (9%), Total Carbohydrate = 16g (5%), Dietary Fiber = 1 g (4%), Sugar = 2g, Protein 1 g, Vitamin A , Vitamin C, Calcium, and Iron = 2 %.<br /><br />If you buy a big bag of BBQ Popchips and big bag of BBQ Baked Lays, here are the nutrition information side-by-side:<br /><br />**POP CHIPS:**<br />Serving Size: 1oz/28g/about 19 chips, Calories= 120, Total Fat = 4.5g (6%), Sodium 280mg (11%), Total Carbohydrate 20g (6%),<br />Dietary Fiber 1g (4%), Sugars 2g, Protein 1g<br /><br />**BAKED LAYS:**<br />Serving Size= 1oz/28g/about 19 chips, Calories = 120, Total Fat 3g (5%),  Sodium 210mg (9%), Potassium 230mg, Total Carbohydrate 22g (7%), Dietary Fiber 2g 8%, Sugars 3g, Protein 2g, Vitamin C 4%, Calcium 2%<br /><br />So these two are very close, but Baked Lays wins because it virtually has not sodium, since potassium 230mg offsets the Sodium 210mg, leaving 20g of Potassium. Plus there's more Fiber and more Vitamin C. And most importantly they taste better.<br /><br />I for one have to be careful about my sodium intake so the fact that Baked Lays has potassium in it is a huge benefit.<br /><br />At the end of the day make a decision for yourself, but I'd strongly advise you to purchase a bag from the store first. Maybe even compare your favorite flavor in both Baked Lays and Popchips... I can almost guarantee you that Baked Lays will win hands down.<br /><br />(Hopefully Amazon starts selling well-priced variety single-serve bags of Baked Lays soon. For now I found one from a seller, but the price seems a little high (but there are 40 bags instead of 20): <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003TVDHIO">Smart Mix Variety Pack, 30-Count: 7-Baked Lay's Classic, 6-Baked Cheetos, 6-Baked Ruffles, 6-Baked Doritos Nachos Cheese & 5-Rold Gold Tiny Twists (Pack of 2)</a> )
I have not ordered yet, my question is, from the description, it is 24 bags at 0.8 ounces. How does this equal 192 ounces in total weight?
I first tried the BBQ flavor at a restaurant, which was good. Then, I was carried away with the 1/2 fat part, which made me pay without realizing my mistake!<br /><br />The "Salt & Pepper" is OK! ONLY OK, after trying another one, I changed my mind!<br /><br />The "BBQ" is good, but not that good!<br /><br />The rest is pure trash! I did not like them, what-so-ever nor my other 4 friends!<br /><br />The price is wayyyyyy high, and not worth it for a small single serving, as others such as Utz is WAYYYY better and cheaper!<br /><br />3 starts is too much for this over-marketed, less of flavor, and over-priced snack!<br /><br />AVOID!<br /><br />2 stars off: bad flavors<br /><br />1 star off: PRICY AS SH**!, and not worth it!
I've tried using a toaster/microwave/confection oven/stove to make these things myself, but I wasn't able to. I even tried barbecuing but was unable to get the chips to "pop". I verified my methods with a local grocery store clerk named Mat (his name has one "T", which seemed a little strange to me), but to no avail.<br /><br />I contacted customer support asking for instructions but they acted aloof and confused about their own product! I don't know why they couldn't just mail, or at least email me some popping instructions.<br /><br />Luckily I think even raw/unpopped they taste pretty good. People look at them funny at first, but after they try a few they basically devour the whole bag, completely unpopped...
The flavors are kind of funky salt and pepper? Tastes like someone just pored a jar of black pepper over the chips and the salt and vinegar, thee two varieties just make one go yummm EWWWWWW tossed out those verities but the others were very good. Less chip and more like a cracker with a chip flavor. Still a good item but I wouldn't suggest the variety pack unless you living dangerous and have lots of water to gag them down with.
The 'Sun Chips' are an OK substitute for the usual potato, corn, whatever chip cooked in oil and over salted.  They are not nearly as un-palatable as I thought they would be.  Have added them to my 'heart healthy' diet regime.  All are good except for the 'multi-grain' style, which has the texture of a sheet of plywood.
I bought those chips after reading good reviews but I was very disappointed with the taste. It was nothing like what I expected (granted that I expected good old kettle cooked potato chips). I bought the 6-flavor variety pack and there were many flavors I did not care for. It was worth trying them but I am not going to purchase them again in the future.
Pop Chips are basically a horribly over-priced version of "Munchos" which are baked potato chips and have been around forever. Period.
I bought these chips thinking that they are "all natural" per their description of "No preservatives, no artificial flavors or colors."  When I received them I checked the ingredients, and they contain "yeast extract," which is synonymous with MSG (yeast extract contains processed free glutamic acid).  I will never purchase this product again.
the best flavor in this box is the salt and pepper and the bbq flavor.  all the other flavor was just so-so
I was at a charity fund raising event where they were handing these out. They seemed pretty tasty, so I bought a couple bags at Target. The ones I bought (Barbeque and Salt and Vinegar) were AWFUL! I ended up throwing away most of them, neither I nor anyone else who tried them could choke them down. The ones they were handing out as samples were clearly very different from what they are selling. Don't waste your money.
These chips taste average and they are insanely expensive compare to the big bags of chips from safeway or costco, for $2, you can get a big bag with 10 times the amount of chips compare to these 0.8oz bag chips, so for $5 in safeway, you can get $30 worth of popchips, these bags are so tiny, it's like serve size for fat people trying to lose weigh or something, for me, i never gain weigh, i rather go buy big bag of chips, these are expensive ripoff chips, will never buy again.<br />Maybe i think the price is high because i bought it from amazon.com, maybe elsewhere is cheaper, but chips as junk food, shouldn't be that expensive compare to local stores.
I'm not as crazed about these as everyone else, but for a low-calorie snack, they're fine.  They certainly don't do much to curb the appetite though. I'm typically just as hungry after finishing as before - not like with Protein Chips (also available through Amazon).
The texture is like rice crackers, which I personally don't like. Taste isn't too bad, but every single bags are too salty, even the original flavor. I'd give four stars if they make low sodium chips. The salt.. is one of your worst enemies. I bet it does more harms to your body than MSG's.
These chips are too salty!!!<br />I like the crunch, size of the bags, and variety.<br />But i cannot finish the case due to how salty these chips are.
The cheddar tastes a little weird, but that could be personal preference. The salt and vinegar is very strong, but tastes okay other than that.  Salt and pepper is yum!  Barbeque is good too.  Plain is plain.  If you're a die hard potato chip lover and don't care about calories, don't bother with these.  However, if you want your salty snacks and don't want all the calories, these work.  I'd buy them again.
I have been on weight watcher's for about 13 months.  I have lost 60 pounds.  The most important part to being on weight watchers is too find food items that let you feel like your not giving anything up.  Popchips do that for me.  They are only 2 points plus on weight watcher's.  They go great with every meal (salad,soup,sandwich,etc). I can not live without them.  So i say BUY BUY BUY AND BUY
Love these!  I'm not a fan of potato chips but these taste fresh and not at all greasy.  A little like Pringles but much tastier.
I am so happy to have discovered these chips. I hate stealing a phrase from another product, but they melt in your mouth. I have ordered and tried all flavors without disappointment.Just getting ready to place another order for these 100 calorie per bag, air popped chips. Do try them people!
This seemed like the perfect way to limit my addiction to potato chips. Small, single serving bags.  I really like the plain, unflavored Popchips, but the rest of the flavors had an aftertaste.  I plan to set up Subscribe & Save for just the plain.
Love the chips, nice 100 +/- calorie snack, reminds me of Munchos, but less greasy, flavors are good (salt & vinegar least favorite). And they've started shipping APO--thank you and my family thanks you (so they don't have to get the package and reship!) Made my day.
I won't get into all of the specifics of these chips as they are listed here on Amazon. However, I will talk about the product overall. It is very well packaged, the PopChips bags aren't flimsy or too loud. You don't have to worry much about these getting smashed while they're in a bag with heavier items. They hold their own. When trying new foods, snacks, flavors, I tend to purchase a variety pack so that I can sample everything. Let me tell you, these chips are packed with flavor but, it's not, in my opinion, too heavy or saturated. My favorites are the Barbecue Potato and Cheddar Potato by far. Very realistic, savory flavors. Then, there a couple that are not my favorite but, tasty with time. The Sea Salt and Pepper Potato and the Sea Salt and Vinegar Potato are a bit strong at first and, if you don't like those flavors, I would say you wouldn't like those chips but, they certainly accomplish the taste of those ingredients. Original Potato and Sour Cream and Onion Potato are also tasty but, nothing to necessarily rave about, for me at least. I would not call this a "diet" chip but, a healthy alternative to over processed chips. I saw a few complaints about the PopChips being "too salty" or "high in sodium". The chips can come across salty to a person who doesn't consume much salt but, per bag, these PopChips contain about as much sodium as a cup of plain yogurt. Overall, great buy. You just have to decide if the price tag is okay for you, and for me, it is.
Wow, these are remarkably tasty chips.  I discovered them through Weight Watchers and like the fact that they are low in calories and fat.<br />But they are high in flavor and umami.<br />I am now a big fan!
These are great because they're only 100 calories per pack and are just as good, if not better, than other chips out there.<br /><br />The "Original" style taste exactly like Munchos, but don't come with the high calorie count.  The other flavors (Sour Cream & Onion, Salt & Vinegar, Salt & Pepper, Cheddar, and BBQ) are all delicious, as well.
We liked these.  Quite good, even if they're 'healthy' @ 100 calories & 3 whole fat grams a bag. My favorites are the plain, the others are very strong flavored, very zippy!
I had seen these advertised on the Hungry Girl website but was not big on buying an expensive potato chip.  I was given a free bag at some event & found them to be tasty.  The single serve bags in the grocery store were $1 for a 0.8 oz bag.  Buy them from here and they are $21 for 24 1 oz bags. (Same amount of Weight Watchers points.) If you get two cases, shipping is free! Get them now before the states force the sales tax thing through!<br /><br />All of the flavors are really good.  I even liked the BBQ which I normally do not like in a chip. The cheddar have a good cheese taste and the salt'n'pepper have a kick. They do not leave a funny aftertaste or strange mouth coating like some of the other lower fat/calorie chips.
Love these chips.  They are perfectly seasoned and of course have no grease at all.  There is also not the cardboard taste of a baked chipped.  The popped texture of the potatoes is nice and light. They are only 100 calories a bag, but there are lots of chips in the bag so it's a great snack.  The ingredient list is also pretty wholesome without any strange chemicals added.  Fav flavor is probably salt and pepper or bbq.
I love chips and can easily go through an entire bag in one sitting. With Popchips single serve pouches, I can now feel good about snacking as each bag is only 100 calories. The single serve pouches also help in portion control. The larger bags are a slightly better value, but unless you have astounding self control, I would recommend the single serving option. They are that good! They easily stand up to any of the traditional fried chips I've ever had, and at half the fat and calories, how could you ask for anything more?<br /><br />The variety pack comes in 6 flavors: Original, Sour Cream and Onion, Salt and Pepper, Cheddar, Salt and Vinegar, and BBQ. My favorite flavors are Salt and Pepper and Cheddar. My least favorite is Salt and Vinegar, but I don't like ANY salt and vinegar flavored chip. My only wish is that this variety pack contained the Parmesan Garlic flavor which is VERY good, but extremely hard to find in local stores. I have ordered the Parmesan Garlic flavor in a 24 pack here on Amazon, but prefer the assortment that comes in the variety pack.<br /><br />At ~$17 after the subscribe and save discount, each bag costs only 70 cents. This is a bargain for these great tasting, healthy chips and I highly recommend you try them!
I was a little hesitant to try these, especially after reading such mixed reviews although overall they were positive. However, I liked the idea that they are healthier than regular chips and I figured they would be great for school lunches, quick snacks, etc. I decided to give them a try and figured if we did not like them, they could be donated.  I ordered a mixed case the first time around to see which flavors we liked more (or less) and thought that would give us a good sampling.  After deciding we liked most of the flavors, we decided to try other ones as well.<br /><br />Despite the flavor preferences, these chips do not taste like cardboard.  At first taste, they are a little crunchier and thicker than you might expect. I think this is a good thing, because it means they are not heavily-laden with oil.  The 0.8 oz bags are 100 calories each as well, which is much better than the other alternatives and gives you the enjoyment of chips without the extra calories, trans fat, etc.<br /><br />I have included a summary of opinions below from myself, friends and family for each flavor:<br /><br />Sea Salt & Vinegar - Great, the absolute favorite flavor for everyone<br />BBQ - Very good, I'm not crazy about BBQ to begin with but would say this flavor is "sweet" BBQ. Everyone else loved them.<br />Cheddar - Very Good, probably close in preference to the BBQ<br />Original Potato - Good, but a little salty (seems to fluctuate somewhat between bags)<br />Salt & Pepper - Good, everyone liked them but preferred other flavors more<br />Parmesan Garlic - Good, but overall was 50/50. You definitely taste more parmesan than garlic and most people were expecting the latter.<br />Sour Cream & Onion - Not so good, no one really liked these enough to want more or to even finish the bag<br /><br />I know taste is a very subjective thing, but I hope this review helps someone decide to give these a try. I did get them at a reduced price through subscribe & save, and shortly after my first order, Amazon had them on the Gold Box for an even better price.  I think the average price per bag came out to approximately forty six cents a bag and had free shipping under my prime account.
These are the greatest potato snack products I've found.  Only 2 points for Weight Watchers.  Really crispy and tasty.  All of the flavors are great.  My only complaint......it's difficult to open the little bags.  I need a pair of scissors, but I guess that keeps them fresher for longer so it's a great trade off.  I would recommend these chips to everyone.
I really like these chips.  They have a different texture than regular potato chips but I still find it really tasty.  Even my boyfriend, who is often averse to all things "healthy" and "low fat" will gobble these up rather quickly.  The variety packs are great because they allow you to have a little bit of everything, but of course the downside is that you may not like some flavors as much.  I find the original version to be a little bland by itself, and the sea salt and vinegar flavor might be too strong for some people.
I am potato chip-addicted. I don't only enjoy potato chips, but I also enjoy any type of potato product. This product really hit the mark for me.<br /><br />I consider these a full-fledged snack. Each bag is packed with chips. They are moderately seasoned, and full of flavor. The consistency is slightly like a popcorn cake -- but they're crisp and crunchy, not puffy. They have a distinct potato taste.<br /><br />The best part? Each bag clocks in at only 100 calories! And I repeat -- these are not a simple "100 calorie" snack. What you get here is a full bag of chips. What's great about the content vs. calorie content is that these are perfect to accompany your lunch without feeling guilty about eating a 200-300 calorie bag of chips.<br /><br />My personal favorites were the Sea Salt and Vinegar and the Original. The barbecue flavor is sweet, not smoky. The Salt and Pepper, Cheddar, and Sour Cream and Onion flavors are standard fair. But the chips are adequately and evenly seasoned and I did not notice differences in seasoning from one chip to the next.<br /><br />These are a great product, well manufactured, and a treat to eat. I'll definitely buy more of these in the future.
Wow, these chips are delicious!<br /><br />They're low in calorie and carb count. I can actually have a salty snack without feeling guilty about it and the taste is better then unhealthy oil-smothered grocery store chips.<br /><br />The sour cream & onion, salt & vinegar, and cheddar are my favorites!<br /><br />If you're weight conscience, want something healthy, or just want something that tastes good, buy these chips! You won't be disappointed!
This doesn't taste as addicting as the real fried potato chips, but it's still very good.<br />Considering it's low in calories and it's only popped..  it taste much better than the ones that are freeze dried.<br />These pops taste as light as the rice crispy treats, but with a good amount of flavor and crunch.<br />I like it, a small little pack that you can just grab when you feel like having something quick.<br />I keep then in my room in case if I ever get the cravings for chips.<br />All the flavors that come in are good too, no complains.<br /><br />The package also arrived fast and it's pretty cheap, I would recommend people who is watching calories to get this!
Bought these based on the glowing reviews (4 1/2 Stars), and the fact that they were heavily discounted from the regular price. First of all .8 oz. per bag equals about 15 or 16 chips per bag, which is not many. While this may be fine for those who are trying to cut back on calories, fat or sodium, the fact is that .8 of an ounce is not much, and that might tempt people to eat more than one bag at a time.  Due to the discounted price each bag was around $.55 each, not to bad until you figure that equals $10 per pound. At the regular price its about $16 per pound. As far as the taste, all of the flavors were good, none that I absolutely disliked, but none that really rocked my socks either. Bottom line, at the discounted price I paid I was not disappointed, but if I had paid the regular price for these I would have felt cheated.
It felt weird ordering 24 bags of chips off the internet that I had never even tried before, but I am SO GLAD I DID. They are delicious! I've tried 4 flavors so far & have loved each one. These are a win. :)
I actually purchased these. I myself find that they taste just like those like rice crisp with salt and flavoring. From the reviews I thought they was more like munchos. They are not. BBq to salty but if you like a little twang its ok. according to the family. Plain is horrible. Salt and vinegar was the best overall. My family gave it 3 stars i will stick to kettle chips-
We have these suto delivered.  They are a great healthy sub for potato chips and the snack bags are a perfect size.  Great crunch and we enjoy all the flavors.
These are my favorite chips! The BBQ and Salt & Pepper are the best!<br /><br />The texture of these things ROCK!<br /><br />All nicely packaged.<br /><br />Gluten free if you care. I don't but some have commented on that.
These chips are tasty and low in calorie.  If you are gluten free they are a great option as a to-go snack.  We love them.
The product arrived quickly. All bags and chips were in place...and safe ;-D These chips are delicious and only four WW points!
I like to take my lunch to work and this is perfect to give me just enough chips that I can munch on with my lunch. I love the flavors and the packaging is perfect. Worth the buy!  The price is right, the flavors are just what they want, portion size is good thus it's a win, win situation for me and them.
Overall the chips were very tastey. My pickey daughter even liked then so that is a real plus for me. Some flavors were better but all did meet my expectations. Try it and see for yourelf, Enjoy.
This chips are really good and it's fun getting the variety pack.  Now, are they as good as "regular" chips?  Probably not, but they're also not nearly as fattening and bad for you as regular chips.  Given that these are a healthier version if you want chips, I would highly recommend them!
I ordered this case of chips as a deal with some vita coco and it was a stellar deal. This size bag is perfect for snacking. The assortment of chips is great, there's something in there for everyone.
Love pop chips! The assortment package was a great find but would liked to be able to choose the flavor varieties I  wanted. Did not care for the sea salt and vinegar flavor but all the rest were great!
I really like the pop chips, but I do not like all the flavors. The only ones I like are the originals.  The rest of these flavors were really not good.  At least not in my family.  I gave them away to a senior center and most of the seniors didnt like them.  Sorry but it is a matter of taste and most things should stick to the originals, they are the best.<br /><br />This snack (originals) fits into my daily ww program for allot less money then snacks made for the programs specifically.<br /><br />I will continue to buy the originals and leave the others to others.
Delicious, light and full of flavor. It's difficult to decide what my favorite flavor is, but BBQ is amazing! I was impressed with the packaging, but I can't imagine it is too cost efficient or eco-friendly. That is my only complaint. Great product and guilt-free snacking.
Love these popchips.  They are all great.  Do not care for the salt & pepper flavors.  I wish manufacturer would come up with a variety pack that didn't include that flavor as that flavor is just wasted with each purchase I make (and I've made alot!).  The BBQ, Original, Salt & Vinegar and Sour cream & onion chips are superb!
I love Popchips. They may take some time getting used to if you're used to the oiliness of potato chips, but they're only 100 calories per bag. Buying a 24 pack saves you money per bag, but you're sooo tempted to eat them with so many bags around!
Good texture: they are crunchy and not sharp (will not cut mouth)<br /><br />Flavor: They do not taste like potato chips. If I had not just opened the bag I would suspect they were stale. But no this is how they taste. Many others have remarked about the odd flavor as well.<br /><br />Healthy: good for dieting I suppose, low oil, and low salt<br /><br />I will not be buying these again.
I'm very picky when it comes to chips. I've gone through so many, but this one really hits the spot. It has just the right amount of crunch, with just the right amount of flavor. It's also great to know that you're not eating something that's bad for you. With 100 calories a pack, it's definitely the ideal snack!
I loved this product, and it was better than what I thought it was going to be. My favorite was teh salt and vinger flavor (yum yum) but I hated the cheddar, and salt & pepper ones.
I am not going to lie. I will give you the strait dope. These things are like crack.<br /><br />I will polish off about 4-5 pages of these EASILY in a day (hence the freshman 50! that I have gained!) lol.<br /><br />If you love these, I suggest balancing them out with some kind of carb blocker.
+Really really tasty<br />+Much healthier than almost every other potato chip<br />+A variety of flavors, consider this a huge sampler<br /><br />-Sea Salt & Vinegar is crazy sour. Personally, I think they overdid it on the vinegar.<br />-It's hard to stop at one serving, but I take this as a sign of a good snack :P
My subscription of popchips arrived on time and not damaged.  I love the fact that I receive a great variety of chips which are healthier and at the same time very tasty and satisfying. The way the chips are packed for shipping is perfect! Having a subscription is the way to go and of course the price is so right!!!<br /><br />Thank you,
These were awesome!! They have a great crunchy texture and flavor and are very filling. I bought the variety pack to try all the flavors. Didn't care for the salt and pepper, but loved the rest. Will definitely buy more!
It is so wonderful to eat Pop Chips.  I am a loyal fan and will continue.  Tasty AND Healthy.<br /><br />/the flavors are good too and pleasing to everyone with their various choices.
what can I say... if you've had popchips in the past and love them... then no better place to pick them up... I love these chips and have bought them without an issue from Amazon.<br /><br />Thanks
I won them off a penny auction site. My 2 year old likes them plenty. I don't think there is any potato flavor, they taste more like ricecakes to me, but are ok. The salt and vinegar is strong holy cow!!
These chips arrived in terrible condition. The box they were sent in was a display box with all the usual perforations on the box for display. Why someone would send a box like that in the mail and not have put it in another real box is beyond me. The box we received was heavily taped to keep it together since the box came open on the display perforations and looked like someone had driven over the box as well, which gives you an idea of the shape of the box. The chip bags inside were pretty flat, there were no chips, but plenty of crumbs for any use you would need crumbs for. This is how many of the packages looked, flat. There were a few with edible chips, but not many. Not sure what to think of shipping chips in this type of a box, common sense should have been used??
Next time I will order only the original flavor.  The other flavors did not suit me.  Too much of an aftertaste.
I do love PopChips. They work well with weight watchers, taste great and the crunch can't be beat. This pack has many flavors, with the salt and vinegar being my favorite, my husband loves the salt and pepper and my kids like original and cheddar.<br /><br />The one I miss is Sweet Potato. It is by far my favorite of the whole lot of flavors, but aren't included in this variety pack.
I was looking for a quality, low points (Weight Watchers (WW)), crunchy, salty snack.  I cannot stay on a diet if I feel deprived. WW's website had a coupon for these pricey chips.  Never had a "popped" chip before, so I gave it a whirl.<br /><br />Wow, the best crunch and flavor of all reduced-calorie chips I have ever tried.  Better than other brands' popped chips I have tried since.  I need portion control help and these little bags for 3 points do it for me.  The variety pack helps to break up any monotony.  My favorite flavor is the BBQ.  I am not a vinegar kinda guy.  The Salt and Vinegar flavor tastes like feet to me.  Love the rest of the flavors.  I love salt, so the saltiness is just right for me.  Thank goodness my blood pressure is not an issue.  I need these snackies.<br /><br />Lost 30 pounds so far in 3 months eating these.  Will probably buy them by the case in the Amazon auto order system to save on shipping.  I guess I plan on being a life-long fan. ...until something better comes along.
These are such a treat when you are craving that salty, crunchy snack. And the multi-box where you get a variety of flavors is perfect. Share it with son so they don't get stale but not much chance of that.  One of my "3 Points plus" Weight Watchers Snacks that I don't run out of!
The only flavor we could stand was the barbecue (which was the reason we purchased them in the first place)!  I had to give the others away!!!  I won't be buying this again for lunches although the size/packaging was great.  I just wish the other flavors tasted better (plain, salt, pepper, etc., weren't really kid-friendly).
Got these at a fraction of the price that they charge at the grocery store. This was a great buy. Thanks, Amazon!
These taste alright, but they are health food by no means. At least regular potato chips are just greasy potato slices. This products is made of processed potato by-product and is natural by no means. The calorie savings isn't even significant enough to give up the better taste of potato chips. Also keep in mind that the healthiest part of a potato chip is the oil (if eaten in moderation) because of the healthy dose of balanced fats. In my opinion if you want a healthy chip eat sun chips or a cracker like triscuits. If you want a potato chip eat a real potato chip. If you feel these taste better than the above, then by all means enjoy, but don't be tricked into believing these are healthy at all.<br />Overall 4 stars for taste and 2 stars for the marketing scam that they are.
I have subscribed these chips. They are so tasty. Not dry or oily. Cannot put it down once open a bag and have to have two bags in a row.
I love these chips. They are so delicious, it is so hard to eat just one bag. All the flavors allow you to taste them all.  My favorite flavor is the cheese ones. Go ahead and try them.  They are so delicious.
I purchased these because I was hoping for a healthy alternative to chips. Well, they're fairly healthy: absolutely no oily residue on the hands and very light and airy. However, I just couldn't get over the taste, which I can only liken to slightly burnt popcorn. If that undercurrent of "burnt" flavor wasn't there, these might have been more palatable, but my taste buds kept zeroing in on that one aspect. Also, the seasonings weren't consistently strong. Cheddar was o.k. Bbq was probably the closest match to regular potato chips...the flavor was straight from a bag of Lays. However, I was very disappointed with the Sour Cream and Onion which was just too light in flavor and the Vinegar and Salt which didn't have as strong a tang as I would have liked.<br /><br />Overall, I would recommend these to someone who wanted to eat healthy and didn't mind a watered down version of a fried chip. However, I just couldn't stomach them. I gave away the unopened bags to coworkers (none of which were impressed either but they're not on diets...lucky dogs). For now, I'll stick with my baked goldfish and bunny crackers.
I found these chips originally at a local market.  However, I have been unable to find them since.  WHEW!  what a relief when I was able to locate them.  These chips have so much flavor, they're not greasy and they are crunchy.  I am a chip-a-holic and these are by far the best chips I have ever eaten.
These chips are great. Delicious and are healthier than your regular deli store chips. I have first purchased these from a supermarket and found them delicious. I found amazon to have them cheaper, and ordered from them as they had more variety of flavor. All the flavors were to my liking. The only con about this is that THEY ARE ADDICTING!!!. You are warned! I purchased these through Amazon.
these are the best chips ever. I will buy them again, wish more stores had them.The plain chips are my fav.
These chips taste so dry and gross, I would rather eat carrots or something than these. They just didn't satisfy the salty craving and weren't worth the calories.
I'm sort of a health nut who has weened myself off highly-palatable junk food. Junk food is delicious but it ain't good for you. Conversely, healthy food has a bad rep for being disgusting but I honestly think that it's just something that requires training and acclimatization.<br /><br />I really like PopChips. They don't taste absolutely amazing to be honest but if you're someone who is trying to kick junk food out of your diet, this is a good way to fulfill a craving without succumbing to unhealthier junk foods. Each bag is only 100 calories, which is very helpful for portion control.<br /><br />For me, the taste is great. It's not amazing but it isn't awful. Sure there are better tasting chips out there but how much more unhealthier are they?<br /><br />I've tried small bags of PopChips from the vending machine (which I recommend doing before you buy a case). I haven't tried all over the flavors until I bought the case and I was a little disappointed with half of the flavors in the box. Fortunately, my boyfriend and I disagree on what tastes good so he likes the flavors I don't like and vice versa. It works out great for us and probably will work out great for family situations and parties where people usually don't have the tastes. However, if you plan on consuming these bags on your own over time I can almost guarantee that there will be a couple flavors that you won't like and it might just be worth it if you just buy a couple bags of flavors you do like.<br /><br />If you're not accustomed to the taste of 'healthy' food, you might not enjoy these at first. Either way, pop chips are worth a try. Probably not by the case though. i recommend trying out a few flavors if you can find a small bag at the shop or vending machine before you buy a big box of them.
I bought these to try them out and for the most part it was a success. There are 6 different flavors of chips. 5 of them were really good. The last one though was not. The salt and vinegar ones were very vinegary and it was too bitter for our tastes. Maybe some people like it but not us. All in all though, they were mostly very good in both taste and caloric content.<br />I would definitely buy a box with the flavors that I wanted.
This practically falls under the category of healthy snack - well, almost.  Single serving bags mean you won't be overeating and the fact that these aren't in anyway greasy because of the way they are made is a huge plus.  Nice crisp crunch.  The bags are filled with air, which for the most part do a good job of keeping the chips whole.  On the case that I got, though, two bags containted nothing but broken bits.  Of the rest most only had a couple of broken chips - some no broken ones at all.  I also noticed that you don't find nearly as much coating from flavoring on your fingers as I've experienced when eating other chips.<br /><br />Purchasing it by the case to try out all of the flavors is a good idea and a decent value.  Some of the flavors are incredibly strong, to the point that I don't like them, so I won't be ordering this mixed case again.  Salt and Pepper just tasted like pepper, making this a very hot tasting chip.  The Seasalt and Vinegar is really strong on the Vinegar, which is a taste I don't enjoy.  I love BBQ flavored chips, but again, this was kind of strong.  I probably wouldn't purchase the BBQ ones in the future, but wouldn't say no if someone offered them to me.  The Original is really bland compared to these others, but not bad.<br /><br />The ones I liked the most were the Sour Cream & Onion and the Cheddar, both with milder flavors.<br /><br />I'd give this 5 stars if I liked all of the flavors.  Definitely high marks for the type of chip and the size of the serving and the fact that you can try all of the flavors in one order.
Yes people, these things are healthier than the average chip and not only have flavor, but they taste good! I am not a big health food person, I'll take the grease if it makes it taste better. These are 100x better than those baked chips. My brother tried them while he was visiting and liked them so much it was one of the things he asked I mail him while deployed. Only draw back to these chips, they are definitely not for dipping.
Tried the BBQ Popchips for the first time and loved them so got the value pack to try more flavors. Loved them all except the salt and pepper chips which weren't that great. Good healthy snack without giving up the taste. So glad I discovered these! Salt and vinegar are my favorite! 100 cal/bag, 3.5g fat/bag
The chips were delicious. I didn't care much for the vinegar flavored chip but the other flavors were great. Didn't have any guilt eating this healthier snack.
I eat a bag of these every single day!  They are the best tasting good for you snack! Everyone should at least try them and you will be hooked.
Cheetos ever since I was kid were one of my favorite snacks,I mean who wouldn't like them? You can't go wrong with the original but decided to give this one a try. I'm not a fan of unbearably hot foods but I do like things with with a kick and since this had Jalapeno in it I was assuming it was hot...not so much. If you eat mildly hot foods this shouldn't bother you at all and definitely not if you like hot kind of food. I didn't even find them hot just have a unique kick of cheddery Jalapeno flavor. I would recommend to buy these at your local store if they carry them because this price on here is just insane, i buy mine for a little over 3 dollars for this bag. Overall I hope they decide to keep this one, cause they are amazing. And yes girls like these kind of snacks too :)! Love!
For you spicy lovers, these jalape&ntilde;o Cheetos are for you. The taste is great and I admit I did not expect them to be this good. One day I picked up a small bag at the corner store and by the end of the week I had about 4 empty bags in my Trash cans. Office snack a must! Unfortunately this product is too good to last and I fear it will meet the same fate as Wasabi Funyuns. Rarely does a spicy type of chip that actually tastes awesome become part of the standard sale roster. So enjoy these Awesome Jalape&ntilde;o Cheetos for as long as they last.
These are quite tasty and delicious, I love them....BUT the prices here are RIDICULOUS!!! Did I say Ridiculous? Oh So RIDICULOUS!!! But Im here to rate the product not the price...5 Stars for the Product.
A little costly but they are good and fresh too, not stale at all. Would recomend to any Cheetos fan.
I bought this because I had been seeing this pod in magazines and other places. I thought it would be a great addition to my fridge to save money on cilantro. However, this is very poorly designed. I could not open it whats-or-ever, even after searching through reviews after reviews. Finally, my genius boyfriend found the solution! Basically, you will need to open it from the BOTTOM. You will need to squeeze the two sides next to the cap in order to open it. You will have to be careful when you are opening or closing it while there's water in the pot. If any one who is reading this still having problem opening it. Let me know. I'll try to explain it better there. But anyway, this is a pretty useless product for its productivity, but a bit more useful if you are too lazy to make your own, and wants a prettier fridge. You can make you own with a cup (or any container) filled with a bit of water and wrapped in plastic bag with the herb....(so unless you have money to waste, don't buy this useless pot).
This product works great for me.  I hate spending money on herbs just to use a little and have the rest go bad shortly after.  I put some herbs (mostly basil) in here and they were fresh for a few weeks!  No leakage probs either, the bottom is clearly labeled to twist to lock and the plug stays flush.<br />This thing has already paid for itself in money saved and looks pretty cool in my fridge and on the counter when I'm ready to cook.
I have had my herb savor for a few weeks now, and I was waiting to write a review until my herbs went bad, so I could tell you how long it takes, but it never happened. For the first time ever, I used all of the herbs before they went bad. I have not had any problems with leaking. Everything closes up nice and tight on mine. Plus, this thing just looks really cool!
I bought this as a gift for my mother. She likes it but says it is hard to open. When she unwrapped it I remember having to help her figure out how to open it. It took me a minute. If you have arthritis you won't be able to pry this open!
I have had the herb pods for about 6 months.  They are a great concept, but have a poor design. The plastic cover is very hard to take off and snap back on.  I'm  constantly afraid that I'm going to break it.  The pods do keep herbs fresh for several weeks in the fridge as long as you replace the water.  Unfortunately I don't use them half of the time I buys herbs because they are more trouble than they are worth.
With no clear instructions on how to open and close the unit, the first few times are an act of frustration.  When I finally realized that if I grip with my thumb and forefinger over the clear plastic shield, about one third from it's bottom and squeeze the sides, the bottom lip pops out nicely.<br />I will agree that this size is too small for most popular herbs like parsley, basil ect.  The company does now make a larger unit and it looks like it is more user friendly.<br />All in all I like it, I took away one star for the lack of instructions.<br /><br />3/2012: After a few months I have thrown this thing away.  It became increasingly harder to open and the size was just too small for the herbs I use most.  I have seen some newer, larger units that don't have the issue with opening it like this one has...I'm going to order one of these.<br /><br />I no longer recommend this unit and have lowered it to 2 stars.
Despite reading the reviews of others on how hard this was to open, I was confident I knew the secret so would be fine. Not so. No matter what I did, couldn't pop off the clear plastic lid. Instructions showed the bottom part screwing off, didn't. Husband couldn't even do it and he opens everything for me. He finally got it open, only held about half of the aspargus which is what I wanted it for so tossed it in the garbage and then bought one from Progresso that we both can open. Note to self, pay MORE attention to what people are saying.
The reviews on this are so true. Great idea, but such a pain to pop the clear lid off from the side, even once I figured it out. I keep waiting for it to break in my hands because it does take some pressure to pop off the lid - but it feels fragile and likely to break with too much pressure. I would consider buying one of the new designs that seem sturdier and open from the top (not the side).
I've had trouble storing fresh basil because I learned a long time ago not to put it in the fridge.  My cat is attracted to anything in the plant family (with disasterous results).  This keeps my basil fresh and the cat ignores it!
I rarely write reviews, but these pods are so awful, I was hoping to save even one person from wasting their money like I did.  The little green plug barely stays in -- even after twisting it -- so the water is always sloshing out.  And the clear plastic cover is absolutely the worst design.  It is nearly impossible to remove and actually snapped into shards when I tried to open one of the pods.  (And I can attest that those plastic shards are sharp!)  If you are able to actually open the pod, be prepared for the water to splash out from the bottom.  Even if the pods actually worked well and preserved the herbs (which they don't really do), they would not be worth the aggravation or cost.  Like another reviewer said, just put your herbs in a cup with a little water in the bottom and a plastic bag covering the top.  Works perfectly and costs nothing.  Please don't waste your money on this!
I've had a couple of these for a few years but find that I don't use them all that often because their size & design limits their usefulness. For bushy herbs like cilantro or parsley it only holds a small bunch, and it's difficult to keep the bunch together while you snap the lid back on. Since the bottom cup is so shallow herbs tend to flop out the front unless you lay the pod down when first filling it. It works great for asparagus, but only for small-ish bunches and if the spears aren't too tall.<br /><br />More often than not I simply use a canning jar + 1/2" of water with a plastic bag over the top, which keeps the contents just as fresh and allows for easier access. These pods do look much nicer in the fridge than a bag-topped-jar, however, and the clear front makes it harder to forget what's in there.<br /><br />They are definitely well made and not prone to leaking or tipping over. And the little drain port is fun to use.<br /><br />But it only works for small bunches.
I got one of these for XMAS...and to be honest it does work well and does extend the life of your fresh herbs while providing an attractive container.<br /><br />The main problem is the container is difficult to open. It does get easier over time but whoever designed this thing should not have made it so hard from the get go.<br /><br />The thing is its very easy to open when there is nothing inside it as you can you use as much force as needed open it (you don't need to open the bottom....just squeeze the sides and pull the plastic cover up and out FIRMLY). Don't worry...you won't break it. It is pretty sturdy plastic.<br /><br />The real issue is when it is filled or has water in it...its difficult to use that much force and popping it open without spilling.<br /><br />I've just resorted to emptying the water reservoir through its fill port....then popping it.<br /><br />PREPARA...please read these reviews and improve on the next design!!!
Even with the tips shared on how to open it, it's still pretty difficult to open.  I guess I have weak hands. My husband usually has to open it for me, and even he doesn't do it with ease.  I would recommend getting the larger Prepara herb savor instead of the pod.  It's much easier to open and can hold more.  I could hardly fit any cilantro in the pod (considering that the grocery sells them in such large bunches and I only use half).
Saw this on Oprah's favorite things and thought it would make a great little Christmas gift for my friends that love cooking as much as I do. Since they come in packages of three, I kept one and gave two away. I couldn't open mine to clean it, so my husband had to open it and he had a hard time. I thought it was just too tight from the factory. My basil looked great after ten days. But when I went to use the basil, I could not open the pod. Husband not home...neighbor not home...dog missing thumbs. I tried lightly rapping it against the counter edge and the seam cracked right down the middle. (Okay, maybe a little harder than 'lightly,' I was pretty frustrated.) Luckily I had emptied the water, so I only had a small mess to clean up. The pod went into the garbage...forcefully. I checked with my friends. Friend #1 had the same problem and her pod is now a rooting capsule for plant clippings because she had to throw away the clear cover...it also broke when she squeezed the pod to try to open it. Friend #2 has now been warned. There were no special tips included on how to open the pod and judging from comments I've read, we're not the only ones who have had this problem. I think this was designed by the same guy that invented the  security wrapping/tape on music CDs! I've gone back to my old method...a wide-mouth mayo jar with pretty hair band holdingdown a circle of fabric...it works!
I wanted very much to like this product, but after using it for more than 9 months, I just can't. The clear plastic cover is very difficult to get off, especially when the pod is filled with water. It's also difficult to get the cover on, especially when you're trying to store bushy herbs like parsley or cilantro. The o-ring that is supposed to seal the bottom of the pod doesn't seem to seat correctly. After removing the bottom of the pod to clean out dirt left behind from some rooted herbs, I've never again been able to get it to be water-tight. Consequently, every time I use my pod,I have to store it in a bowl or else I'm mopping up water from my fridge shelf. On the plus side, the leaky bottom helps to remind me to change the water every day!
My wife bought me this for storing fresh herbs and despite initial skepticism I gave it a try. It seemed to work well enough for basil, even freshening up some wilted leaves... but the "seal the deal" moment was when I put some fresh thyme in it and put it in the back of my refrigerator where I mostly forgot about it. 6 weeks later (we were gone for 2 weeks on vacation) I opened it and the thyme was as fresh as the day it was cut. I doubt it would sustain all greens for this long but the fact that it kept thyme fresh for over a month longer than a plastic bag in the produce drawer would have made this an easy $10 to justify.<br /><br />It's always a nice surprise when a kitchen gadget delivers the goods.
I bought one of these about 4 or 5 months ago - and I LOVE it!  I have kept a combination of Rosemary, Thyme and parsley.  They have all kept fresh for more than 4 WEEKS!  No brown spots, no rotten leaves - just perfect.<br /><br />I Highly recommend this product - no problems with leaks or the plug not holding.
I am a college student who loves to cook and this was given to me about 4 months ago. I am so impressed with its ability to keep my herbs fresh for such a long period of time. It not only gives more options when I am cooking by having fresh herbs available, but also, its easy to clean, and stores easily in my small fridge. I really think this is a must have product for EVERYONE!<br /><br />And if interested in a larger one, I attached a link to the company site (Prepara), where you can see all their cool and innovative products.<br /><br />[...]
I've been told that the refrigerator of the future will have herb/vegetable/salad bins inside to grow vegetables and I thought the Prepara Herb Savor Pod looked like the perfect precursor. Wrong. The detachable bottom comes loose continually and leaks water everywhere. Similarly, the plastic plug at the back does NOT hold. A good idea, a nice-looking product, but poorly executed. Refrain from purchasing -- plastic bags are MUCH, much better.
I threw this away after about a week of ownership.  Couldn't get the clear plastic cover on and off without spilling water all over, and half the time, I couldn't get it off at all.  It only works for long stemmed herbs, and all need to be about the same height.
Actually saves my basil and cilantro for an extra week or two. Thats enough reason for me to buy! Before my basil and cilantro would last only a couple days and I would have to toss them out. This saves me money and a trip to the market!
The Prepara Herb Savor Pod is advertised holding asparagus. That was why I purchased it, thinking it would be good for keeping asparagus fresh. In reality the pod will hold very few spears and they would need to be quite thin and short.  The ad is misleading. I'll keep it for storing herbs, but asparagus is out of the question.
I got this in my Christmas stocking from my stepfather.  We're both foodies, and try to cook like chefs in our homes.  I love this product.  I use this one for scallions/green onions which until recently always went bad before I could use all of them.  Sometimes I threw out more than 5, most times 2 or 3, but I honestly cannot remember the last time I used every single one.  That is, until now.  Inside the savor pod, they grow and keep for weeks (easily more than 3).  I am planning on buying the set of mini savor pods so I can actually use them for fresh herbs - storing my herbs in the same container as my onions is not a good idea.  The only drawback with this product is that the clear plastic cover is a little tricky to remove as others have mentioned, but wrestling with it is OK with me so long as I can use all my product before it goes bad.
After I enptied the can, I noticed it was black in an area at the top of the can and appeared to be corroded. Of course I was afraid to eat the fruit, so I threw it away. I am waiting for a response from Native Forest to ascertain the type of metal can and if it is harmful. One would expect if they went to the effort to be certified as organic, they would use safe canning. I will post an addendum w/ their response.
After reading a previous review I carefully inspected the cans when they arrived. The cans were immaculate and very clean so I felt relieved. After cooling in the fridge I ate the first can. The fruit was very mushy and not attractive to look at and frankly a disapointment but did not taste rotten per say. Only minutes later though my mouth felt like acid was eating at it and was very painful for hours even after washing out my mouth. I eat much canned and fresh fruit and this was a first for me. Only days later my teeth and gums were infected and I had to go to the dentist for the pain was so bad. He found infection and I had to undergo a treatment of antibiotics and painkillers before I was finally ok again after about 2 weeks. SHEESH! Needless to say I threw out the remaining cans of fruit! The problem must be at the source as the cans and packaging were 1st rate and shining clean. Quality control must really suck. I'm all for natural but great care must be taken so contamination is avoided. This is a foreign product and their health standards may be lacking there. I would stay far away from this stuff if you value your health!
This product was a complete disappointment. Tastes like mushy pineapple. There was no papaya taste.
I will never buy this item again!! I was addicted to it until the last order!! Fruits had foul smell, tasted rotten!! Was the expiration dates forged!?
I was amazed at how good this is for canned fruit (which I normally won't touch).  In particular I adore papayas and mangos.  The fruit juice instead of syrup is also very nice.  The easy pull-top on the can makes this a great item to stash in my desk drawer at work, so that I can have a fruit snack easily even if I was too busy or forgot to bring lunch.  So far I haven't gotten a can that had any problems.  The watermelon isn't crunchy - of course not! - but it's good, and certainly not "slimy".
This is great chilled and topped with fresh whipped cream.  It is my husband's new favorite dessert.<br /><br />I don't find the texture off-putting.  Of course, is isn't as crunchy as fresh fruit, but the taste is great.<br /><br />If I can get my husband to eat fruit instead of ice cream it gets an A in my book!
I tried Tropical Pineapple it was delicious. I gave a bad review for Tropical Fruit Salad becuase it had watermelon and pineapple in it I think the two of these were competeing for the flavor. I see now thats what I think it was, probably not a bad product at all. Sue
My 1 yr old Granddaughter, and I cannot get enough.<br />and it is good for you!
This fruit would be fine if it were not for the soft slimey textured watermelon and some other fruit that is in this can that is just slimey and icky. There are certain fruit that shouldn't be canned, and otherwise the crunchy pieces are fine. Much of the soft fruit I had to discard. Albeit, this item is good frozen and added to other fruit to make smoothie's then you don't have to taste the slime.
EDIT:  I just noticed each bag is only 1.76 pounds, not 2.2.  My review is not 2 stars instead of three.<br /><br />First off, as you can probably guess by the pictures, these are sour gummies.  That isn't said in the description.  Also, each one is about 2 to 2 1/2 inches in length and 1/2 inch wide.<br /><br />Texture and flavor:  The came to me soft and with the same texture as most gummies such as peach rings.  The sourness is average, not overwhelming but not too little.  Where I took off the 2 stars was the flavor (most important part).  As I chewed them, a few different flavors hit my tongue, none of which tasted that great.  I couldn't make out any of them in-particular (not good at that anyways) but the combination was just plain strange.<br /><br />I could see myself getting through one bag but will probably give the other 3 away to nephews/niece.  After all, they will eat anything sugar coated right?
I'm a big fan of the Dirty Martini - but I simply can't eat enough olives to keep up!<br /><br />Love this stuff - Not quite as tangy as Dirty Sue, but still very vibrant.
We have reorderd this product many times...makes a great dirty martini..delivery is prompt, product well packed
This is an excellent product.  We always ran out of olive juice before we ran out of olives when making dirty martinis.  Now we have a terrific source for great tasting olive juice and our dirty martinis have never been better!
the last case (a different brand)we ordered from Amazon was so terrible we threw away the entire case.  However, the Boscoli brand is very good and we can enjoy a good dirty martini.
What are the white flecks floating in my recently ordered bottles of Dirty Martini Olive Juice?
If you like Bloody Mary 's and dirty martinies this is a must. You won't be sorry. I'm so glad I found this product.
This stuff is outragous. It is simply the best olive juice on the market. I tried another brand and it did not come close to Boscoli. This stuff is actually better than the olive juice that comes from the jar of olives. I would highly recommend this product.
I've tried a few different 'Dirty Martini' mix's, etc. but I prefer the actual juice from the olive jar. Well, as any experienced dirty martini drinker knows; you soon have way too many olives and not enough juice. Boscoli Family Dirty Martini Olive Juice is the real thing. I usually buy 4 of the 25oz. bottles and that'll last me several months. Shipping is pricey but the bottles come not only packed in peanuts but also bubble wrapped. They pack 'em in a sturdy cardboard box and tape it up real well. I live in a rural area and usually get my order in about 4 days. Fantastic experience all the way around.
He never has enough juice left over from his jar of olives, we therefore end up with more olives then we can eat, just buying the juice makes alot of sense.
Excellent service & price for the product, order shipped quickly & received in good condition. Will be ordering again as long as the price stays this good. You really can't beat the price.
I purchased this item because it was cheaper than other olive juices. i was looking for a good quality olive juice for martinis. i was pretty disappointed. the juice is very strong. i followed the instructions and put the ratio on the bottle into the shaker and made a martini. the ratio was 2 part vodka to 1 part olive juice. it was way too salty. the olive juice was over powering. i made a decent dirty martini with 2 parts vodka 1/4 part olive juice. i would not recommend this item.
The olive juice I purchased was not only inexpensive, but has a great flavor.  I have looked for a long time to buy olive juice for martinis, but I could not find anyone that carried it.  thanks Amazon.
This product is great if you want a dirty martini, I highly recommend this product and it saves you from buying olives and wasting just to get the brine.
Ordered this a few months ago only to find it is just basically lactic acid.  Read the ingredients.  The main label says olive juice by no such thing.  I am going to suggest that Amazon take this off the website.
This product is simply for cheap liquor since taste and quality is not important!  I prefer to drink my Grey Goose straight; however, on occasion it is absolutely delicious with a very tiny splash of olive juice.  This product was a a quick fix for me to stop purchasing olives in order to use the juice.  It's not worth it!!  The after taste is worse!!
We use and buy sea salt instead of regular salt like sea salt came as promised in good condition have nothing else to say
Sea salt is more easily administered with a salt mill. This is just a salt shaker that delivers uncontrollable amounts of sea salt and anti-caking agent into your food, and no iodide. The anti-caking agent isn't event that effective, so the salt either comes out in clumps or gets stuck at the exit. Stay away!
Love this Balance Blend of Oils , especially in mix batters such as : Pancake , Cornbread ,Cake , Etc... , a good oil to ingest !
I used to buy these at World Market however they discontinued them :(<br />So I am forced to buy them online!  The rose and violet flavors are good however I did not like the anise flavor because they were too strong and licorice tasting for me.<br /><br />I carry these in my purse to freshen my breath and they are really good.<br />Also the tin is very cute.
Can't live without these little jewels.  Not only is there a surprise in the middle, but it takes me right to the French countryside while enjoying them.
A family favorite.  These are really unique treats.  The wonderful taste of flowers.  The violet and rose are great.  Orange blossom wasn't to my liking.  The company that makes them have been around for hundreds of years.  They are made in a small French town that was featured in a movie called "Chocolat."
I love these.  I love any floral flavored product. The best part is when people ask for a mint or candy or whatever,  offer these but don't tell the flavor.  The reactions are YouTube worthy.
This candy tasted like sugar without much rose flavor at all.<br /><br />I ended up throwing most of it out because I don't like so much sugar.... I prefer strong flavors like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001KYOENE">Altoids Twin Pack Mints, Wintergreen 2 tins</a><br /><br />The center of the candy does have a licorice flavor because it's an anise seed.  But there are better licorice candies out there like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029JTZLK">Twizzlers Twists, Black  Licorice, 1-Pound Bags (Pack of 6)</a>.
I ordered these candies for the first time and I am hooked, they just have a hint of rose the flavor is not overwhelming. I really enjoy them. Highly recommended! Unique candy!
The flavor of this natural sea salt is more nuanced and a bit richer than the typical table salt we're all accustomed to, although describing such subtleties is difficult.<br /><br />One noteworthy fact is that this salt contains less sodium than conventional table salt - 330mg per 1/4 teaspoon, versus 590mg per 1/4 teaspoon of conventional table salt.<br /><br />Another thing to keep in mind is that this natural salt is NOT iodized.  As our thyroid glands require trace amounts of iodine, it may not be wise to entirely eliminate iodized salt from your diet.
i like it and i find the grinder bottle to be very convenient. i like the taste of it and i would definitely buy it again, and considering its healthy use for sure.
I bought this because my husband wanted to try the French sea salt as it was recommended on a cooking show.  The grinding mechanism works well and he seems to like it.  I did not realize, however, that it is not "iodized" and that may be a concern for some folks who need to make sure they take in enough daily iodine.
I really liked the taste. It is well priced too. It is a great and healthy alternative to table salt. I even used it on salad.
I have never had sea salt before but the 95% sodium free got to me.  It has to be an acquired taste because I don't really like it --- perhaps if I used it regularly I would not want to go back --- and, perhaps if the salt came from other seas around the world it might taste different as well...
The pork chops from Omaha Steaks were very tasty but at the same time exceptionally dry. Pork is usually dry meat but these were to the extreme. Possibly shipping them frozen and keeping them frozen was partly the problem.
This is a fabulous gift! I ordered 3 and kept one to try-and they are awesome! The presentation is great, chocolates delicate, creamy, crunchy, and tasty, easy to eat, not heavy. For a mass produced line, this is a real winner. Better than most out there in its price range. Love the 3 different flavors. Will buy again. Great hostess gift.
I ordered this for a friend at South Carolina for Christmas, i want her to try some Italian chocolates, lol!<br /><br />The item was arrived earlier than expected, but, nevertheless, it was well packed and only melts on her mouth, she totally loves it.<br /><br />Three different taste and flavors of Ferreros guarantees to give three different yummy joy, Mmmmm....
This item was received early.  It was packaged well and in excellent shape!  This was a gift and I am sure it will be received well.  After all, Ferrero chocolates..what's not to like!!!<br /><br />Thanks for the excellent service.  Would use this seller again and would highly recommend!!
I bought this as my first pack of K-cups, its definitely a good buy! Assortments are always a little more expensive, this one is very well priced. you get 6 of each and one of them only has 5, thank god they picked decaf for the small one! Great coffee, if I hadn't discovered club keurig I would still be buying these!
I too was a little disappointed with the mix of the Donut Sampler. In my case I had 12 of the 35 were decaf.  But I guess this is what you get when you purchase a sampler pack through the Amazon warehouse deals section.  All the k-cups had a best used by date of 6/2012.  I was happy about that atleast.
I have had the regular Donut House coffee before and enjoyed it, but I had never had the flavored kind.  I was looking for a sampler pack to so my roommate and I could try the flavors as well as get some of the regular stuff.  I don't drink decaf, so I knew that some of this pack would not be used.  I figured that the rest of the cups would make up for the loss on the decaf.  I was wrong.  This "Sampler" pack was a joke.  18 of the cups were decaf, and 15 of them were the standard house brew.  I got 1 cup of Chocolate Glazed Donut and 1 cup of Cinnamon Roll.  Now, I will not be using most of the K-cups in this package because it was, again, MOSTLY DECAF!!!!!  This is what they consider a sample pack:<br /><br />8 Donut House Regular<br />9 Donut House Decaf<br />7 Donut Shop Regular<br />9 Donut Shop Decaf<br />1 Donut House Chocolate Glazed Donut<br />1 Donut House Cinnamon Roll<br /><br />Some sample.....
My husband just bought a Keurig coffe maker. In the box was samples, his favorite was Donut Shop. I ordered the 35 K-Cup for him. I was so disappointed, out of the 35 k-cups 11 were decaf, giving me 6 k-cups of each of the 4 flavors.<br />I also ordered the Wolfgang Puck sampler, I got 12 flavors 4 each. How cool is that!<br />I would order Donut Shop again, just not the sampler.
I ordered this because I have had the Donut Shop coffee before and really enjoyed it and wanted to taste some of the other flavors they offered.  After receiving my order of the "sampler" pack, I was very disappointed! Over half my order was decaf coffee and I only got 2 cups of the flavored coffee; which was the main reason I ordered it.  I love this coffee but am disappointed in the so called sampler pack or "the lack of variety" pack!
I got this on the warehouse deal so I wasn't expecting much. However, be advised you will get NO regular Donut Shop and instead you will receive over half of the box as decaf. I love the flavors of all of these though, so that's ok. But I will think hard about getting another variety pack.
We'll see how these work out in our family over time. I'm not sure that I am disciplined enough to make good use of them, although it might be a good technique for teaching my dog. They appear to be good for what they are, a very tiny, but healthy, reward. Right now I can visualize them being used as a reward for following commands, a training tool. I was surprised at how tiny these treats were. They seem to taste good enough, but they are miniscule! They are just a fraction longer than a small paperclip and about half as wide, maybe 1/4 as thick.<br /><br />My dog was a little annoyed, but took it when I gave it to him. That was yesterday. Today he came in excited to get his "treat", looked at it as if to say, "You've GOT to be KIDDING!" Then he took it and ate it. A little later I offered him another one. He put it on the floor and looked hopefully at his stash of larger treats, but when he didn't get one, he went back and took this one.<br /><br />I think these might be good for rewards for obeying commands. Treats? That's stretching it.<br /><br />They may also be good for my son's dog who rarely gets treats because she's overweight and would eat the whole entire refrigerator full of food if allowed. At least she would get a treat. Large treats take her 5 seconds. She'll probably inhale these, one second max.<br /><br />I like the fact that these are low-fat, with no added salt, no refined sugar, no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives. It says, "Treats Baked With Natural Peanut Butter."
I use these for training treats.  I have a large and small dog and this works for both of them.  They are all natural and my pups love the taste.  I highly recommend these!  I also tried the Three Dog Bakery Apple Oatmeal Woofers and those were a big hit.
I have been using these treats for quite a while and both my dogs love them but both dogs are also way off their food and have been for quite some time and both have been acting kind of "off"...nothing major but just not exactly right. Well, I just happened to quit using these treats for a week or so and noticed both dogs came back to life and they're eating like crazy. I cannot for certain pin it on these treats but it's something to keep in mind if you are using them and your pet seems a little off kilter.
I've never been addicted to candy.  In fact, I don't usually like candy with the occasional exception of Halloween and that moment when you just need something sweet.  But these little guys, watch out.  It might SEEM like a 12 pack is a lot, but hold on to your seat when you put the very first one onto your vestal tongue.  A 12 pack will seem like there's a shortage of caramels in the world. LOL.<br /><br />I tried to come up with a way to explain the most awesome flavor in the world and I just can't.  To me it's like eating anything and everything in the world you ate that made you feel like "Ahhh, that's it."<br /><br />I can only hope that the gubment doesn't put a tax on it like cigs because then I'd have to put myself into an institution.
I am a BzzAgent and I recently received a package of these to try.  I have to say that I absolutely LOVE the flavor of these candies.  I am usually not a big candy eater, but I have to say that I was really impressed.  The Werther's Chewy Caramels were so richly flavored and chewy that I couldn't stop at just one (I usually stop at one for most other candies).  They have a great buttery flavor that makes my mouth water just thinking about them.  I like the fact that they have some great ingredients, like cream and butter, but I had to deduct one star for the fact that there are artificial flavors in them (I am an avid label reader and try to stay away from any artificial ingredients).  As far as the taste goes, my kids and my husband were constantly in the pantry looking to grab another candy, so I can confidently say these were a huge hit in our family.  It was also a great incentive for the kids to eat their vegetables at dinner- they certainly cleaned their plate to have a couple of caramels for dessert.  If you are having a party, these would be great set out in a candy dish.  There will be none left by the end!
GREAT CANDY AS ALWAYS FROM WERTHER'S ORIGINAL CANDY, HARD OR CHEWY CARAMELS ARE BUT TWO OF THE CANDY THEY MAKE THAT IS OUTSTANDING. IT SEEMS THAT YOU CAN NOT KEEP IT IN STOCK AND ARE ALWAYS OUT OR JUST HAVE A BAG OR TWO LEFT TO SALE.
I reviewed Werther's original chewy caramels, caramel chocolates, and creamy filled<br />hard caramels as a BzzAgent and found the chewy caramels came a close second to the<br />original hard candies.  Still has that great unique caramel flavor from Werther's but<br />now in a chewable form.  I prefer the original hard candy as those little gems last<br />a little longer but these are a nice second choice.
If you like Werther's hard candies, you may like these. The pretty good caramels. But they are hard, and really sticky. Like "do I have all my fillings?" sticky.<br /><br />Eating a bag now. But I wanted caramels, and these really aren't. The are closely related, but so different, in terms of texture.<br /><br />Not my cup of tea. If you like your caramels really hard (not hard candy hard, but still), you may love these. If you think caramels should be soft and chewy, you may not.<br /><br />Now, I just tried warming them up, and that really helped. Almost tempted to raise it up to 4 stars. Don't microwave it though. That turns them into a bubbling mass of goo!
I received this mix along with a waffle maker as a gift.  It's so good that I keep buying this same brand mix when I run out.<br /><br />I cut the Farmhouse Waffles recipe in half (so that's 1 cup Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix; 1 egg; 5/8 cup water; 2 tablespoon melted butter) and it's more than enough batter for 2 waffles in a full-size Belgian waffle maker.<br /><br />Easy to make and very tasty.
Nothing can compare to the waffle mix delivered by Stonewall kitchen.  My mom complained about the price but I think the quality deserves the higher price than the regular pancake/waffle mix.  The waffle comes out golden and crispy.  I was using the Presto 03510 FlipSide Waffle Maker.
I have been making Belgian waffles using the Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix for over three years.  My waffles are undoubtedly the best ever!!!  I like my waffles light and crisp - I can't stand a heavy soggy waffle. These just melt in your mouth.  I have made homemade waffles, but I have yet to find anything that can compare to this mix.
This is a delicious recipe and ingredients and the one I use. A bit pricy but if you don't mind the price point it makes a wonderful waffle. Combine this with a Waring Waffle maker and you could be in Waffle Heaven.
I have to laugh at the reviews that said it was too much work.  So you have to add an egg & a little butter!  It is well worth it.  I am not a cook at all and these come out perfect everytime.  They are crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside. My family loves, loves them.  The only thing different I do is instead of the extra 2 tbsp of water they call for, I add 2 tbsp of vanilla in place of. Best waffle mix!!
I had read some favorable reviews of this pancake mix on Amazon quite a while ago.  I had never ordered any, but I came across a can of it in one of those outdoor,camping stores last Christmas.  I have been using it ever since to make my dieting harder, and can honestly say I have never enjoyed the struggle so much.  Pancake mixes are usually one of those things that usually I buy the cheapest I can find, or at least one that I am familiar with.  I tend to balk at higher priced mixes for the most part. But every now and then I get curious of a brand like this one. It just so happens that when I visited this camping store, I was getting ready to take a short hike as soon as the holidays were over, and pancake mix has always been one of my staple items to take along.  Unfortunately it wasn't 'till I left that I realized that this mix was not one of the "just add water" ones that we all know and love.  The best ones always needed your own addition of eggs, milk, butter, etc, and this one is no exception in that respect.  So instead of enjoying this mix on the trail, I have been making pancakes in the wilds of my very own kitchen.  I really don't know what it is about this mix that makes it so good, but it does indeed make some of the best and most delicious pancakes I have ever tasted from a mix.  They are very light, fluffy, and flavorful, and well worth the price and ingredients that you have to add yourself.  If you have a pancake fiend in your home, I would highly suggest you buy some of this great mix. Its cheaper here on Amazon than I paid for it and well worth it in my opinion. I have had lots of different kinds over the years, and this makes some truly delicious pancakes.... Highly recommended...
I was expecting great things based on the reviews. While it IS good, it's not great. I believe my waffles made from Bisquick were just as tasty as these, and this costs quite a bit more. The instructions ARE very easy to follow though, and I DO like the canister for storage.
I love this pancake mix.  I bought my first can from Whole Foods Market about a year ago.  My only complaint is, for all the work you have to put into making them (at least the pancakes anyway) you could just as easily make pancakes from scratch.  You have to add your own egg, whole milk, and melted butter.  One thing I have noticed about this mix is that it's relatively difficult to burn the pancakes.  It is, however, easy to overcook them.
What can i say??  They are wonderful, and the highlight of each weekend.  OHHHhhh  - use soda water for the liquid !  even better !!!
I usually make pancakes from scratch and have never found a mix that doesn't taste "off" to me.  This mix is the best!!!  My family and I love the way it tastes and it is so quick and easy.
This is the best tasting pancake mix in the market and it is so easy to make.
My family absolutely loves this pancake and waffle mix. The texture and taste is the best out there, especially when using our waffle maker. You can add fruit and other items to the mix and be as creative as you wish. Your price is great and delivery can't be beat. We recommend it to everyone!!
We use the Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix to make delicious Belgian Waffles in our <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BXM2LU">Waring WMK300A Pro Professional Stainless-Steel Belgian Waffle Maker</a>. We have tried waffles using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003BQPZGE">Krusteaz Waffle Mix Belgian 28-oz</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO6BFE">Golden Malted All Natural Waffle & Pancake Mix, 33-Ounce Containers (Pack of 3)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001SB1UJA">Maple Grove Farms Waffle Mix Belgian, 24-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>, and the waffle recipe from <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029JYTSY">Aunt Jemima Pancake Mix, 32-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>. In a highly (un)scientific blind taste test involving my three children, the Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle mix was the unanimous choice.<br /><br />I make a triple batch according to the instructions--although i use only one tablespoon of melted butter instead of three--and the batter stores well in the fridge for up to four days. The triple batch makes 4 1/2 waffles on our waffle maker and they are crispy, light, and golden brown.<br /><br />This brand is slightly more expensive per waffle than the normal grocery store brands (like Krusteaz), but our family thinks the taste is worth it. As an aside, my son has a soy allergy and this mix is free of soy--unlike most other brands.
I love Belgian waffles and this mix makes a delicious waffle without all the trouble of making them from scratch.  They are really good, and I'm fussy.  I haven't tried them as pancakes yet.
I used to buy Bob's Red Mill Organic 7 Grain Pancake & Waffle, Whole Grain Mix until I saw all these rave reviews about StoneWall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle mix. I decided to order from Amazon and tried it this morning.<br /><br />This pancake mix is very fine and powdery. When I made my pancake mix, the mix was all over my kitchen floor. The mix is almost foamy like when it is done mixing. The waffle recipe from the label asks for 2 Tbsp. of melted butter, which I never use that much when I use the Rob's Red Mill pancake mix. I could only make two perfect 7" round pancakes from it even though it claims the serving should be 3-4 pancakes. The pancake is indeed fluffy as others claimed in the review. However, I also tasted a lot of chemicals in it. I guess one reason it is so fluffy is a lot of baking soda in the ingredient. Looking at the ingredient label did I realize it has more chemicals than other brands. And I do not understand what ARTIFICIAL FLAVOR it has to be added in when this pancake mix is just the normal type with no fancy flavors like Cinnamon and Apple, etc.<br /><br />In short, I am going back to my Rob's Red Mill brand, at least I know what I am digesting in my stomach.
Didnt really enjoy these after wanting to try something other than aunt jemima's from Dominicks. The pancakes tasted strange and sometimes forgettable, but it might have been due to the poor packaging they came in along with the syrup.
These pancakes just hit the spot and make me feel like I am eating a restaurant breakfast at home for a lot less money. Splurge on this and the good maple syrup...it really is cheaper than going to Denny's or IHOP where a meal for two will be $20 minimum.
Let me start by saying my family loves this stuff.  It has a fairly strong flavor of vanilla.  It cooks up nicce and light.  My problem with this product is the recent price increase.  It was a good product at a fair price but now it is pricey.  All-in-all I would suggest that you order this at least once to taste what good pancakes are supposed to taste like.  After that I would suggest playing with recepies on your own.
My family was lucky enough to get this product several years ago from a friend.  My daughter will not eat any other pancake mix and everyone I fix them for thinks they are outstanding.
I bought a Belgian waffle maker sort of on a whim and I was then confronted with the question: What waffle mix do I use? Somehow "Hungry Jack" felt like an afront to such a sublime kitchen appliance. I read the reviews here on Amazon and concluded that despite the rather high price, Stonewall would be a great choice. Bang! Nailed it the first time. Now, I don't know if my waffle maker is particularly large/deep, but I get only two and one half waffles out of each batch (following the recipe on the label). I don't dare water it down to try to stretch it out and I figure I only got about 10 batches of waffles out of one can. The cost-per-waffle is steep, but these have never failed to come out light on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside, and they have NEVER stuck to the waffle iron. Grudgingly, even though I see the price has gone up a dollar per can, I will be reordering, but if it goes up any higher, I may have to try another brand.
I'm sorry not everyone likes this mix, but we love it. It is like going to a gourmet restaurant! (yeah - a gourmet WAFFLE restaurant...) The waffles taste and turn out great, and so easy. Hard for us to believe, but it seems it's not for everyone.
This is the pancake mix we go to when we don't have buttermilk in the fridge (don't think the vinegar trick is worth it so we always do fresh) to make Alton Brown's buttermilk pancake recipe.  This Stonewall mix is a good option and the flavor is the best of any store bought mix by far! It might cost more, but it really is superior to the other prepared mixes.
Stonewall Kitchen products are a big favorite at our house.  This pancake mix makes the best pancakes you will ever eat.  We add fresh blueberries to them, and top them with the Stonewall Blueberry Syrup, which you can buy on their website.  They make wonderful jams and jellies too, as well as sauces, and flavored syrups.  Try this pancake mix though, you won't be disappointed!
This is great pancake and waffle batter that was recommended by Amazon so I bought it and have been very satisfied with my purchase.  It makes the best waffles every time I have used it and that being said I am sold on this product.  I will be ordering more as we really like how easy it is to make.  I would highly recommend that everyone try this who likes pancakes and waffles it is delicious and very economical.
I have been using this pancake and waffle mix for about 5 or 6 years and I have to say this is the best.  The waffles come out crisp on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.  I've tried other mixes but they do not compare to this mix.  I use the Waring Pro Waffle Maker and my waffles come out beautiful everytime.  I follow the directions on the canister and never have a problem with the results.
This is THE king of pancake mixes.  Easy, foolproof, and delicious, it makes the best pancakes I've ever tasted.  We've been buying it for several years, and the pancakes consistently come out light and delicious.  Simply add an egg, buttermilk, and melted butter.  Cook them on a nice hot skillet for a yummy anytime meal!
Makes perfect, delicious, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, waffles in minutes. Worth every penny!
I purchased this mix to use with my new Presto FlipSide Belgian Waffle Maker and am very pleased with the results.  It took 3 cups of this mix to make 6 large Belgian Waffles and they cooked to perfection after only 4 minutes!  The flavor of this mix is slightly sweet but there is no aftertaste to it like you get with cheap commercial brands like Bisquick.  I'll be buying more, for sure!
I received this as a gift a few weeks ago.  It is by far the best home made pancakes I have every had.  The taste and consistancy is excellent.  Blueberries mix very well with this product and the container is desinged to keep the product fresh and not let moths in.  You pay a little more but it is worth it in my opinion
Makes very good, light waffles. Seems to be exactly the same as Carbon's Golden Malted waffle mix. Only this is more expensive.
Bought a great waffle maker two years ago.  Tried many recipes for making waffles, nothing really pleased the family. Well, until I followed a recommendation to try Stonewall Waffles.  Believe me it is not like Bisquick as I thought it might be, it is so much better I was shocked.  And well now the family loves them and looks forward to Sunday waffles every couple weeks.  I even double up the ingredients so I can make extras which we cut into smaller sections and freeze them.  These can then be used for toster waffles and a quick breakfast.  Forget the Eggos even as frozen waffles these are great.<br /><br />What do I like best about them?  The waffles come out light and fluffy.  They are crisp and hold up well to being filled with strawberries, nuts or whatever toppings you may choose.  In no way do they feel heavy or soggy.  They are a snap to prepare, and take just 3 minutes in the waffle maker. Lastly the whole family loves them.  So despite the higher price it is well worth every penny.
Bought this mix along with the Cuisinart waffle maker.  Delicious.  We followed the directions and it made only one Belgian waffle.  The next time we doubled the recipe and it came out the right amount.  Good flavor and easy to use.
I have a Waring belgian waffle maker and was looking for a good batter to use. I tried this based on reviews and with add my strong recommendation for this mix.<br /><br />It was very easy to make and the waffles had a wonderful flavor ... loved the malt flavor that came through.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying more when the current mix runs out.
This mix makes great tasting waffles.  A little extra work and expense but worth it.  Need to stretch the recipe a little bit to make 2 full waffles on my new Presto Flipside Belgian Waffle Maker.
I got this as a gift and liked the flavor but I wasn't crazy about the texture.  I like fluffy pancakes and believe it or not, imo, Aunt Jemima's buttermilk ready mix is the best one out there and it's so easy to make.<br />Of course, the best tasting waffles are made by me from scratch with buttermilk and all.=)<br />Overall, I think buying gourmet pancake mix is one of the biggest waste of money.  And it still requires you to put melted butter, milk, etc.<br />I am sticking with my own recipes and Aunt Jemima's if I am in a hurry.
Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix is our favorite.  Consistently excellent with a nice malty flavor.  The 33 ounce cans are a Good value for the quality. I highly recommend this product.
This mix is the kids' and family favorite. It tastes like vanilla. It's wonderful for pancakes or waffles.
Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix is definitely a mouthful in name but, in taste, not so much.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad but, you could find any number of "mixes" that taste just as well and some even better.  I know my taste buds aren't the same as yours so, what's just decent to me may be great to you.  I also wish I had bought just one can instead of 2 huge 33 ounce cans.  I finished the first can, I'll give the other can away and, I'll continue trying other mixes until I find the "best mix" out there.<br /><br />So far I seem to only be satisfied with a homemade mix for my waffles.  My preference is for waffles over pancakes but, this didn't make it on either count.  I even tried adding things to it but it didn't really help.  Maybe it's just me.  Try it if you like but remember, buy only one can just in case you're like me.  You can always buy more.
This waffle and pancake mix is delicious!  You can taste a subtle hint of vanilla in them.  They are the only pancakes/waffles that my kids love and the house smells wonderful when they are cooking!
My family loves waffles. We have been trying to make homeade waffles for a while but when my second child was born, we got tired of all the mixing and measuring. We chose this batter mix because the reviews were so great. They take no time to mix. The dough comes out a bit runny but if you fill the bottom of the waffle iron completely, you get the fluffiest Belgian waffles. We are using the Chefman rotatable iron. I highly recommend this batter if you like waffles quick. You can add a little cinnamon and sugar too to spice it up.
I love this pancake mix. Can not find this exact one in any stores so I always order online and keep in stock at home. All you do is mix with water (I add fresh chopped banana's or strawberries for a healthy option, and swap syrup for honey) and cook in a lil butter and you have an awesome breakfast.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E29A">Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix, 33-Ounce Cans (Pack of 2)</a><br /> The family said they were the best that I had made. The 10 Grandchildren ate all that was served to them.<br />The parents, who I have served pancakes to for a long, also said they were the best they have eaton. It was good to see the little ones clean up their plates.
We have pancakes once a week and this is our go-to mix. It is incredibly easy to prepare, and I add a handful of chocolate chips, pieces of banana/strawberries/peach slices or whatever else people would like onto the individual pancake while it is cooking in the pan. No need to buy different flavors you can customize it yourself.
We first had Stonewall Waffle Mix when we received it in a gift basket about a year and half ago.  We have been using it ever since.  The flavor of the waffles are absolutely out of this world.  We won't ever go back to Bisquick for our waffles!
This has become a breakfast staple for our home. Now nearly every Sunday morning, we are making pancakes. We've got the Vermont Mapel syrup, eggs, sausage or bacon and we're set for the day with a just a light snack-type dinner. Use bettermilk for the absolute best results.
Great mixed for Belgium waffles, family thinks it's the best.  Must try it and order it from Amazon.  I let friends know to use this product.
I found it so hard to believe anyone could give this mix 1 star, I had to read those reviews. Two of them seem like ads for Robs Red Mill, and the other one didn't make any sense. You must be looking for pancakes or waffles, so do yourself a favor and give these a go. They are delicious
The entire family loved this pancake mix. It was easy to make and tasted great. We tried it with syrup, powdered sugar, as well as fresh strawberries and apple compote. I would definately purchase this again. The only problem is my family wants this every weekend and I have to double to feed my large family. It gets expensive quickly, so I do not order it as often as they would like.
we love this pancake / waffle mix.  It's hard to please everyone but this item does the trick.  Crispy, light, tender, yummy!
This was the best pancake/waffle mix ever! Wonderful for breakfast or dinner. It was a great price and worth it! My husband and boys kept complimenting the waffles I made and ate them fast--I could hardly keep up. Definitely recommend Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse pancake and waffle mix! You do have to add a few ingredients, but it is well worth the effort.
This product is great.  Just add egg, water, and butter (I used oil).  I will never make waffles from scratch again.
We made this purchase based on our daughter's recommendation and it is as good as she promised. We have a new flip-style waffle iron and this mix provides us with a wonderful breakfast. We add fresh strawberries or blueberries to the top along with syrup and it is scrumdiddlyumptous!
I have had waffles from other mixes that are too sweet.  I have also made them from scratch.<br />I like my waffles with NO Sugar in them, because I don't like too much sugar.  This mix is very good.  Waffles are just the right consitancy for me and the mix is easy to prepare.
We received a gift box that contained the Stonewall Farms Pancake Mix and they were out of this world. They are the lightest, fluffy and flavorful pancakes and waffles you will ever taste.  And the price on Amazon is a big savings over ordering from Stonewall Farms.  Don't shy away from the larger size and the two pack because you will devour these pancakes in no time.
This is a GREAT waffle mix! I have allergies to preservatives and to find food in general that is great tasting without the preservatives is a huge challenge. I have tried several other mixes and this one is by far the best. I totally don't understand the reviews about the bad taste and "all the chemicals"--read labels of other mixes and you will see this one is not full of all those ingredients. There are certain kinds of ingredients that these mixes need, such as levening, and when you use REAL butter, NOT the "tub" butter that contains water and other nasty stuff, these are THE BEST WAFFLES EVER!
This lands in the gormet category for sure.  Having these pancakes is like going to a resturant and having exceptional pancakes that you would expect to get at home.  The price is a bit high but you know that before you buy them so its not fair to downgrade the product bnecause of that.<br /><br />They cook up nicely and one pack of two goes a long time.
I use this as the base for my waffles.  Use 2 small bananas mashed, 3/4T cinammon, 1T vanilla, and 1/2 cup gratted pecans and then blend it all together.  You need to let it cook a much longer period of time at a lower then normal temperature and you need to cut back on the amount of water used. You need to know what the consistency of the waffle mixture should be before you attempt this recipe so that you can determine the amount of water to use.  This is a somewhat tricky recipe since it's easy for the waffles to stick and pull apart.  One banana makes it easier but I've had some success with three bananas.  Banana's are better overripe.
I'm not normally a big fan of mixes but this is a great waffle mix.  It's quick, easy, and produces delicious waffles.  Yes, it's pricier than some of the other mixes on Amazon but I think it's worth it.
This is a great mix. I mixed it with milk instead of water.  Just follow the directions.
This is my favorite waffle mix (it can be used to make pancakes too, but you have to add milk, and we don't usually have milk in the house).  You have to add water, 1 egg, and melted butter for the waffle recipe.  We eat waffles about once a week.<br /><br />Apart from the fact that it tastes great (it has a little vanilla and malt mixed in), it has NO trans fat.  Some pancake/waffle mixes, such as Krustead's which also tastes really good, say they have no trans fat PER SERVING, but if it has partially hydrogenated vegetable oil in the ingredients, there is still some (less than than 1 percent) trans fat per serving.  Stonewall has none.<br /><br />We used to have a store that sold it locally, but now we don't so I am glad we can get it online.<br /><br />The can comes with a recipe that is perfect for making two belgian waffles with no leftover batter.<br /><br />We just bought the regular mix but we are going to try the other flavors next.
I originally received this mix as a gift from a friend in a gift pack.  When my family tried it as a gift they loved it immediately.  It is super yummy waffle mix.  The waffles turn out tasting so delicious you do not need to add any toppings or butter to them.  Here I am on amazon.com placing yet another order for this Waffle mix, it goes quickly around my house since it is now everyone's favorite breakfast item.
We are into our third can of this flavorful and easy mix and it just seems to get better and better!  Sunday is pancake day at our house, and today we had blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup.  This mix holds fresh blueberries nicely - don't over-mix the ingredients and you will get nice, fluffy fruit-filled (or not) pancakes that are absolutely first-rate.
We first received Stonewall pancakes as a gift. We have ordered them 2x on Amazon who has the best prices. Highly recommend this product. Will return here to buy more...
I bought this on a whim because I found some jam made by the same company and absolutely loved it. I didn't expect much more than basic waffle and pancake mix. This is so much better.<br /><br />It's easy to use and makes moist, fluffy pancakes that are to die for. I am never buying Bisquick again.
I have used this product for a few years now. This being the first time from Amazon. I'm glad it was there. This is by far the best pancake/waffle mix on the market bar NONE !
The pancakes were delicious, but they weren't as fluffy as the ones I normally make.  Next time I use this, I'm going to whip the egg whites and see if that helps.
I found these at a super Gold Box pricing one day otherwise I would not have looked twice at 16.00 pancake mix.  Now we are hooked - nothing compares to this mix.  I've tried every box in the store for our belgian waffle maker and these top them all!<br />Waffles are nice and crisp on the outside and super soft on the inside. They are so dense they don't absorb syrup or toppings.  I will buy this over and over again.
On a whim, I picked up a two-pack of Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix recently, enticed in some measure by the already positive reviews here--and I will add to those by noting that we will be keeping a supply on hand in our pantry.<br /><br />I really did not expect that this easy-to-prepare mix would yield waffles better than the from-scratch recipes I had been using, but now the waffle iron is stashed within easy reach after being banished to the recesses of the cabinets for the last few years.<br /><br />Being able to whip out crisp, airy, light, malty waffles does wonders for one's popularity in the kitchen, and pairing these with real maple syrup and fresh blueberries is the way to go.
No matter how you mess up the recipe, this Mix still makes my family happy in the Sunday morning :)
I have an immense love for pancakes.  I have been on a search for the best pancake mix for about a year. I did not write this review prematurely as I wanted to give the product a fair chance.  I tried it with whole milk.  I tried it with buttermilk. I tried it with blueberries. I tried it without blueberries.  It is by far the WORST mix I have tried thus far.  The flavor is not good, seems like it needs more sugar.  With blueberries, it is very hard to get the pancakes to cook all the way through without overcooking them.  I really am telling you all the hype on this product has got to be from people that either work for the company lol or have never tried another high quality mix.  I honestly would rather eat pancakes from McDonalds.  Don't waste your money!  (Robbys mix is also wayyyyyyyyyy better and I believe it was cheaper). (may be better for waffles...since I'm stuck with two cans I may try that...ugh!)
I hope Amazon restocks this item always.I can't stand the other brands out there since it got this brand.And the price is right at Amazon to.
The best thing about this pancake and waffle mix is the can in which it comes.  I really like the convenience of the can and the fact that it reseals easily.<br />The batter cooked up nicely and the texture was OK.  However I was very disappointed in the flavor.  There were stong overtones of chemical flavors.<br />I will be experimenting with my own recipes in the future.
Heavily touted by the reviews, decided to try.  Mix is good, but not great.  Probably wouldn't buy again.
This is the best pancake mix!  I've sent this to several people, and they all love it. The two-pack makes a nice little gift.
Been curious about Stonewall since reading all the Amazon reviews but not sure about spending $$$ for a pancake mix.  The other day, found a big can at Sur La Tab store in San Francisco for only $10.95, so I thought, why not, this is my chance to try.  I was so looking fwd to Saturday morning and made it first thing today....all I can say is, underwhelming, nothing special.  I tried it following the instructions but using low fat milk and "healthier" butter, it was alright, but not great esp. considering the price.  Then I doctored it up a bit, added madagascar vanilla, flaxseed and psyllium which I usually do with my pancakes, tasted a bit better. Overall rating, 3 stars, just ok, stuck with the can so we'll eat it, but will not purchase again.  I will probably try it next time with full fat milk and butter as it recommended to see if that makes a difference, it probably does. I highly recommend Garvey's Organic Pancake Mix, also here in Amazon, tastes so much better and fluffier.  If you like 100% whole grain pancakes, we also love Kodiak Buttermilk mix, also here on Amazon...healthy, hearty and so good, even my kids love it...and best of all it's just add water, makes it portable, we even took it with us on vacay to Hawaii.
When I read the reviews from other customers, I was excited about ordering and trying this mix. This morning we made waffles with both Stonewall Kitchen mix and Bisquick. The waffles from Stonewall were ok- and so were the waffles from Bisquick. The waffles were served to several people for tasting and everyone felt the same.<br /><br />The agreement was that Stonewall Kitchen product was not worth the significant extra cost. Furthermore, it is not available in our local super market whereas Bisquick is stocked. This will be a one time purchase for us.
I am constantly on the search for delicious buttermilk pancakes because they are my favorite food in the world.  I like to make my own or get them at the Original Pancake House (which has the best buttermilk pancakes I have ever tasted).  I decided to try this box mix variation even though I am not a fan of box mixes.  The Stonewall brand has a very aromatic scent but that's where I ceased to be impressed.  These pancakes hardly rise at all and have a decent flavor and texture but are nothing to gush over.  Then again I guess I'm one of the few who would gush over a plain bettermilk pancake anyway!!  They're ok but not worth all that money.
Every week I make waffles or pancakes for my wife and daughter. Their opinion is that the waffles taste different from but not better than those I make with Jiffy mix. As Jiffy mix costs a lot less, I will not likely order this product again.
This expensive pancake mix tastes so processed and fake.  A less expensive bisquick from your local grocery store beats the taste, no doubt.  It's a yucky product.
This mix makes nice pancakes. They smell rich and vanilla-y, but you don't actually  taste it as strong as it smells. I won't buy them again because there are easier mixes out there that taste pretty darn close. I'm just as happy using a Krusteaz brand mix that only requires the addition of water (no eggs or milk or flour necessary). Heck, if you want that vanilla smell and taste, add an eighth or quarter teaspoon of some extract to your batter.<br /><br />Edited for grammar's sake.
Recently, my life partner was complaining about our same ole breakfast every morning.  That is when I discovered that he "loves" pancakes. I was aware that he liked waffles. (We've only been together almost five years!)  I, on the other hand, have never cared for pancakes.  I loved my Gram's waffles, but nothing she did could tempt me to eat pancakes, no amount of butter or slathering with strawberry jam could make a difference. I just didn't care for PANCAKES!  She did insist on teaching me how to make and cook them, because my Daddy enjoyed pancakes, so I learned.<br />I was in Central Market on Saturday when I ran into a co-worker and her husband.  They took me by the hand from the Baking Products isle to the Jams, Jelly, Syrup, Honey isle.  On the top shelf was "the very best pancake mix":  Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix. I saw the price and took a deep breath, it was twice the price of the mix I had just been contemplating purchasing. On their recommendation, I tossed it in the cart along with some "real" organic, light amber, maple syrup.<br />This morning, I fixed three small (3 inch diameter) pancakes for my man and one for myself just to taste. I needed to know!<br />Well, I don't believe I have ever had real maple syrup before in my life, just that sugar processed krapola sold as pancake syrup. I have NEVER liked that stuff!<br />That pancake with a tiny dribble of real maple syrup was DELICIOUS! It was the pancake mix that made the difference.<br />Now I am reading reviews to purchase a waffle maker.  After tasting that light, fluffy pancake, I can hardly wait to have some waffles made from this mix.  These reviews are making my mouth water with anticipation!<br />I will never buy any thing else.
This mix produced some pretty bland pancakes.  Followed the directions on the canister and the batter was pretty thin which in turn produced some pretty thin pancakes.  Considering the ingredients that needed to be added, it would have been just as easy to create my own buttermilk pancakes from scratch.  I debating trying to figure out how to jazz up the remaining canisters I have left (maybe some pumpkin pie spice) but that won't help the thicken up the batter.
I'm not sure why, but this is our favorite pancake & waffle mix.  Just tastes the best to us.
Makes OKAY pancakes. Only marginally better than the standard Bisquick recipe. They are edible (I should say that my kids liked them).<br /><br />Not that great, in my opinion.
We didn't care for this product at all. It seemed to have a funny after taste to it. Wasn't worth the cost. We were unable to even finish using what we purchased it was that nasty.
What am I missing?<br /><br />This mix creates a pretty much tasteless pancake. I've tried adding vanilla and cinnamon. I use real maple syrup on top. I cook them in fresh bacon grease. The pancakes are still, just, blah. It's like they absorb and negate the flavors.<br /><br />The pancakes cook ok. The texture is fine. Just absolutely no flavor.<br /><br />Won't get this again. Considering pitching the rest of what I have.
I bought the mix at the same time as the Oster 3874 waffle maker and have been pleased with the results: light, well baked waffles that tasted good.  My problems with the mix were first the expense, secondly that the mix is very finely ground and flies around when poured and there may some sort of perfume added to it.  It simply smells too good.<br /><br />I am happy with the product but will probably not reorder it.
I hope Amazon always carries this product too. I have ordered it twice. Excellent product for the price. Yum-O!
Part of me wants to ask for a refund. I bought this package of k cups because I wanted a mix of teas. When I got my package I was very disappointed to see hardly any teas in the package. I know they substituted based on availability but I think it's completely misleading to substitutes with products that don't pertain to the packaged theme. I got a mix of gingerbread and eggnog. DISAPPOINTING!
This is NOT A SUMMER SAMPLER<br /><br />The majority of this Sampler was hot, including: Hot Eggnog, Hot Apple Cider, Hot Gingerbread Coffee, Hot Caramel Apple, and Golden French Toast Coffee<br /><br />Sound like "the Perfect Brewed Over Ice K-Cup" to you?  This was the totality of iced drinks: Vanilla Iced Coffee, Peach Iced Tea, and unsweetened black iced tea.<br /><br />Additionally, there were only 8 varieties rather than the 9 listed on the description.<br /><br />I literally thought they might have mixed my Summer drinks for Holiday drinks, but it was clearly labeled Summer Sampler.<br /><br />Even worse, this item does not generally qualify for a refund.  Beware!
Thought I was ordering summer tea flavors, got leftover winter garbage. I will not buy from this seller again. I HATE iced coffee, much less gingerbread and eggnog flavors! I cannot believe I just spent that amount of money on crap that I will not ever drink. Should have waited until Walmart carried it! Does Keurig know this stuff is being sold under such false advertisements? Yes, I know it says flavors may be substituted. That would be fine if they were more teas. If I had wanted gross iced coffee flavors, I would have ordered such!<br /><br />On the up side, the peach tea I received was very good. Otherwise, don't waste your money!
I got two Teas and one type of iced coffe and the rest were HOLIDAY COFFEES and APPLE CIDER!  Spicy Eggnog? Gingerbread? Bait and swtich.  The only redeeming factor - Amazon was great and issued me a refund.
There should be an option for a 0 star rating because that is what I would rate this item.<br />First, the sampling was to include 9 varieties but included only 7.  It appears that the two flavors out of stock were not substituted with two other flavors but instead a few more of the remaining flavors were tossed in the box. I had expected that when a limited edition coffee flavor such as Island Coconut was out of stock, it would be replaced with a different limited edition coffee flavor.  Same thing for the Half and Half Lemonade.<br />Second, the order was not balanced.  Of the 7 flavors I did receive, only 2 were coffees, the remaining 5 were teas.<br />The concept of a summer sampler set is a good one but the execution here was an epic fail.  The order is being returned today.
We definately got a nice assortment of K-Cups but were really looking forward to trying the Peach tea which was not included in our shipment. I overlooked the line stating some flavors may be substituted but one of our substitutions was a hot coffee mix of Eggnog, French Toast, and a third winter type flavor. Slightly misleading from what is pictured.
Don't get me wrong, I wanted to try the holiday sampler (mostly coffee) but I ordered the summer sampler with teas.  There were just a couple peach teas, sweet teas, and unsweetened black teas.  I didn't send it back because I wanted to try the holiday sampler.  Almost everything I got was the eggnog coffee, apple ciders, ginger bread coffee, and french toast coffee.  The box was labeled summer sampler, so I'm sure that this was an accident.  I didn't contact the seller because I ordered it while I was gearing up for finals and now there is no contact seller button.  So seller, if you see this review message me and we can talk.
Really Amazon?! Nothing says delicious summer treat to me like a nice cup of EGG NOG... and when I am not craving Egg Nog in the summer, it's Gingerbread I'd really like... don't buy this, it sucks... I'm probably just going to toss it. If there was the ability to rate this with a negative number... I'd say -3
I do not consider Gingerbread, Spicy Eggnog, Caramel Apple Cider, Spiced Apple Cider summer items.... You cleaned off your self at my expense!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!
I was hoping for the gift box, instead I got a cardboard box full of a mixed bag of K cups.  Don't get me wrong, if the price is right then I have no problem, but the price was a little misleading.  I was under the impression that this would be in a sampler box, not a warehouse box.  It looks like a mix and match of K Cups that fell out of other packages or were returned. Buyer beware.
As a new Keurig owner, I'm trying as many "sampler" packs as possible to determine what both my husband and I like the most.<br /><br />Although quite pricey and not coming in the cute gift box some other "Crazy Cups" purchases have been received in, I am enjoying this variety thoroughly.  It is almost entirely iced drinks and this sampler pack had a good mix of the following:<br /><br />Southern Sweet Tea, Unsweetened Black Tea, Raspberry Sweet Tea, Peach Sweet Tea, Sweet Lemon Tea, Half & Half Tea and a few different iced coffee k-cups.  Additionally, there were a few seasonal Island Coconut which my husband loves.<br /><br />I would consider purchasing variety packs as my main source of k-cups, but at a price of over 90 cents a cup I can't justify the cost.  However, this is a good starting point to narrow down some favorites to purchase in single flavor boxes!<br /><br />If these were presented in the gift boxes they use for other samplers, this would be a very ideal gift/house warming present for these hot summer months!  I don't mind them not being in a gift box, but I could have at least used that as an excuse to myself for the price.
The teas seem to brew really strong so use a large glass or dilute after... Unless you really like strong tea.<br /><br />It's a good pack to figure out which flavors you want to buy in bulk.
very good price and we love our keurig trying the summer flavors are great and will probably order more before the end of the summer.
I haven't had a chance to try these out yet, but I thought I would go ahead and mention that I received 5 each of the following 7 flavors:<br /><br />- Sweet Rasberry Black Iced Tea<br />- Southern Sweet Iced Tea<br />- Sweet Lemon Iced Tea<br />- French Vanilla Iced Coffee<br />- Nantucket Blend Iced Coffee<br />- Gingerbread Coffee<br />- Eggnog Coffee<br /><br />Fortunately I'm okay with this, as I was wondering how the Gingerbread and Eggnog tasted as well. You might feel differently though, and might want to know since this seems to be the only variety pack of iced k-cups.
There are some types I really like--especially Southern Sweet Tea (which is actually a lot less sweet than Southerners really make it).  The raspberry and peach are also good, and not overly sweet.  Urologist has banned artificial sweeteners from me as they do kidney damage.<br /><br />I did not care for the herbals, and thought there was a bit too much green tea in the assortment--but I found friends who like those flavors.<br /><br />It was to taste test, and it was fine for that.  I don't think I will buy assortments again, as I have found what I really like.
I got this on a special and we are coffee lovers and like to try different kinds although Yuban is our everyday coffee. Well this was a surprise! Nice and flavorful, not bitter, smooth and maybe not as strong as Yuban in the same amounts the was all there. If they start selling this in lagers amounts for a better everyday price I would buy more but as is its very pricey.
i got a bag of these and the veggie sticks. haven't tried the veggie ones yet. the sweet potato didnt taste like sweet potato to me. just tasted like rice flour and cinnamon and brown sugar. tastes like that cereal cinnamon toast crunch. i put the the so called skinny sticks in a bowl and added milk. taste better!
This was a new product to me.  They were very tasty, crisp, and surprisingly delicious.  I was very pleased with this product.
I was very pleased to stumble upon this brand, as it is difficult to find "healthy" snacks for families that don't contain GMO ingredients. These were a big hit with kids and grown-ups alike; added bonus that they are low in calories and gluten-free. I would highly recommend the sweet potato flavor, as well as the brand in general. Great new company!
This product was a gift to a far distant relative.  It arrived right on schedule, in perfect condition and she loved the choices inside the basket.  I cannot attest to the food personally, but she loved it!
I always disliked soggy or soft crackers with my peanut butter.  And since I also had discovered I was allergic to wheat, I wanted and needed an alternative.  I originally found these Kame Rice Crunch crackers in Kroger supermarkets.  From the first bite, I loved them, and I wished I had discovered them years ago.  The plain variety has just the right amount of salt for taste, and they are perfectly crunchy and light.  I've occasionally had a hard time finding them, so I'm THRILLED that Amazon is now carrying them.  Give these a try, they are delicious!!
These things are addicting and low in calories and fat too.  I love the Wasabi flavor.
I would recomend this product for it's fine qualities and taste really good. Very nice and crisp for any snack or with meals when you want to help on the lowering of carbohydrate intake.
THESE CRACKERS ARE A GREAT SNACK! NO CHOLESTORAL, AND THEY USE SEA SALT. VERY CRUNCHY, SO ITS LIKE EATING POTATO CHIPS, BUT BETTER FOR YOU. COMES IN DIFFERENT FLAVORS, BUT I PREFER THE PLAIN. I HAVE FOUND THAT THE SALT CONTENT IS DIFFERENT ON SOME PURCHASES, SOMETIMES VERY SALTY AND SOMETIMES HARDLY ANY SALT, MUST BE A PROBLEM ON THE PRODUCTION LINE. THESE CRACKERS BECOME ADDICTING, BUT ITS OK CAUSE RICE IS GOOD FOR US!
I'm so dissapointed these are unavailable right now! I LOVE these crackers with cream cheese - it's my favorite snack! I hope they become available again soon! I can't find them anywhere!
I got 1 pack of these from my local grocery store and tasted them for the first time. To me, they taste just like corn nuts. They are quite hard, so I wouldn't recommend to anyone who doesn't like hard foods. They are crispy and delicious snacks tho. Will buy more. :D
This is an excellent product for the non-gluten diet.  They're good alone as a snack, or you can make a light meal with them by using these rice crackers as a base for spreads or little crispy sandwiches.  Excellent substitute for crackers containing gluten.  Only criticism - wish the price would come down.
Not as good as Sesmark Savory Rice Minis, but these are available at least. They are VERY good. More healthy than potato chips and a bigger crunch. Mmmmmmmm . . .
First time buyer of KA-ME Rice Crackers and I'm very impressed. These are very light, crisp and flavorful. They are as good plain as they are with cold cuts, fruit, etc. Unfortunately, the ones I purchased may be the last I get from this source. Right after I purchased the dozen packs, the price per dozen increased 44% to its present $37.99. Fortunately, I have enough to last a while, but assuming the price stays the same, these are my last KA-ME.
Crackers are great.  Was glad to find them. There is a good selection of flavors.  My favorite is salted, but there are other choices.
Local availability of the Plain variety of these crackers has been unpredictable with stores trimming inventory and dropping all but the highest volume SKUs. Buying on subscription makes it affordable and, so far, reliable.
These rice crackers are truly delicious w/cheese or Peanut butter.  Also I can eat crackers w/o Gluten. As I am allergic to wheat, eggs, Gluten, and Bannas.<br />This is my favorite snack on Sunday nights. They come promptly and save me money. Thank you. J. Wolf
I love these crackers!  Perfect snack for when I need something salty/crunchy instead of potato chips or other greasy snack.  I eat them a lot to hold me over between meals.  The price on amazon is great compared to my local markets.  Highly recommended!
Bottom line, these crackers are a great snack.  Ordering by the case saves some money compared to the $3.45 charged locally.  Whether plain, onion, or sesame (I've never tried the wasabi) these are a low fat, reasonable calorie snack eaten either plain or with something on it.  The only sad thing is that I first ordered them in 2008 for $21 per case.
I ordered Ka-me rice crunch crackers, plain. I received Ka-me gluten-free rice crackers, original, all natural.  Unfortunately, they have soy products in this cracker and therefore I can't eat it.  This looks different from the picture that came with the crackers I ordered.  Apparently I can't return the box of crackers.
I too have begun to drink only Penta water unless absolutely neccessary to drink the other water.  I find that the price of the water is cheaper from the actual website [...] and I get free shipping.  I feel better overall and wish I could get this stuff by the gallon.  Great Product and well worth the price for the improved feeling of well being.
You can purchase this for $35.00 including free shpping straight from Penta's Website.<br /><br />I really enjoy drinking this. I can see a difference with my everyday life.
you won't BELIEVE how many ways this product has saved my life!  I only gave it one star because i'm so dehydrated from drinking regular water all week because i ran out of money before my penta ran out.  when i can afford another shipment, i'll jack it back up to 5 STARS!<br />seriously, folks-- SOME waters just run through your system and you pee them all out right away.  not PENTA! it sticks to your ribs like oatmeal, restoring your body's natural tendencies to develop sympathetic electrolytic rehydration.  but it won't weigh you down!<br />other things i have noticed about this product:<br /><br />I accidentally dropped my cell phone into a glass of it, and when i pulled it out, it had better reception!<br />I was going to discipline my kids after they tried to clean my computer with it, until i discovered that it IMPROVED its functionality!<br />I threw some jumping beans into the bottle, and the next day i had a pair of baby pogo sticks growing in my refrigerator!<br /><br />hey, if you fill up your solar shower with this stuff, you won't even need soap.  it comes at a price, but it's so super!<br /><br />If you are tired with the uninvigorating, boring old swill other people call "water", or are lethargic from all that unenhanced blah that's so bad they can't attach a higher market value to, and you're so over the cheap, readily available and monitored CRAP your McBurbia proffers, then look no further.
I bought bottles of this stuff because of its purity.  I have a VPI record washing machine to get the gunk out of the grooves in my record collection.  You basically scrub the records and vacuum the glop off using a mix of water and detergent.  This water is so pure it ever sinks deeper in the grooves and is a visably better penetrating fluid compared to distilled water much less tap (OH NO!) water with all its impurities.  You wouldn't believe how great my records play once they are deep cleaned.  My wife can always tell when I am playing vinyl instead of a CD "It just sounds more alive"---she says.  This water is highly recommended for this purpose.  I may even drink some of it sometime to see what all the fuss is about.
I love this water.  It is very uplifting.  I feel better drinking it.  It is arsenic free, flouride free, chromium 6 free, chlorine free,and mtbe free-something about reverse osmosis and medicinal grade oxygen really works.  At work, we are no longer allowed to drink soda in our classrooms, so I bought some Penta water. I am hooked.  I like the one liter size bottles.  I wish you would sell those also!  I was lucky to purchase this at Dorthy Lane Market!  Buy this water!
The site doesn't list the ingredients for their products online.  Had I known the product was full of trans fats I would not have ordered it.  Watch your labels.  Partially hydrated = partially hydrogenated.  You have to laugh at the ways manufacturers will try to fool the public.  In the future I will not order a product that doesn't list its ingredients online so that consumers can make informed purchases.<br /><br />Did try the product and found it tasteless.  No heat/spice and it left a waxy film on the roof of the mouth, must be from the wax.  I was going to send it to my son in college but tossed it in the trash instead.  The sad thing is that they do NOT have to use trans fats to get flavor.  They just don't care.
I first tried these in a bundle of other gluten-free products, and it was so fresh. So I decided to buy it in bulk, and the expiration date was only three months. I ended up given most of it away because I didn't have time to eat all of the 12 packages I received. The taste is ok, not too sweet, but I found myself getting sick of it fast.
These are my most favorite nut snacks. Sunflower is my absolute favorite, but the almond, cashew (very buttery and rich), and seasame are really great, too.  Have given as gifts and everyone follows up to ask me where they can buy them.  Great for the kiddos, too!
I love this candy and ate it a lot as a kid. It has been very hard to find in any stores. I am so glad I found it on Amazon. The shipping was fast and the product arrived in excellent condition. It still has the same flavor after all of these years. Try this candy if you love coconut. You will love it too!
This freeze dried ice cream is great! It tastes exactly like the more expensive kind with the astronaut on the package, for a fraction of the price. After receiving this, I understand why it costs less than the "astronaut" kind. The packaging stinks on ice.<br /><br />Normally, freeze dried items are packaged in air tight, foil type packages, so as to not permit light, and most importantly, air into the package. Air is the enemy of freeze dried items, because it contains moisture. The product arrives it is in an air tight can, which you need to open with a can opener. Inside, the individual servings of ice cream are in paper wrappers that will NOT keep air out of the product.<br /><br />It gets worse. The paper wrappers are not only NOT air tight, but they are also ALL slit open. Every serving is slit open in several places. The can says to transfer the servings into a ziplock bag and get as much air out as possible. This may or may not keep the product fresh, but doing so is better than leaving the ice cream in the can.<br /><br />With mine, I got as much air out of the bag as I could, by closing the bag as much as possible around a straw. I then sucked the air out until I could get no more air out, then slipped the straw out, whilst closing the bag in one swift motion. You MUST do this every time you open the bag to retrieve a serving, or air will ruin the delightful texture of the ice cream. So be prepared with large ziplock bags and a straw if you order this product.
My 17 month old can easily eat the whole can in one day if I'd let him. He LOVES these puffs! He just munches on them like they are chocolate (or something that one really loves!). I just lay a bunch on his little table and he will just pick them up so fast and as soon as he is done he'll start whining for more. He does not do that with any other snack! It's insane! I have tried them and I must confess they are good, but can get expensive if baby gets addicted to them. I obviously buy these in bulk. We've only tried the carrot/cheese... I think the other flavor because of the green color may confuse him but I will try those as well as soon as we are done with this pack!
I purchased these for our 10 month old twins a while back and they absolutely loved them. They are now 13 months and still love them. They prefer them over the HappyMelts, even though they like those as well. Below is my pro/cons list:<br /><br />Pros:<br />Both babies love them<br />They are overall healthy, have less sodium, etc than other products of the same type of snack<br />A lot of munchies in each container<br />Great price on Amazon with Subscribe & Save<br /><br />Cons:<br />They are messy as they easily crumble and there are a lot of tiny crumbles in the bottom of the container<br />This particular flavor is sort of flavorless to me, however, my twins seem to disagree with my taste buds
I am a mom of 3 kids. With my older two I had such a hard time finding a snack for them that didn't have so much sodium! When my 3rd came along, HappyFamily introduced HappyMunchies. I was so thankful to find a snack low in sodium and with a vegetable too! And to top it off, it is organic so I know it is free of pesticide residue and GMOs!
Baby loves to feed herself and these are a great on the go option. We have tried other brands (Gerber) but this is her favorite by far and I don't feel bad giving them to her as I know that they are high quality. Hubby tries to steal a few away here and there as well :)
I've bought them many times. Good quality and good taste, baby love it, and I love it too. Reccommend it.
I bought this because it's organic cheese puff. My son love Gerber cheese Lil' Crunchies. I thought he may like this too. I subscribe it once a month. Now there is 4 cans not open. The idea of mixing cheese and carrot is great, but there is no taste for this cheese snack. There is no cheese flavor in the puff. My son opened the can and keeps giving the puff to me. My son love Happybaby's yogurt melts, beef stew, happy baby banana beet blueberry and Spinach, Mango and Pear. This cheese puff does not work for him.
While I worry that I am teaching my baby to be a snacker, these are perfect for the in-between times for my 1 year old grazer. The label tells me that they are a healthier choice for my baby than the typical grocery store aisle alternative. I like to keep these in the car and diaper bag for helping to calm my little one while waiting for meal, etc. I don't think they taste awesome, but he sure eats them like they are going to disappear. That makes me happy!
We love these. The cheddar carrot flavor is far better than the green flavor. My daughter, age 2, likes them both, but because we snack on them in the car I opt for the cheddar carrot which is tasty to me too. I love that they are healthy and I can feel great about giving her these instead of some brightly colored mystery things. Love em
My two boys love the Happy Munchies Cheddar Cheese/Carrot. They request them as their snack as they watch their "show" on t.v. I love that they are low in sodium, includes 25mg of choline per serving (which is great for their eyes)and tastes great. Also, they are Kosher certified which is a plus as well. I love to put these in baggies and keep them in my purse for emergency snacks on the go. Healthy, crunchy and a must buy.
My 1 year old son does really like these- andthey certainly taste better than some of the other finger food snacks.  The only issue is there are lots of crumbs in the can they come in, so it gets messy if you want to dump them into a baggie for on the go.
These are a great alternative to chips.  I wasn't sure how they would be based on other reviews but I am glad I bought them and wish I would of found them sooner.  I have twin 18 month olds and they can't get enough of them.  I like them too!
My son is only 9mo, so he can't say it yet, but he LOVES these.  He gets excited when I even take them out of the pantry!! I like the fact that they are organic and also have carrots.
My son loves them and I can give them to him knowing they melt in his mouth so won't choke and they are good for him too.
The title of my review says it all (as long as it didn't get cut off). These have a lot more air in them than the Gerber Little Crunchies. These crush extremely easily and get dust/crumbs all over the place. Also, they do not taste nearly as good as the Gerber Little Crunchies. They might be better for you, and I like that it has a hint of veggies in it, but my 17 month old isn't very happy with them. She'll snack on them if that's her only option and she's really hungry, but she definitely will not choose them. We first got these several months ago and she's had the same reaction to them every time since then.
Happybaby Happymunchies Baked Organic Cheese and Veggie Snack, Cheddar Cheese/Carrot, 1.63 Ounces (Pack Of 6)<br /><br />Hello, this is six items should be installed, but I only received a, I with amazon contact but nobody reason I, please verify as soon as possible, give me reissue, thank you!!!!
I purchased this at my local health food store and I am enjoying it immensely.  The juice has a nice, robust texture, and it is not overly salty. The flavor is amazingly fresh and refreshing.<br />I combine it with Odwalla flash-pasteurized 100% carrot juice for a well-above-average vegetable juice that is a good energy-booster and makes for a great alternative to orange juice or other sweet juices.<br />Enjoy!
We love these baby food things in a little pouch. Sooooo much easier to feed to a baby or toddler on the go. Our son loves sucking the fruit out and we are pleased that it is both organic and healthy with nothing added - just fruit. For smaller ones, not good to let them handle it themselves, because they love to squeeze it, which gets things everywhere. But older ones can feed to themselves. I like the 3.17 size rather than the bigger one that Plum Organics has for some of the other flavors. It assures that he will eat all or most of it in one sitting rather than having to save some for later. You can also take this size on airplanes without having to have it tested for explosives - not the case with the bigger pouches. I also like that it is BPA free. If your little one likes them, ordering in bulk and with subscribe and save makes them much cheaper than at the store.
I really wanted my kids to love it: these are very convenient on the go and should be delicious... or so it seemed. Unfortunately, none of the kids cared for it -- it tastes like stage 1 baby food (very bland) and is very runny too, so it can get quite messy if you squeeze a little too hard or if the child drops it.
I discovered these when my daughter was about 15 months old. I wish I had found them earlier. They are organic, taste great, are easy for toddlers to handle and very convenient! I always keep some in my purse and in the car when we're out and about. They are not messy, unless of course they decide to squeeze the pouch, which only happens for us when she's not hungry.<br /><br />The Plum Organics line also includes some varieties with fruits and vegetables mixed together. They taste surprisingly good and are one way to get my picky eater to eat some veggies. You can find some varieties at reasonable prices on Amazon, others are more expensive for some reason. Babies R Us has had a sale every other month or so where you can get them for $1 each if you buy them in sets of 8. That is usually when I stock up for the next two months. :)
My daughter will start school this fall and i was concerned about lunches and fruit-to-go choices. We've bought several different fruit pouches at a local organic store and she and I loved these the most. It it not overly sweet (and a strawberry variation as well), tastes really good. She can easily eat 2 of these every day.<br />I really like the fact that it has no sugar and color added + it is organic. Just fruit puree.<br /><br />I, personally, don't like banana variation, but it's just because of my own personal preferences (i like fresh bananas more than cooked), other than that, my daughter approved all of flavors to 10 stars.
Plum products are such a wonderful and yummy idea for the toddler, heck even the adult from time to time. I keep a full stock of every flavor fruit pouch Plum makes for toddlers. They make a great snack to throw in the diaper bag or back pack, whether you are packing a for a trip to the store, school lunches or going to Disneyland! These pouches have saved the day many many times. I have even grabbed one or two to add to my lunch when no other fruit was available for me, and it was really good! I have and will always recommend Plum to every parent I know!
I love Plum organic pouch.  Got this one on sale.  My baby and toddler LOVE this so much.  My 3 years old always ask me for more.
My son loves these and they are great to throw in your diaper bag or take with on trips.  A lot of time I can't find fresh fruit while we are out and about that my son (he is 1) can eat.  These are great because it is actual fruit and he can eat it straight from the pouch.  Just make sure you help them the first couple of times or else you might have a bit of a mess.
Have had other brands like this before, and have always enjoyed them.  These were a really good bargain on sale.
My 8 month old loves this & has no problem holding it & sucking the food out.  This is great for on the go!
this makes feeding on the go so easy! my one-year-old will suck down a pouch in 5 minutes and she loves them!
I bought this for my 15 month old son who has become a very picky eater as of late.  I wanted a fun and easy way to make sure he gets his fruit and veggie servings each day.  This does the trick!  He loves them and he can feed himself.  What more can I say?  (Oh, I actually tried one, and they really are good!)
I tried this product because it was a "Friday Special" and it caught my eye it being 100% fruit and 100% organic.  I don't have any children, but this looked interesting to try because I've been trying to eat healthier and sometimes it's hard to get my recommended amount of fruit servings a day.  I buy fruit but it always seems to go bad before I can eat it all.  I bought the banana mish mash also, and really like it, too.  I like to add it to my oatmeal, or spread it on top of my peanut butter toast, or just by itself!  To clarify the ingredients- it has 3 different fruits, not just peach and not just banana.  Obviously, I'm ok with this...just wanted to throw that out there.  There are multiple things I love about this product.  Here goes.. and not in any particular order...<br />1) Easy to open, convenient, resealable pouch<br />2) It tastes great!<br />3) All natural, 100% fruit...no nasty preservatives or chemicals<br />4) 100% organic<br />5) Great for everyone, not just babies.<br />6) The price is good compared with other similar products, and I love the free shipping!
Not as tasty as the strawberry but still very nice. Great to throw in a diaper bag or purse. Spendy but definitely a good deal when it's on sale.
These are awesome and if you know where to find the discount codes they can be super inexpensive.  I love the all natural ingrediants and I actually find them to taste great.  I actually put a little in my older kids oatmeal and they love it too.  I make 90% of my daughters baby food but this great for on the go or as a supplement.<br /><br />My twin niece and nephew who are 18 months old love these as a snack and my sister says they are so great for car rides or trips to the museum.  I highly recommend these over any other baby food product.
this is perfect for babies and toddlers on the go! we started using the baby version when my daughter was an infant--it is so easy to throw a pouch and a baby spoon into the diaper bag. now that my daughter is older, she is able to feed herself with the pouch. just give your toddler the pouch and they will squeeze/suck the fruit out of it. not only is the packaging great, but the fruit tastes good as well (and yes, I have tasted everything that I feed my daughter). my daughter loves this--her whole face lights up when I hand her a pouch.
I know these are super trendy right now, and I totally wanted to love this product (or, to be more exact, I wanted my toddler to love this product). He took one taste, handed it back to me, and said, "Why you gave me baby food, mom?" I tasted it, and he is right. It tastes just like jarred baby food. Same consistency (not any thicker), too. If your kid likes the packaging, great. If your kid doesn't, then it is just really, really expensive baby food. I'm going to give the rest to my baby, as the toddler is not the least bit interested.
Well, maybe I'm the first one to review this wonderful treat, but I know I'm not the first one having tried them! This treat is so safe, healthy, and yummy! In my native language, Miam-Miam is for Yum-Yum!<br />There you go. Not too sweet, yet not lacking sweetness. You can't taste one ingredient above the other one (OK, besides the coconut, since it's mostly made of it), it's so good.<br /><br />This is a raw food product that has been dehydrated at low temps, it's really nice to give to our kids. (We have 7 of them, and they love it). Of course it's a bit more expensive than your average treats/candies, but hey, who wants to complain?<br /><br />Do you want crappy candies with dyes, chemicals and cooked (so basically poison), or you want to give REAL FOOD for yourself and your kids?<br /><br />I bet if people learn to do/prepare these treats and give that to their kids, school would be less filled with Asperger Syndromes, ADD, ADHD kids etc....<br /><br />This is a treat that you won't regret having spent money on it, unless of course... you are so used to the chemical loaded-pesticide-herbicide-overly cooked-High Fructose Corn Syrup-dyed candy, then it's not for you.<br /><br />Keep your money instead, you'll need it for the bills you'll have when you go to the numerous Docs that can't help you and your kids. Sorry....:(
This flavor is awful! We absolutely love all the other flavors but goji cacao & maca is really difficult to get down. I give all the other flavors 5 stars!
Delicious and nutritious! We live for coconut and nut treats since we don't eat grains. When I want to splurge, I pick up a bag of these from Whole Foods or my local indie health store. They average around $10 here unless they're on sale. :) I'd looove to be able to buy these in bulk. YUM YUM!
We have been feeding this to our dogs for over a year.  Over the past few months, we have had a problem with the cases of Grammy's Pot Pie cans.  Some cans were full of chunks of fat and a thick lard-like gravy with no veggies, and some cases were fine with chicken and veggies,etc. What happened to truth in labeling?  We also had the problem with the cans being only half-full sometimes. Our dogs were getting bad diarhea from the fat in the food so we had to stop giving them Merrick.<br />  They need to start testing their food again.  It used to be great.  Look at the old reviews from last year and before.
I've been feeding this wet food to my dogs for 3 years, and as my husband has said "if you through it in a crock pot and served it to me for dinner i would have no idea it was dog food." But i am a little upset with the fact that the cans aren't full. In this last case some were even only half full. I have 4 dogs and this stuff isn't cheap.
Please think twice about purchasing this product, especially if you have a small-breed dog. I was lured by the cute, gimmicky labeling and sold by the ingredient list, but I twice fed Merrick canned food to both of my dogs, and BOTH times, BOTH dogs were diagnosed with pancreatitis -- an illness which is dangerous,  extremely painful to the animal, and which requires hospitalization. I'm not sure if the fat content in those particular cans was high, or if Merrick uses an ingredient/additive that somehow sickened both of my (unrelated) dogs, but this food made them very ill. After their second hospitalization for pancreatitis, I spoke with other folks who had stopped feeding Merrick to their small-breed dogs for the same reason -- the food caused vomiting, diarrhea, and lethargy in their pets.
I am just passing along the 5-star rating from our three Miniature Schnauzers. This stuff is a big hit at our house. We give them each an easy to digest kibble that's good for them and put a tablespoon of Pot Pie on top. No more turned up noses now - they wolf it all down. Be sure to mix it up real good before serving.
I just switched from Merrick Whole Earth brand pate style to this upgraded line by Merrick and my dog loves it!  This a great for dogs that like "human" food.
We adopted an 8-year-old Dalmatian earlier this year, and heard lots of cautionary tales about special diet. But we couldn't pass up trying a can of this dog food--sadly, just because of the name. Well, she loves it! So now it's her special occasion food. We mix half a can with a cup of dry, 2X/day, with no nasty side effects. She also likes Wingaling and the Napa Valley offerings from this company. It's high in protein and works for us!
so happy we found this online for a reasonable price.  my two dogs love this stuff and it doesn't upset their stomachs.  Plus I love that it's not made in china or something.  when you look at the food, it looks pretty close to people food. You can see real chunks of chicken and veggies.  I don't want to give my dogs any manufactured stuff but also don't have the time to make our own dog food.
I give Merrick canned food as a treat and mix it to my dog's dry kibble (and the cat even gets a taste) every now and then.  The Chicken Pot Pie smells better than any human chicken pot pie I can remember.
My dog thinks he was born into the gentry and is entitled to fine dining each evening.  Accordingly, he will not eat plain kibble.  A scoop of this on his dry food, a little water to make gravy and we're good to go.  Ordering a case from Amazon was way easier than picking up individual cans at the pet store, too.  All in all, a success for us.
I switched to Merrick dog food several years ago (2007) when all the dog food seemed to be tainted with the rat poison - specificlly Aminopterin - and was getting worse by the day.<br /><br />My dog is my life and I would have been devastated to know I had fed her something that would have caused the suffering and anguished death and illness that many of these pets had been forced to endure. So, I started to look around and found it appalling that there was such little oversight in pet food manufacture and control regarding ingredients and labelling. I knew that it was NOT natural for dogs who had been carnivores for thousands of years to be eating all this processed "scrap" and bonemeal - no matter how the companies tried to "re-label" it. I also though, knew how critical it was for animals to get critical micro-nutrients in appropriately balanced levels and it could be equally devastating for someone uneducated in animal nutrition to think that they could just 'home-cook' meals which could leave gaping holes in these essential minerals, vitamins and micro-nutrients; not to mention the ratios of fats, oils, proteins that the animals need. So, I was searching for a company I could TRUST!<br /><br />I found Merrick and have not turned back! We have never been happier and use both Grammy Pot Pie Kibble as well as some of these canned dog food cans - though since 'we' are a small dog we use the "smaller" sized cans (cat food sized 5.5oz) The cans are ironically enough - filled with ingredients that you can read and UNDERSTAND. You can also go to their website and find out what any ingredient that may sound 'foreign' really is and why they used it - I found out they were almost always a natural ingredient that is an alternative to a processed chemical. I also found it comforting that particularly with the canned food I could open it and RECOGNIZE ingredients like a potato looking like a suprise, POTATO! Or a pea, carrot, etc. My dog LOVES this merrick food and has never been healthier! Our vet constantly comments on her blood work levels coming back at "perfect levels" and she is almost 9. Her coat is really healthy and probably what is noticed by most pet owners and yet not the most 'pleasant' aspect to discuss, is that she has almost NO gas (I don't give her much if any people food either) but when she is given other brands she can be really hard to sit near on ocassion :) . I think the phrase you get out what you put in applies here as well... I will not switch from Merrick food - ever! My only regret is that I did not start feeding my little four-legged one Merrick sooner!
I had heard this was wonderful canned food, so I tried it for my very fussy schnauzer. I was first surprised to see a layer of fat on the top when I opened the can....I scraped that off and added a couple spoonfuls to her dry....and she sniffed it and walked away. She does seem to like the Merrick BG dry food. I chose the buffalo flavor and my girl says this is a winner.
My little Lhasa Apso mix was diagnosed with diabetes a couple of months ago, so I found Merrick's Grammy's Pot Pie to be low glycemic, and decided to try it. He loves this food! It has chunks of potatoes, carrots, and peas, not to mention chicken and apples. The only downside about ordering it from Amazon is the delivery method. The day the food was delivered, a van pulled up in front of my house and left the 5 cases of food I had ordered outside of my chain link fence next to the mailbox. Needless to say, someone could have taken it if I hadn't seen the delivery woman drop it off. I'm also disabled, and if it hadn't been for my next-door neighbor being outside at the time, I couldn't have gotten the cases of food into my house without her help. Many of the cans were also extremely dented. Delivering items this way is not acceptable. I would have given this review 5 stars if it hadn't been for the delivery.
I have a special needs pet and searched for the right food.  Since Amazon has been a five star resource I chose to have Pot Pie shipped. Many of the cans are dented.  So I have to toss them or return. This is a big hassle but would not ever feed a dented can to my beloved boy.  Best to purchase at the pet store, evidently.
This canned food has real chunks of chicken in it.  Dogs love it.  Looks and smells better than human-quality canned beef stew (like Dinty Moore).
Watch out for the fat-- 9g of fat per 17g serving.<br /><br />I guess I knew that nuts have high fat but somehow I was stuck on the "100 Calories..."<br />The flavor of these is delicious.  The wasabi flavor has a hint of smokiness.<br /><br />(From the packaging)<br />INGREDIENTS: ALMONDS, VEGETABLE OIL (CANOLA, SAFFLOWER AND/OR SUNFLOWER), SUGAR, MODIFIED CORN STARCH, SALT, SOY SAUCE (SOYBEAN, WHEAT, SALT) HORSERADISH, ONION, SPICE, FRACTIONATED COCONUT OIL AND/OR PALM KERNEL OIL, GARLIC, MALTODEXTRIN, YEAST ESTRACT, NATURAL FLAVOR, CITRICT ACID, DISODIUM GUANYLATE AND DISODIUM INOSINATE<br />FROM CALIFORNIA<br />Serving Size-- 17g (one bag)<br />Calories 100  ...Fat Cal 80<br />Total Fat 9g ... sat. fat 0.5<br />Sodium 70mg<br />Potassium 110mg<br />Total carb 3g<br />Dietary fiber 2g<br />Sugars 1g<br />Protein 3g<br />Calcium 4%  ... Iron 4% ... Vitamin E 20% ... Magnesium 10%
Now let me start by saying I did not buy this tea as a diet supplement. I bought this because I tried it from a local store as I was looking for a tea that had some peppermint in it but not so much it was over-powering like a full peppermint tea. This has just the right amount of peppermint combined with a green tea. Overall it is a pleasant taste that I could drink all day.
This tea is very good.  I discovered it while visiting in California. The moment I got home I searched local stores for it and I was not able to find it.  Finally I decided to see if Amazon had it and they did and I bought two boxes.  As long as they make it I will buy it.
The tea tastes great and helped me curb cravings during dieting. The tea was inexpensive and came packaged in a pretty box. The bags are flimsy, but I just throw the bag in a tea ball with no worries. I will continue to keep this on hand as part of my tea collection.
I love this TEA. It has a very smooth taste and not bitter like other kind of tea. I do agree that the string seems to come apart easily but I can live with that. No big deal! The quality of TEA makes up for that.
I found this exact same stuff at the dollar store.  It is pretty good.  Not as good or as strong as my loose whole leaf tea, but for the price it can't be beat. Bags are never as good as loose leaf.  I use it if I want one quick cup.  I steep my loose leaf tea 2-3 times, so I have to have time to drink 2-3 cups.  I gave this 4 stars because it is a good deal for the money purchased from the dollar store. If I make myself a mug, and because it is cheap, I use 2 bags.  I would have been disappointed if I had paid the original price on here for it though.
I ordered through source in the past and cancelled my membership due to the excessive charges every month. I was happy to look on amazon and find that I could purchase for much cheaper and use my prime account. This tea IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ONE THAT CAME IN THE BLACK BOX..The orignal tea is brown and this tea is green...the pamphlet is the same inside as the other and the fragile tea bags are the same but the tea is different. This one comes packaged much preetier but it does not taste the same. I have lost 20 pounds in the last 2 months by drinking this tea in the morning and only water throughout the day that is my only diet change. I used the other tea for a month and half and this new tea for 3 weeks now.. I dont want to stop taking the tea just is in case it is the contributor to my weight loss. The next order I will try the other tea that you have to pay for shipping on. I hope I can find this orginal stuff because this is not it.
Not much else to say... I keep a box in my desk here at work, and I can enjoy a cup anytime!  Nice flavor, and no bitterness, so I can drink it straight without sugar!<br /><br />Pros:  Flavor and value.<br /><br />Cons:  It can't do my taxes for me... that's really about all I can think of.  lol
I got tired of overpaying for tea at Teavana so decided to try this brand of Oolong tea and was pleasantly surprised. It has a wonderful flavor and like the previous reviewer, I just put the bag in a tea ball to compensate for the poor quality of the bags. You just can't beat the value of this tea!
this is a high quality oolong tea and i can't go back to bigelow, that's for sure! the taste is great, it is said to have slimming benefits, and the tea bags are a higher quality that don't come apart easily.
I got two bags from my friend who got it from his friend who said it was primo. So I chucked them in a zip-lock when I got home. 3 mos. later I opened it and had some today. I am online trying to find more.
so far, nothing extremely impressive. the taste to be honest isn't anything special (i've had MUCH better) and for the price you get what you pay for. a bit annoyed that the string is super cheap and always falls off but it came nicely packaged and arrived MUCH faster than i expected (by like 5 days) so i suppose that's a plus. all in all, if you're looking for something extravagant, keep looking. as for the 'benefits', haven't really noticed anything new... but i'll keep drinking for a couple weeks and see how that goes, then update my review... till then, yeah maybe i should i invested in something else (but since it was barely any money i guess i didn't do too bad)..
Just got my teabags today, and the first bag I made tea with... the part of the teabag where the string is connected to the bag tore across the bag after seeping.  The bag remained intact though. The second bag, while unwrapping the teabag... the tag ripped the bag right open.<br /><br />The tea tasted fine, not very strong like most other oolong teas.  The quality of the tea bag is like some flimsy material.  Two out of two broke... I guess I need to be more careful with the others.
You just can't beat the taste of the original Dubble Bubble Gumballs! It really doesn't matter that the taste only last a minute or so, but that is why I bought the tub! The  tub by the way is very convenient  and was shipped to me in A+++ condition! If your longing for the classic taste go for it! You will not be dissappointed!
Holy cow!  I have never seen this much grease in a boxed product like this!  Also, it has enough salt to kill an entire family of slugs!  Use it in your garden, don't eat it!
Using the entire sauce packet is over kill, leaving a salty greasy puddle at the bottom of the carton. Otherwise noodles are well made, and sauce is reasonably well flavored. Quick and easy, a no brainer.
I had high hopes for this product when I first opened the package because the noodles had a great texture and the sauce looked appealing.  The food was easy to prepare at my workplace.  However to me, the taste was very oily and flavorless.  I'm a big peanut satay fan and was expected more spice in the flavor.
This is pretty good stuff. You can't expect a whole lot from instant box-o-noodles, but this is the best out of all the other brands I've tried before. The noodles have good constancy and the peanut sauce is really tasty as well. I'm going to buy more.
"It tastes better than it looks" was the first thing I said the a skeptical co-worker looking at my peanut satay as it came out of the microwave.  Unfortunately, it's as fattening as it looks, so I likely won't be purchasing it often.  I could see this mixing with chicken or beef and tasting even better though!
while its not traditional satay  it is very good the oil is ok cause without it it would be too dry, i had some of these that were a year and a half old i made it and it was fine, i will buy again
I love peanut satay.  This product is truly terrible.  In no way does it resemble that dish.  Oily, salty and tastes lousy.  Don't waste your money on this brand.
I adore this brand of peanut satay noodles.  Unlike the other ethnic-foods-in-box, Ka-Me's noodles and sauces are flavorful and delicious.  However, there's certainly a downside.  This dish is greasy, fattening, and high in calories.  If you read the nutritional information, you'll find that this tiny box contains two servings that are high in fat and not very filling.<br /><br />My advice?  Split this dish with a friend and serve with a small serving of rice.  The sauce is flavorful and potent enough that it bleeds into the rice.  An instant and tasty multi-dish meal!
This is NOT real peanut satay but for the price it is not bad. I like to get these and keep them in my desk at work for the days that I don't have time to go out to lunch. These are really easy to make; just mix together the cooked noodles and the bag of sauce and microwave for about 2 minutes. You will not get a restaurant quality meal out of this but it is decent for just over $2.00 a box. The box says it is 2 servings but if you are not mixing in any meat or anything, it really is only 1 serving.
A nearby Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Market stocks a number of gourmet imported products and I enjoy trying them. One is a variety of Baxters soups from Canada. Today, I had the Butternut Squash and Red Pepper Soup. Quite good. Smooth and mellow. Mild taste, but delicious. Goes down real easy and it only comes to 90 calories per serving (2 servings per can). Alas, the sodium content is a bit higher than I like. Otherwise, very good.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I have been using this product for years and was happy to find it on line since our local place (Bristol Farms) had closed.  I love it especially in my salad dressings.
The pomegranate molasses arrived on time and in good condition.  I encountered this as an ingredient in a Mollie Katzan cookbook and it did not disappoint.  We thinned it just a little with warm water and used it as a side sauce for roasted asparagus at a barbecue, and got many rave reviews from our guests, vegetarian and non-vegetarian alike.  I recommend both the vendor and this item.
Fast, professional transaction.  I needed this one ingredient for a new recipe and it turned out great!  Now I just need to find more uses for this stuff.
Only Pom.Mol.I've ever used but this seemed to have the same flavor the Chef came up with for a pomegranate relish for fish. It seems to have a bit of a brown appearance though where the one the Chef used was a brighter red color.
I have two recipes I'm anxious to try that call for pomegranate molasses. I've called all the specialty and best markets in the Sacramento area and no one's heard of this, much less carries it.  It's common in Mediterranean recipes, goes with shrimp, fish, chicken, beef and pork. I was delighted to find it on Amazon and look forward to using mine in a fabulous short ribs recipe.  I'm also passing along the info to my friends so they can order their own -- or I may give as gifts to my gourmet cook friends.
I would recommend this product.  I received it in a timely manner and the price was good.
Pomegranate molasses is my mother's "secret" recipe for great meatballs. She adds a couple teaspoon of molasses to the meat and the taste comes out incredible.<br /><br />Once I set-up my own household she gave me a present - Pomegranate Molasses of my own. I learned to use it in variety of recipes from deserts to meat sauces. It has a wonderful taste both tart and sweet at the same time. It has deep red color, and looks very appealing.<br /><br />It keeps almost indefinitely in the refrigerator. It blends well with walnuts, adds a unique flavor to beans, adds wonderful flavor to poultry, gives a nice taste to fish, gives an astringent edge to salads and vegetables, and is a great tenderizer for lamb and pork.<br /><br />I like its flavor even just diluted with cold water as a drink or adding tart flavor (and beautiful color) to sorbets.<br /><br />Ali Julia review
So I bought this pomegranate molasses to make Fattoush, the delicious middle eastern salad of greens, cukes, tomatoes and torn up bits of fried, leftover pita bread.  Wowee, Fattoush is now my favorite salad, I've eaten so often lately that the tart lemon-y dressing has made the corners of my mouth turn a bit pinkish and raw, youch. I tend to do that, find a food I really like, then eat it so much I almost make myself sick on it.<br /><br />Anyways, the Fattoush salad dressing, with it's complex blend of Sumac, olive oil and various herbs and spices required one half teaspoon of pomegranate molasses.  I was lucky enough to find it at a Russian grocery store (YAY!).  But the store is far away and so I had to look around online to buy more, thank God for Amazon.<br /><br />Now, granted, my bottle will likely last years if all I do with it is make Fattoush, one goopy half teaspon at a time, so I've used it in a few other things.  I added a teaspoon to a Lemon Chicken Marinade, a tiny glob to a bowl of greek yogurt (had to add honey too cuz it was sour!),  a tiny amount added to Christmas Salmon cream cheese log, I used it in Fesenjen, a persian stew of chicken and walnuts, I used a few tablespoons of the sticky stuff in a garlicky barbecue sauce and it was the best barbecue ever.<br /><br />Just don't do what I did and try to replace the molasses in molasses cookies with pomegranate molasses, what a horrible mess, the cookies looked normal, slightly lighter than normal, but the smell!  And the taste!  Ewwww!
Always wanted to make my own hummus and eggplant dip - this brand of tahini I'd never tried before or seen in supermarkets, so I decided to order and try it....excellent by itself or in recipes! Highly recommended.
This was a very good puchase. The shipper was very fast and very friendly. The Tahini was very fresh and of good quality. I will order again.
We love to make Hummus, and love to make sandwitches, salad dressings. One of our kids favorite foods is Tahini over cold Undon Noodles.
Having lived in the Middle East for 10 years, our family loves hummos and we make a lot of it.  This is the best brand I've ever found in the U.S.  I like the taste and the texture of this one, and it mixes wonderfully with the other ingredients.  I found it somewhere locally, then when I went to buy more I couldn't find it again.  Krinos is so much better than all the brands you find in health food stores or supermarkets, and the price happens to be about half of what most stores charge for a similar amount of tahini.  I was delighted to find it on Amazon!
I have never used Tahini before - and my hummus was good, but always, something was missing... After I found out of Tahini, I ordered it (and it was shipped extremelly fast)and used it. The result was amazing! One spoon into the hummus prepared from one bag (1lb beans) and I had my favorite ready to go!
Very bitter and not nearly as thick as expected. Very runny, actually. There are better brands out there.
We purchased these for our son to give out when his baby boy is born.  They make a very nice announcement of the new arrival.  They are however very hard if you actually want to chew the bubble gum.
Hi,<br /><br />My first grandson was born and I wanted everything under the sun to celebrate!  This is a wonderful idea that has been around for a very long time!  HOWEVER......everything was fine and wonderful except the fact that they just weren't fresh.  These little bubble gum cigars were as hard as a rock!  The moral of the story is that being a "fun" item the shipping was as much as the cigars themselves....at least they could have been fresh and not hard.
I purchased this item to celebrate the birth of my grandson.  I should have opted for real cigars, they might have tasted better. These cigars were very hard and hurt my teeth to chew. Not to mention that these gum cigars were much too sweet.
ordered some from an amazon-fulfilled associate. Normal amazon shipping etc...The cigars were cracked and stale. How does chewing gum shatter and break? No way it was fit for consumption.<br />Easy return process.
This product arrived in a timely manner, in good condition, and it was a hit with the family when my son arrived.
When our third child, and first son was born, we sent our oldest to school (Kindergarten) with these for her friends to celebrate. It really made her feel important at school, and helped her celebrate the birth of our little boy. She loved doing it, and her friends enjoyed them too. BTW- teachers, we did clear it with the teachers at school first, so no hate mail please!
I have nothing but good service ever since I started ordering from amazon.com.  Keep up the good work.
There is much confusion about tomatoes, and shopping on-line in this case adds to the complexity.  These are not the best tomatoes offered at the time of this writing.  The Strianese are hands down the best.  My local store sells them.  I have been using them for fifteen years.  But they are significantly more expensive and the shipping is brutal.  No Prime shipping with them.  I use these specific Cento when I am not home.  It all depends on how much your sauce means to you.<br /><br />But you need to know what you are buying.  These Cento tomatoes are 1) San Marzano sauce tomatoes; 2) they are D.O.P. certified 3) and this point is often overlooked, they are from the Sarnese Nocerino.  They are the second best in terms of absolute flavor.  Bright from proper acid, deep from proper natural salt/sugar balance.  You probably cannot get better tomatoes fresh unless you know a specialty grower, or do it yourself and have no day job.  Cento sells many others, much cheaper, that are not these.<br /><br />The price per can is good.  The best deal is if you have Amazon Prime and get regular shipments.  I get three large batches per case, enough to feed the mob that forms on sauce day.<br /><br />Most people are happy with the many good canned tomatoes, especially when you look at the poor genetically engineered ersatz "fresh" tomatoes at the supermarket.  But if you are a maestro, these are what you want.
I've had a lot of San Marzano tomatoes in my day, both fresh and canned, and typically they are the best tomatoes on the planet. I opened the first can from this order, and the tomatoes weren't very good at all - nothing like I was used to. I later noticed that the can does not have the "D.O.P. Certified" label, like the photo on the Amazon page does. These tomatoes are not D.O.P. certified, and are not real San Marzano tomatoes. They are a cheap imitation.  The seller tried to mimic the label of real san marzano tomatoes so they could sell them for a higher price. I would recommend you stay away from these.  You can get better tomatoes for a fourth the price at your local grocery store.
The label is misleading. Cento actually sells two kind of San Marzano with the same label other than one that says D.O.P. certified. You will receive the one w/o the D.O.P. if you order from Amazon. I have made the mistake in the grocery store not realizing Cento sells ones are D.O.P and ones that are not and did not realize till it was too late. The true D.O.P. ones I have to say make the best sauce! You can taste the difference.
Buyer beware! The label on the Amazon site clearly states "D.O.P Certified" but the product received does NOT match the site label and does NOT state "D.O.P. Certified" This is bait and switch and I will file a complaint with Amazon.
DOP San Marzano canned tomatoes are the finest canned tomatoes on the planet... but I can get these for literally half the price at my local grocery store. Is this unusual? Boston is pretty heavily Italian in some areas... maybe that makes a difference. i don't understand why anyone would buy them at this price. Check your local grocery store before you buy them at this price.
You order (and pay for)D.O.P. Certified San Marzano tomatoes but you will receive "CERTIFIED" which means absolutely nothing. A true SM tomato will have an EU D.O.P emblem on the label plus the Corsorzio San Marzano stamp. This is false advertising.  If you enlarge the picture shown you can see on the upper left side partially one of the stamps. You will not receive this DOP label.  You will  receive another tomato from somewhere in the region under the Cento name. Typical marketing hoodwinking. Amazon refuses to take returns on this item, so beware.
Since a DOP product is not readily available at my local grocery stores, I got really excited when I saw the photo of this product at the Amazon website because the photo states that this product is "D.O.P. Certified."<br /><br />But when I received the shipment, it was a huge disappointment.  It was a different product than what the photo promised.  (I can buy the one that was delivered to me at my local grocery stores very easily.)  Very disappointing.............
I've used Cento San Marzano DOP certified tomatoes many times in the past and was always pleased with the quality of these great tomatoes.<br />That said, this is the 1st time I've ordered this item from Amazon and ALL 12 cans arrived completely dented and banged up!<br />Terrible presentation for an expensive item.<br />As an aside, none of the cans I received has a "DOP CERTIFIED" label but only "CERTIFIED" and no serial # on the side of the cans so I'm not sure if these tomatoes are actually DOP certified or not???
The Amazon product info claims they are a certified organic product.  The picture claims DOP certified.  Neither appears to be true.  The cans I received were just "certified", and it didn't say by who.  There is no USDA Organic label either.  I also knew all these things before I bought them since they are well documented in the Amazon reviews already, so I wasn't surprised by what I received.<br /><br />On the plus side, they are better tomatoes than I can buy canned in the grocery stores locally, so I'm happy enough with them, and I used reward points from my Amazon.com Visa to buy them, so they were essentially free to me.<br /><br />Would I buy them again?  Maybe.  If couldn't get any of the Strianese D.O.P. certified San Marzano tomatoes, then yes I probably would.  As I said, they are tasty and I do like them better than what I can buy locally, but they aren't the top tomato when it comes to what I can mail order.
I discovered these wonderful tomatoes and yes, they are worth paying for. Unfortunately in my area they are approaching 6 bucks a can and never go on sale. Walmart has them for about 4 dollars a can, but I prefer not to be tied down to that store. The local "Italian mart" advertised san marzano tomatoes, 4 cans for 5 dollars- too good to  be true? yes, in fact , these are very ordinary tomatoes. I am on the hunt for these wonderful tomatoes at a good price.They turn an ordinary recipe into a gourmet experience.
The can that is shown says D.O.P. certified but when my relative ordered them from Amazon.com, the cans that were shipped only indicate CERTIFIED. One can buy these non-DOP at any Walmart. What do they mean by CERTIFIED? Certified as to what?<br /><br />Unfortunately, the venders are making fools of Amazon.com. As a consequence, I am staying away from Cento products entirely. Fool me and Amazon once, shame on Cento; fool me and Amazon twice, shame on me and Amazon. There is no way I can make this review FUN!
I received my order with a few problems. The majority of the cans arrived dented, some very severely! Amazon needs to add better packing material to keep the cans from moving around in the shipping box, I am surprised they haven't fixed this shipping issue by now because of all the complaints here in the reviews. However, Amazon is really great when it comes to problems like this with food items...they are shipping me a new order, no charge, and I get to keep my original order! I am hoping my new order arrives in better condition! These San Marzano Tomatoes are not "DOP Certified"! Even though the description says they are? Many people have complained about this in the reviews so I am surprised Amazon is still listing them as "DOP Certified"? However, they are very good quality tomatoes and Certified Organic. I have also noticed the price of this item fluctuates often so here's a tip...place it in your shopping cart and then save it for later, check your cart daily and wait for the price to drop! I paid $20.79 but I have seen the price as high as $53.00, so it pays to be patient. Good luck!
these are not DOP they're just "certified" which means nothing significant. they should go a step further with a little more nonsense and write "department certified". real dop tomatoes are much better.
Purchased a small case of these tomatoes. I used them for Pizza Sauce and they tasted great. The labels looked identical to the picture posted on Amazon.
I love San Marzano tomatoes and Cento's are great. They have the greatest, sweetest taste ever. Worth ever penny and than some.
They tomatoes are certified San Marzano but not DOP like the item shows in picture. I called amazon and they sent me another box of 12 for free to fix issue. THe new shipment was still certified not DOP.  So please know this. Tomatoes are ok but not the best fyi.
I purchased a case of these tomatoes a couple of months ago, and the cans were so badly bent and warped my can opener won't open them.  I complained to Amazon and they shipped another case out right away - but those cans are worse than the first case!  I won't order again.
The product image is misleading. The image has the tomatoes as D.O.P. certified, but the tomatoes I received are not....
these tomatoes are perfect for italian recipes.....full flavor, not too acidic and VERY italian!  Always the best choice for italian cooking....
most if not all of the cans were dented in some way, however it is a cheaper method of purchasing this product
This is a fine product.  Why? Sure, it's has a flavor that on other tomato has, an earthy taste.
Merchandise was not damaged during shipment but supplier send me damaged and incorrect merchandise.  3/4 of the cans were badly dented and the cans they shipped were not DOP Certified.  They sent me lower standard merchandise.  Received full refund from Amazzon.
I have read past reviews where people complained about receiving dented cans with this product. I had a previous shipment where all was well, but not this time. The shipment came in a badly mangled box, but I thought all would be well when the interior box was pristine. I was very surprised to find a badly dented can in an undamaged box. This tells me that the can was already dented when packed. Amazon should reconsider their source for this product--the tomatoes are superior but the packing stinks.
The product is great ... but it is priced nearly twice what it retails for in local markets. I dont mind paying a little for convenience of home delivery, but this is too much
Received Different than pictured. Labels Just say "certified" not "D.O.P. CERTIFIED". Don't know if that is the same and after a couple of orders I am not going to put the effort in to find out.<br />Also came with Basil. I want tomatoes only. Not Basil.<br />A couple cans dented like others have said.<br />My case was $44 now its $60.<br />I'm over the tomato thing. I'll buy what I want in the store.
Of the 12 cans shipped 11 of them had very, very serious dents in them. I'm not talking dings, I talking serious dents.  So dented that I truly thought of throwing them away.  My husband stopped me though because at $5 a can he felt that it was too wasteful.  In my local grocery store, items this dented are put into a reduced price bin, because they usually don't move otherwise.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002C4HZ00">Cento San Marzano Certified Tomatoes, 28-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>
This product is indeed fabulous and you can get it at many grocery stores for a lesser price.  Overall a great product and makes awesome red sauce!  TO SQUISM:  I find it very disturbing that you casually refer to hitting your wife, even if you are joking, this is not the place for that sort of behavior!!!!  If you really hit your wife your a punk coward.  Domestic abuse IS NOT a laughing matter and I was personally offended by your review.  Try to maintain some amount of class when posting on here.  I am sure that is something you are incapable of doing, judging by your disgusting and classless review.
It's a shame to use so much corn syrup for babies! I'm very disappointed when I noticed that. The same kind sold in China is even better.
Do you really want to be feeding your baby a bottle of corn syrup???<br />i used this until i realized that. i switched to gerber, its so much better for your baby.
If your child is truly lactose intolerant, this product is great.  If fussiness/gas is an issue, then consider staying with Similac Advance or another formula that is made primarily with **milk**.  This product did seem to create less fussiness in our baby, but honestly I think the Dr Brown bottles made a bigger impact.  Make your own trade-off between fussiness vs. nutrition, just be aware of which formulas are made with corn sweeteners and which are truly milk-based.<br /><br />It's misleading for the company to label the product as "milk-based" when it has minor ingredients "derived from" milk.  Read the list of ingredients (below).  I found the ingredients on the parent company's website (Abbott Nutrition).  Don't try to find the ingredients list on the Simlac website -- it's not there (perhaps for good reason).<br /><br />SIMILAC SENSITIVE Ingredients:<br />Corn Maltodextrin, Sugar (Sucrose), Milk Protein Isolate, High Oleic Safflower Oil, Soy Oil, Coconut Oil, Galactooligosaccharides*. Less than 1.0% of the Following: C. Cohnii Oil, M. Alpina Oil, Beta-Carotene, Lutein, Lycopene, Calcium Phosphate, Potassium Citrate, Modified Corn Starch, Potassium Chloride, Magnesium Chloride, Monoglycerides, Soy Lecithin, Carrageenan, Calcium Carbonate, Ascorbic Acid, Choline Chloride, Sodium Chloride, Ferrous Sulfate, Choline Bitartrate, Taurine, m-Inositol, dl-Alpha-Tocopheryl Acetate, Zinc Sulfate, L-Carnitine, Niacinamide, Calcium Pantothenate, Cupric Sulfate, Thiamine Chloride Hydrochloride, Vitamin A Palmitate, Riboflavin, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Folic Acid, Manganese Sulfate, Potassium Iodide, Phylloquinone, Biotin, Sodium Selenate, Vitamin D3, Cyanocobalamin, Potassium Hydroxide, and Nucleotides (Adenosine 5'-Monophosphate, Cytidine 5'-Monophosphate, Disodium Guanosine 5'-Monophosphate, Disodium Uridine 5'-Monophosphate).<br />* Sourced from milk (GOS).<br /> A source of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).<br /> A source of arachidonic acid (ARA).<br /><br />SIMILAC ADVANCE Ingredients:<br />Nonfat Milk, Lactose, High Oleic Safflower Oil, Soy Oil, Coconut Oil, Galactooligosaccharides*, Whey Protein Concentrate. Less than 0.5% of the Following: C. Cohnii Oil, M. Alpina Oil, Beta-Carotene, Lutein, Lycopene, Ascorbic Acid, Calcium Carbonate, Potassium Citrate, Soy Lecithin, Monoglycerides, Potassium Chloride, Carageenan, Magnesium Chloride, Ferrous Sulfate, Choline Bitartrate, Choline Chloride, Taurine, Calcium Phosphate, Potassium Phosphate, m-Inositol, Zinc Sulfate, Niacinamide, d-Alpha-Tocopheryl Acetate, Calcium Pantothenate, L-Carnitine, Riboflavin, Vitamin A Palmitate, Cupric Sulfate, Thiamine Chloride Hydrochloride, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Folic Acid, Manganese Sulfate, Phylloquinone, Biotin, Sodium Selenate, Vitamin D3, Cyanocobalamin, Sodium Chloride, Potassium Hydroxide, and Nucleotides (Adenosine 5'-Monophosphate, Cytidine 5'-Monophosphate, Disodium Guanosine 5'-Monophosphate, Disodium Uridine 5'-Monophosphate).<br />* Sourced from milk (GOS)<br /> A source of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).<br /> A source of arachidonic acid (ARA).<br />Guanosine 5'-Monophosphate, Disodium Uridine 5'-Monophosphate).<br />* Sourced from milk (GOS)<br /> A source of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).<br /> A source of arachidonic acid (ARA).
This formula is a life-saver!  Our 2-month old had a little viral bug, which made him spit up a lot and be very fussy.  With this formula, he barely spits up at all and has been so much happier!<br /><br />Ask your doctor for a sample!  When we took our baby in for his tummy troubles, the doc gave us a full-sized can of this formula to take home and try!  Considering it costs about $14 retail, this was great!<br /><br />Pros:<br />Reduced spit-up and gas<br />Reduced fussiness<br />Easy to mix up<br /><br />Cons:<br />Baby can't go as long between feedings, probably because it's easier to digest<br /><br />You can also get 2 free cans of Similac (one Advance and one Sensitive) by mail if you register at their website.  Great product and great customer service!
I decided to try this formula for my baby since he started being very gassy. However, this formula made him more gassy...the formula is very thick and produces a lot of bubbles that gets fed to the baby. I tried to make the formula with anticipation to let the bubbles disolve but that didn't work.
Good price for product... i had started my baby on the similac soy formula but it was too much for my son's tummy... this formula was a welcomed change.... unfortunately, it came at the funky time of similac's big recall of all the larger containers (i was buying the 34oz can from the wholesale store) and the smaller containers were all sold out of the local stores... not a fun situation... finding this 6-pack at a reasonable price was a much needed and appreciated rescue!
If your newborn cries inconsolably, you should try a lactose-free formula right away even though they're so expensive. However, the ingredients may not look so good.  It's important to shop around if you're going to use a lactose-free formula. Lactose-free formulas always are the most expensive and this one is loaded with processed corn syrup solids.<br /><br />From Wikipedia: "Baby colic (also known as infant colic, three-month colic, infantile colic and colic) is a condition in which an otherwise healthy baby cries or screams frequently and for extended periods without any discernible reason." You'll know it if it happens to your baby, and it's awful to not be able to do anything to immediately relieve your baby.  It contains DHA, ARA and iron, but all baby formulas do because it is required by law.<br /><br />Lactose-free formula is expensive is because it goes through a very specialized and difficult manufacturing process, I'm told by the company's public relations representative.  So much food in the U.S. is prepared with corn syrup solids, so that shouldn't be a worry, I'm told.  Ok, but I notice the obesity rate is high.
Great formula, our son is not getting stomach pains like with the regular Similac and he actually likes the taste.  The only thing is that it's way cheaper at Costco ($27.82 per 34oz + tax). Amazon is NOT willing to price match!!!
We just changed to Gerber Good Start Gentle due to sugar in this product.  This did seem to work better than a couple other formula but I decided to try something else when I read about sugar.  We just changed over to Gerber Good Start Gentle and it does (so far) seem to be working better.  He is still gassy but he has less pain and doesnt seem in nearly as much discomfort when eating (he is a little colic but still loves to eat).  I do this this is a good product and I'm sure the sugar is safe, I just would rather not give extra sugar at this age (8 weeks).  Good luck!!
While I have not purchased this from Amazon I have used it for many years.  It makes a super layer for, my version, of Zuppa Engelesia and mixed with cream can be incorporated for Pate Choux.<br />I don't live in Hollywood any more so it is getting more difficult and thanks to Amazon I find it it available and in larger cans.........  I plan to order soon.<br /><br />Gino Rossi<br />Mangia con passione chef/caterer
The description of this product is disceptive.  This product was represented as a powder, but it is not a powder, it's a granule.  It is nothing more than shredded coconut and doesn't even dissolve in a high speed commercial blender.<br /><br />Unless you are using this product to manufacture a dark chocolate-coated coconut patty, to me it is useless.  My intention was to use it as an additive in a healthy shake.  It ended up ruining the shake as I had to resort to chewing the undissolved, tasteless coconut pieces rather than drinking the shake.<br /><br />Additionally, the way the product was packaged, there was no protective cardboard preventing the slashing the top package when the box was opened.<br /><br />If I could have rated this product zero stars, I would have. The only redeeming quality was that it was rather inexpensive.  I gave one package away for FREE to a patient who loves coconut and she gave it back to me two days later complaining that it was terrible!
I bought this same brand from an online Indian grocery store that usually has excellent products.  I was able to turn it into cream/butter, using my super blender and adding some water, but it barely had any flavor.  I usually buy the Chao Kah brand of coconut cream (which is quite tasty and flavorful) and read another review for a different product for making your own coconut cream.  My complaint is not the shreds or texture.  Mine was just virtually tasteless.
Although I had some concerns about product with initial shipment - my concerns were far overshadowed by the excellent, prompt and courteous response from vendor about my concerns.  Customer service that seems a rarity these days - was absolutely exceptional!  Will definitely keep this vendor in mind when I have need for other craft supplies/products.
I bought this for our young son and was disappointed in several aspects of this dispenser:<br /><br />(1) It's made of cheap plastic and arrived w/ the globe scratched and cracked.<br /><br />(2) The top doesn't screw on--it just pops off w/ very little exertion.<br /><br />(3) Part of the appeal for me was that this dispenser is coin-operated.  What the description on Amazon doesn't tell you, however, is that a coin is not necessary to dispense the candy.  Furthermore, when the crank is just barely turned, the candy (usually two pieces) flies out so quickly that some goes on the floor w/o your hand there to catch it.  A young child is often not coordinated enough to turn the crank and put his hand out to catch the candy.<br /><br />(4) The dispenser only came w/ enough candy to just fill the bottom of the globe.<br /><br />(5) It is very much over-priced at $29.99.
The M&M candy machine works just fine but the finger hole is too small for adult fingers to retrieve the candy. It does intimidate a M&M lover because of the small amount it dispenses.
I was disappointed when I received this dispenser.  It said a large dispenser.  It looks like something for a child to play with.  I bought it for my husband to put in his "man cave".  He is a huge M&M fan.  I buy him a tree ornament each year from the M&M collections.  I was hoping it had more substance to it.  I also did not realize I was unable to return this item.
I'm on my first jar of this, and am really enjoying what it adds to my "concoctions" - vegetarian one pan mix ups of onions, garlic, vegetables, usually tofu, rice or pasta or quinoa, sometimes olives or capers.<br />I may have purchased it at Uwajimaya, when on sale...I will be buying many more jars of this mixed spice paste.  It's not really a paste - more liquid, with easily identifiable basil leaves.  I highly recommend this chili paste.
This deal on Amazon with the Prime free shipping, and/or the even cheaper subscription is very tempting if you make a lot of desserts with this like we do.  One of our favorites is layered graham crackers, this pudding mixed with frozen whipped topping, and topped with a can of melted chocolate frosting.  Lots of stores are discontinuing name brands, so this is a great item to buy here.
My husband LOVES pudding and any kind of dessert at the end of dinner. This is a great way to appease his cravings while not being full of butter and fat. I love that I can add whatever I want to it to fancy it up a little. I love to put cocoa powder and make a more elegant tasting chocolate pudding or mix it with berries for my kids.
Like always this label is the best in desserts and this 3-4 ounce vanilla pudding is not the exeption, is easy to make, and vey fast, and the size is the best for a little families. The vanilla flavor is fantastic.
You can substitute nut milk, coconut milk or goat's milk or even soy milk for the 'milk' in this instant pudding.<br /><br />If you add coconut cream and toasted coconut you have coconut cream pie pudding! If you add some raw cocoa powder you have chocolate pudding! You can add some softened cream cheese and have cheese cake base puddin'! You are only limited by your imagination. This is also excellent as an addition to a cake mix (about a 1/3 packet and an extra tablespoon of liquid).
i always enjoy Jello pudding, however, one package that i recieved was opened, and the powder spilled all over.  it really alters the price when you only recieve 23 packages instead of the promised 24.
My big boy Oreo loves this so much. i took him off beef products and only give him venison rabbit ,turkey. He can't get enough of this stuff
Delivered by UPS, this product is just about perfect.  It does not have a disagreeable smell and the dogs love it.  It is much less expensive than prescription dogfood and our dogs are thriving on it.  You can even see an occasional pea and/or carrot. No grain to worry about.
I have two terrier mixes and they love this product. I mix it with their dry grain free dog food and they just gobble it up like no tomorrow. I am happy that Amazon has this product on Subscribe and Save. It's one less thing to worry about since I know it's going to arrive every two months.<br /><br />When I know I'm going to be out of the house for a long time, I take this product and smear it inside a Kong toy. Oh Em Gee. Talk about keeping these ADD pups occupied for a period of time. :)<br /><br />Like the other buyer said, you occassionally see a piece of carrot or potato here and there.  I like looking at the ingredients on this product. There's no added water, mechanically separated meat or other by product. Good job!
Bought 1/2 lb each of five different Mo's Fudge recently from a school fundraiser. I'm not much of a chocolate fudge eater, prefer peanut butter, but the dark chocolate fudge is incredible. So rich and creamy! Almost too creamy. Had to throw it into the fridge to make it easier to cut. But if any fudge can turn me into a chocolate fudge lover, this can!
This mild semi-soft/soft cheese has a range of subtle flavors that I have yet to find elsewhere.  The price is worth it, though I can't afford to order it often, but the combination of this cheese with a really good white wine is truly a culinary delight!
This tea is absolutely incredible! Addicted after first taste. So delicious... the smell... the taste... it's a beautiful experience. I just ordered more (and gonna try both regular and decaf).
I love this tea and drink it at least twice a day.  The flavor is both strong and sweet.  The tea stands on it's own, never needing sweetner.  If you're a cinnamon lover, you have to try this tea.  And even if you're not, it's worth a try.
I am fairly certain this is the same tea sold by Caribou Coffee.  I think I could be considered an addict! The flavor is so good - lots of cinnamon and slightly spicy because of it.  Price for 50 is good and less than I have been able to find it elsewhere.
After having to give up coffee years ago due to a medical condition, I tried many different kinds and favors of tea until I stumbled  upon this in a small bakery that had recently opened nearby. I loved it and have been drinking it every morning since over the past couple of years. The sachets are perfect for a larger mug, the paper wrapped are fine for smaller cups or mugs. It's a hearty tea that I find satisfying and delicious.
As a person who love cinnamon scent and flavor, I find this tea amazing.  I was used to drinking the plain black tea at work and this blend is a nice change from that.  I can probably only have one or two cups a day because it is pretty sweet but I will continue to drink it probably every day.  Enjoy
Love this tea, its like drinking liquid red hots.  I hate herbal teas b/c they all taste and smell like potpourri but this stuff is awesome !!!!
A co-worker gave me a couple of the Harney & Sons Fine Teas Hot Cinnamon Spice Sachets to sample. The cinnamon spice flavor is wonderful. These teas are not available at my local grocery stores. I was glad to find them for a reasonable price on-line.
I love this tea which has a deep cinnamon aroma and taste.  It's equally good as an iced tea.  Full marks!
I drink a lot of flavored black teas and this is hands down one of my favorites. The scent is enticing and the flavor is bold, and sweet at the same time.  If you love spice, this is a must have tea.
Super tasty, super delicious. Best tea ever, sweet and cinnamony. I actually like these better than the individually wrapped tea bags.
This is an excellent tea, very flavorful - the cinnamon is fresh and powerful, and overall it's slightly sweet without needing any sugar. Excellent with milk or straight.
This is more than just a tea, drinking a cup is like a beautiful experience. It has a multi-dimensional flavor, it really does. I never considered myself a tea drinker, but I ordered it once at a Starbucks and was hooked ever since. On special occasions or even when I am down, I treat myself to a cup of this warm and delicous tea.
It's that good!  Heaven if you like cinnamon.  Tastes sweet with no sugar.
I was actually surprised at how good these Muffins taste! I have reordered a case.  And they are Gluten Free.
Traditional English Muffins are usually fat free or having very little fat.  This little challenger should be called something else all together.<br /><br />Closer to what I would say a croissant is, having all of the buttery taste and fat to go with it.<br /><br />Terrific if that's what you are looking for in an English muffin but not what I'm looking for.  I would rather save the fat for a chocolate dessert.
Had this sent to me in Afghanistan. The flavor was enjoyable but not to spicy. It is made with quailty ingridents. I would surely say this is one of the best salsa's I've ever had.
I love VitaMuffins, but my supermarket sells one box of 4 muffins for $6.29.  Instead I bought the mix, 3 boxes for $16.00, and each box makes 12 muffins. Instead of $1.62 per muffin, the mix only requires water & eggs and works out to about 48 cents per muffin, and very easy to make. That's a great deal.
I buy these through the ship-and-save program because they are a staple of my breakfast and midday snack routine.<br />Light, flavorful, and full of vitamins, these only take 20-25 minutes to bake with minimal extras. I am vegan so I use egg substitutes  (3 tbsps flax seed in place of the eggs with 9 Tbs water) and they still bake perfectly.
I really like the frozen Corn Muffin Tops, but the mix resulted in a dryer product. I used the paper muffin liners and I think these might have added to the dryness.
I found this muffin to be dry and very disappointing. If I cut it up and put it in a bowl with yogurt, it was OK. Would not order this flavor again.
better then I expected. I notice there was some complaints that the muffins were dry.<br />So I sprayed the mix before cooking with a butter flavored publix spray which is canola oil.[same as pam butter spray].<br />This did the trick& they were great
I generally like vitalicious products. The corn muffin, well, for 100 calories it's not bad. But if you are expecting anything like the sugar/fat laden junk that your local bakery sells, look elsewhere. this is like a healthy makeover that doesn't quite cut it, but they're not bad. For the same amount of calories, the chocolate one is more of an indulgence, but this one is good for a bland breakfast treat, especially baked fresh.<br />My kids are happy to get any extra snacks, so they approve...i send with them to school for a midmorning snack. im glad they get fuel and vitamins.
The picture shown is for three packages and the price is fair for three but I was only sent one but was charged for three. Also the item sent was not the item shown. I can buy the item shipped all day long at any local grocery store. I went to Amazon because I was looking for the type shown.<br /><br />When I contacted the seller and told them about this they said they would give me partial credit for the item but nothing for shipping. Seeing as how I was shipped something I didn't order I should be entitled to a full refund including shipping. I was not offered that.<br /><br />If I could give this seller negative stars I would. Any future buyers beware.
Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest.
I like loose tea, I just don't like chewing on leaves in my tea cup, or having to dispose of a bunch of loose, soggy leaves that seem to find every corner of my kitchen. However, I'm spoiled rotten and only like the flavor that comes with brewing loose tea. So I've been using these empty tea bags in order to make loose tea a lot less messy and just as convenient as bagged tea. Most bags of this type I've encountered are made in Europe and come with a price to match, and a single pack of 100 doesn't last a whole long time.  When I saw this deal here on Amazon, I went for it.<br /><br />The bags look and work identically to the European made ones, although I believe these are made in India. (where they know a whole lot about making tea) But the price is about 2/3 less than that of the European made ones. I can't argue with that. (Well, I could argue with that, but I'm not a dope) That way, we can have the best tea on the market, which is sold loose, without the pain in the neck features of brewing loose tea with a tea ball or strainer. Just throw in the right amount of tea, tuck the top flap into the bag, and that's it. You now have a teabag of your favorite Kenyan Black tea (or whatever makes you happy) Throw away the neat little soggy bag when you're done - no mess at all.<br /><br />I've decided to get these on as a subscription, with a 6 pack arriving twice a year. That way, my family can have three cups or pots of tea each day (This size works for both), and maybe a few more on the weekend before running out. We've been using these bags for several months now, and are still as happy with them as we were when they arrived. If Amazon keeps offering these bags, I am sure we'll keep buying them!
The tea bags work well with loose tea and buying the pack of six makes this a good value. But what you're not told is that the bags are the large size, better made for large pots and not single cups.
I like loose tea and hate having to clean out the metal holders.  These bags are ideal as they let me make a pot or just a cup of tea and then throw it in the compost pile to be reused for my garden.
Was shocked at the skinny size of this item!! They are five inches long as I expected, because that's the size I wanted and ordered, but can't be any bigger around than even a pencil and that's a BIG stretch!! WOW, I'm sure disappointed considering the cost ~~ $7 and shipping. Won't be ordering these again.<br />  Of course my dog likes them ok, but wouldn't call them her fav by any means. :(  Will I send them back? Don't know if it's worth the hassle at this point. But I will NOT recommend them either. Because of the size quality and high price compared to so many other products to choose from!  Keep looking is my advice. :)<br />  The other Beefeaters' products I ordered well met my standards. This one was a DUD!!  What's the old saying?  Buyer beware?  I fell into that trap big time!<br />  Here's the product link at this time:<br /><br />  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00176AIDU">Beefeaters Great Fillin Porkhide Rolls with Meaty Chicken Filling, 5-Inch</a><br /><br />  Wish you luck if you try this product...but again "Buyer Beware!!"<br /><br />UPDATE 2.15.2012: My little dog got VERY SICK not too long after I wrote this review...I contacted Cust. Service with even more reason to not like this item and they refunded my money!! How's that for Customer Care?? :) Great!! Thank you Amazon.com ~~ you are TERRIFIC!!
My Scottish Terrier inhaled hers in about 2 hours, but my finicky Pomeranian, who usually turns his nose up at chew toys, loved it! It kept my Pom busy for a few weeks, but he really enjoyed it!<br /><br />Affordable price, fast shopping, great product!
I love this frosting!  It's sugar free and I cannot find it in stores.  I will be ordering more in the future.
Awesome little snack treat for your favorite pup/dog.  My two pekeingese just love these.  You can use them for training as well as just a treat.  They come in a variety of flavors.  My pups like the liver the best.  For senior dogs, these are perfect if they don't have the "jaw" power or teeth use anymore.  They are easy to carry so you can treat your dog whenever you want to for example on a walk around the neighborhood.  They are just 3 calories each so you don't have to worry about their weight.  Absolutely recommend these to every dog owner!
These are a hit with my pups, and for the price and 3 calories a piece, they can't be beat!  They're great for training in addition to putting them into food puzzle toys to keep them occupied.  I also provide a steady supply of these to my youngest pup during nail clipping as he has quite a bit of anxiety and these treats totally take his mind off of the scary clipper at his toes.<br /><br />First ingredient is wheat flour, so if your dog happens to be allergic to wheat these won't work for you.  My dogs aren't allergic, nor do these treats give tummy problems, so I'm happy!  Ingredient list is short, that's another plus, it's not a long list of artificial this and that.<br /><br />I give my pups both the liver flavor and the cheese/egg flavor to mix things up a bit.  The cheese/egg ones even smell like cheese, yum!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Z9BF8">All Natural Dog Treats by Charlee Bear - Cheese & Egg - 16 oz resealable bag</a> These are absolutely great treats for training and for use with overweight dogs. At only 4 calories per treat, even an overweight dog can feel like they are getting treats too, especially in a multi-dog household where one dog is overweight, others are not. Taste must be wonderful since there isn't anything my dogs won't do for these tiny treats, so I'm very pleased with them for many reasons! GREAT PRODUCTS!!!
My dog's breeder sent home a baggie of cheese and egg flavored Charlie Bears for my Maltese puppy.  I used them to reward him from the get-go, and he will do just about anything if he knows this treat is coming.  A great training aid.  They are also small enough to give often, and are made with good ingredients.  I carry them in my pocket and my little guy keeps an eye on that pocket!
I love these treats for my two german shepherds. I think these treats are great for even large size dogs. My dogs absolutely go crazy for them, and they are only 3 calories per treat, perfect for training sessions. I also love the texture of them... you can put them in your pocket without a ton of flaking or gross smell. This product also has a simplified ingredient list... opposed to so many other dog treats out there. You can pronounce all the ingredients in the list and you know what they are getting.
Charlee Bears are small and low calorie, so you can use them en masse for training.  We use them both for standard training (sit, stay, drop it, leave it) and behavioral training (no bark).  They're not stinky or messy, so you can put them in your pocket, purse, or car without worry.  We keep a small bag in the car for travel to reinforce when our puppy doesn't bark at people walking by, one by the door to reinforce when she goes to the bathroom outside, and a bunch of treats in a treat bag for travel.<br /><br />The one downside to these is that because they're not as stinky, it can be harder to use them to get your dog's attention if he or she is distracted, like at the dog park or if you have a bunch of visitors.  Our trick to get around this is that we put some stinky treats in the treat bag with these, and they'll take on some of the scent (We use <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002DGRSY">Pro-Treat Beef Liver, Freeze Dried Dog Treats, 21 Ounce</a>).<br /><br />Our dog loves all flavors.
The treats were ok,my main complaint is they were small about the size of a lifesaver.Which made it hard to give them to my medium size dog as a treat.One treat just di not do it.This package should be labeled for toy or small dogs.
Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest.
I am a middle aged runner and take this cherry concentrate to help my recovery time between long races.  This works better than Ibuprofen and is all natural.  After each long run I take a couple tablespoons with my Gatorade and my muscles recover quicker (I experimented with not taking it).  I love this stuff.
Juice consentrate is very good. I like it as much as the Tart is Smart and with the price increase it is considerably cheaper even with subscribe and save. This will be my staple tart cherry juice from now on."
I have read a couple of the studies on the anti-inflammatory potential of tart cherry juice, and became convinced that it's worth a try (as a 57-YO athlete).  I like this product b/c the label tells exactly how many cherries a tablespoon is equivalent to, so I can make an informed choices as to how much I use, based on the number-of-cherry equivalents in the studies I've read.  I can't vouch for the accuracy of the label, but I've no reason to doubt it.  I've grown to like the flavor, especially mixed with lime seltzer!
I am training for a half marathon.  At the start of my training I wasn't taking cherry juice.  As I increased my long runs each week my knees and hips were so sore.  I started to take this cherry concentrate and ever since then I have felt pretty good.  I take the juice every morning with my breakfast.  It has a very strong flavor but mixes well with apple or orange juice.  The half marathon I'm running in is this weekend and I feel ready for it thanks in part to the cherry juice helping reduce the pain.  This stuff works for me.
I have pain and numbness down both arms from a pinched nerve at the bottom of my neck.  I started drinking this juice three months into what will likely be a four to six month recovery.  Because my doctor has put me on a long-term anti-inflammatory medication, I am not allowed to take over-the-counter medications like Advil and Tylenol.  I can say that taking a glass of this juice has the same pain-killing effect as taking two Advil.  I enjoy two glasses a day - one in the morning and one at dinner.  The only down-side is the sugar, which is really the only processed sugar I eat during the day.  The juice tastes good and the quality of the syrup is consistent and pleasant.<br /><br />I usually don't go for "miracle" foods or diet fads, but this juice simply works - this is the real deal.  It will not cure pain, but it will inhibit inflammation and facilitate faster healing of arthritis, spasms, and sprains.
This juice is actually concentrated as advertised. Of all the juice concentrates of any flavor i have tried, this one is the most concentrated, and i expected the others to be as concentrated but they were all thin. I guess tart cherry juice tastes like fresh black cherries in general, but Montmorency RTCJ has the more tart best flavor!
Tastes like drinking a cherry pie. I purchased this for my mother's gout and she told me it works quickly. It's also supposed to help lower blood pressure. Speedy delivery. It's not 5 stars because of the high price.
Every bit as good as any other brand I've tried. Fantastic taste and easy to use. This stuff can become addictive.
I am a long-distance runner and a belly dancer.  My back objects to the dancing and my knees object to the running.  I was having a lot of trouble managing my pain and still doing my activities with ibuprofen alone.  I read about tart cherry juice in my running magazine, and I decided to give it a try after reading some of the other reviews here on Amazon.<br /><br />I am simply blown away by the difference!  My body really reacts to this stuff.  My knee pain has disappeared, and my back only hurts during really deep back bends.  I had same-day relief, too.  I can definitely tell the difference on days where I forget to take this!  As an added bonus, I have noted a marked decrease in how sore my muscles are, as well.  I wish I had heard about this sooner!<br /><br />I follow what it says on the bottle, 1 once twice daily.  At first, I was just using a tablespoon and licking it out of the tablespoon (2TBS=1 oz.), which I still do in the mornings, but good lord this stuff is tart!  The first one isn't too bad, I think mostly because your taste buds are in shock.  The second one really gets me, though!  Lately, I've been mixing my ounce into a cup of orange juice at dinner, which looks disgusting but tastes, surprisingly, really good.<br /><br />I really hope this product comes back in stock soon, I don't think I could go without it and I'm hesitant to switch to a different brand.
Good, and reasonable for drink. A product that is good for sleeping and inflamation. I will buy again if the price stays reasonable.
This cherry juice concentrate taste very cherry :-)  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032JKWGI">Country Spoon Montmorency Red Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate 34 oz.</a> I like this product, and, perhaps, I will order this cherry juice concentrate again.
This is very good but I prefer the liquid cherry juice.  Less messy to deal with and the concentrate doesn't seem to go as far as the liquid juice.  Just my preference.
I bought 2 bottles of this Tart Cherry Juice because they were cheaper than TART IS SMART. They may be providing the Anti Oxidents that they say but they completely failed me in helping to sleep better at night. I returned 1 bottle to Amazon & went back to TART IS SMART. I used to wake up 3-4 times a night & have trouble getting back to sleep. Being nearly 80 & retired, I can sleep in if I choose. With my TIS formula, I get to sleep fairly quick, wake up 7 hours later & get anothert hour or two after visiting the bathroom. This product may work much better for you but I found one that works for me & will stick with it forever. I hope to read YOUR opinion of this product soon?
Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest.
I have managed to find these crackers in other countries on our travels but had run out. I love that they are individually wrapped small packets in a stay fresh container. This makes them great to carry in my purse, take to work or on airplanes for snacks etc. Also love that they are not overly salted like so many American brand crackers. Company that shipped them did a great job - fast too!
This is the best tasting cracker I've ever tasted.  It may cost less in a Filipino or Asian store ... which is all well and good unless you don't live close to one (I don't).  Note that the box says 1 pound 14 ounces - but the description on this page says "28z" (whatever a "z" is).  If they meant "oz," it's incorrect.  It's a 30oz. box.  In any case, I was able to find it even cheaper online than the price shown on this page.  Where?  Amazon (grin).  Whenever you buy stuff like this, be sure to consider the "bottom line" price (product plus shipping) - and check for alternative Amazon pages where it's cheaper.  On this page, it's $15.78 for a 30oz box with free shipping (if you total order is $25 or more).  But on this page:<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0066D2XVY">SKY FLAKES CRACKERS 1x850G</a><br /><br />the same 30oz box costs only $9.00 + $5.49 shipping ... or $14.49 total, over a dollar cheaper than on this page.  So, buy from Amazon ... but not from this page.
This product is a quick snack very light and tasteful with any spread or just like it is. Takes up hardly ay space if a couple of packets are placed in your bag. Individually wrapped crackers makes it stay fresh for longer periods.
If you like SweeTarts and you want them in a bulk amount, this product is for you. The SweeTarts came perfectly sealed and in excellent condition. There are no downsides.
Sweetarts evokes nostalgic memories of going into the candy store and pining for that sweet and sour chalky taste of this classic candy.  While it's a hard candy it is easily chewable and has pleasant texture and taste.  You really can't go wrong with this candy.  The only drawback is it is hard to stop at just one and before you know it you've eaten an entire roll.
I have ordered these a couple times now. They arrive super fresh and sealed every time. I used to buy a roll a day from the gas station, now I have a stash at home that is available anytime. Yumm
I've purchased bulk candies where they are old, terrible flavors, or simply smashed to dust. This was a great buy, having none of those drawbacks.
I used these for my sons bday party as one of the sweet treats to have out.  they are great, the kids all loved them and the price was fabulous, way better than purchasing elsewhere.  the item came as described and was fresh.  Thank you amazon.com
It is very very good sweets<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent
Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks<br />Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks<br />Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks
My family has been in love with Baci's ever since we lived in Europe.  When my daughters were small they coined the term "Baci Pill" for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well.  They are a wonderful treat, after a meal with espresso or cappuccino.  Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center.  The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey's Kiss any day!
I ordered this item in a large quanity, but wanted the items packaged as shown.  They were for favors in a holiday bag for the company employees.  When they arrived a few were packaged as shown but the bulk were loose.  If I had know they would come like this I would have gone to COSTO or some other discount store for the purchase.  The cute little box that would have helped make them special and what I thought I paid for was missing.
My family has been in love with Baci's ever since we lived in Europe.  When my daughters were small they coined the term "Baci Pill" for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well.  They are a wonderful treat, after a meal with espresso or cappuccino.  Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center.  The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey's Kiss any day!
Just returned from Italy and was told these little chocolates were the favs of the Italians--perfect little two-chocolates for gifts -- and gloomy days -- or happy days --
Delicious candy.<br />Outstanding price for such a rich product.<br />The "fortunes" on the inside are an added bonus.<br />Great options relating to packaging.
My dog had been prone to ear infections and did a lot of paw chewing when his vet recommended changing his diet because his symptoms may be due to a food allergy. She specifically recommended the salmon and rice formula. Unfortunately, my dog hated the salmon and rice and it smelt extremely fishy. I tried the lamb and rice formula and he likes it much better. I've heard numerous good things about Wellness from my dog trainer, as well as other pet owners and pet store employees. My dog is adjusting to the new food well. However, I can tell he doesn't consider it the most tasty of choices- probably because it doesn't have the artificial flavoring in it. But I'd rather him eat something much healthier even if we have to sacrifice a little on the taste.
I got this food for my dog that is allergic to corn, wheat, potatoes, flax, fish, and pork.  I had the hardest time finding a food that he wasn't allergic to.  I'm so glad I found this food.  He is finally eating and starting to put on some weight.  It is a little pricey but I think it is worth it for such a good product.
Instead of Simple Solution Lamb & Rice I was sent Simple Lamb & Oatmeal but, my dog likes it. Next time I will make sure I am sent the right food. I didn't know until I had open and put the food in my 10lb container.
If your dog eats slowly & actually chews his food, then this food is fantastic!  We have 2 dogs, 1 that is a picky eater, so we added water and microwave his food for 30 sec.  He loves his dinner & keeps It down. ( full disclosure, he's not the dog with stomach problems.  Our Boston Terrier, who we adopted from a puppy mill situation, eats by gulping down her food, from her years when she had to fight for food.  She is the dog we were targeting by getting sensitive stomach food; she was having a problem with vomiting & regurgitation.  The good news is, if we get her to eat 2-3 small meals a day and try to get her to slow down, problem solved.  Yet, if she eats fastly, without chewing, regurgitation is still a problem.<br /><br />I gave the food 4 stars because. If we do make sure she chews it ( by feeding her a couple morsels at a time, like giving treats) the food stays down, therefore working for vomiting, which was a huge proplem! (she was vomiting 6-9 times a day.) since switching she has stopped vomiting. I don't think our dog is the only one that eats fast, and it does take much longer to feed her.
My Dogs love this natural kibble.  It's simple (only rice and protein) yet tasty.  They maintain a healthy weight and have regular and healthy bowl movements.  Wellness is a fantastic product for dogs because they keep in mind the many ingredients that are not natural to a dog's diet and keep it out of their food.
I have a dog with severe allergies we have been fighting for years. The vets always recommend mass produced allergy formulas like science diet.  I can't stomach feeding my dog that type of garbage. But simple is a good alternative, made with quality ingredients and the dogs love it too.  Great product!!
Before my oldest golden started eating this food he got a lot of ear infections. He ate grain free food, but he still got them. Both my dogs like this food and their coats are nice and shiny and their ears are super clean. I really recommend it.<br /><br />While you can get it for $1 cheaper on other sites, you pay $18 for shipping.<br /><br />I only wish Amazon had more than 3 bags of it each time!
quality food but the price is very high.  luv amazon's free ship over $25.
I was so excited to get my whole wheat pizza dough.  After ordering it, I got it two days later!  The directions are easy to follow and the taste of the crust is phenomenal.  The toppings I added to my pizza were shrimp, chicken, cherry tomatoes, Mexican cheese blend, and turkey Canadian bacon.  The pizza turned out great! Only 8 Weight Watcher's Point Plus value per slice.  This is a better alternative to other leading pizzas.
My husband does not like whole wheat anything but he liked this pizza dough. It was very simple to make and spread on our pizza stone. We put Rossi Pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese on and it was great!
Great stuff!Love that it's organic and raw. But later saw same thing @ TJ's for less than half the price!
I love this organic raw honey!<br /><br />When using it in my tea I don't need a lot and the taste is great.<br /><br />Honey is also helpful with moisturizing and healing so other than consuming it I also use it on my hair and face often. The darker the better.
I absolutly love these candies that are only put on the market at Christmas and Valentine's Day. I would buy them all year if they were available: SO you can imagine how excited I was tao be able to get them for a while through Amazon.I can wait untill Christmas when they will be available again.
Cant find this flavor in the stores, so bought them here online.. Like them so much better than the Peppermint ones... I also like the Cinnamon Ones... Yum-O(as Rachel Ray states)...
The local merchants quit stocking this. Was pleased to buy this on line so I can make French Canadian pea soup again. 5 stars for ability to obtain since quality is not that much of a factor. All of Bob's Red Mill products are 5 star.
Its hard to find this stuff locally. Usually my parents have to bring it to me when they visit. Was pleased to find it on Amazon.<br /><br />Makes GREAT, TASTY dhall. We eat a lot of it, so its nice to know I can get it here again when I need it.
Bought these for a change from the green split peas. They are tasty and I like them. Will buy again. Always like Bob's Red Mill products.
When tea is decaffeinated, is all the flavor removed? Or is this just lousy tea? In any case, all you get from a couple of these tea bags in a (12 oz.) mug of hot water is--hot water! True, the hot water is slightly brownish after five minutes of steeping, but there's no tea flavor at all. Very disappointing.
Full bodied tea, no loss of flavor even though it is decaffeinated. Comes stored in its own heavy duty zipper plastic bag to ensure freshness during shipping. A great value for a good tea.
With the departure of Starbucks coffees, I reluctantly switched back to the other t-discs carried by local stores. I tried, I really did. But, it seemed like every other one I tried, which was basically every other one made, including the European t-discs, were not rich enough to satisfy me. I finally gave up and went back to an old fashioned drip coffeemaker so that I could make a nice, rich cup. I was still frustrated by the waste, since I'm the only coffee drinker in my home. Plus, being a basically lazy person, I didn't enjoy filling the reservoir every time I wanted to brew a pot, washing the pot out afterwards, or cleaning out the grounds from the filter.Recently, Tassimo/Gevalia came out with a dark house blend. The front of the package noted: "New! If you like Starbucks House Blend, try this!" As a last shot attempt before packing up my Tassimo for storage, I purchased this new t-disc coffee. Tasting my first sip, I was so HAPPY. Really really HAPPY! My coffee is so important to me, and the Gevalia Dark House Blend is AMAZING!!!! It's a rich, full bodied cup of coffee, and as I drink this day after day, I'm starting to think it's even better than my old favorite Starbucks flavors. It's as bold as Starbucks with no bitterness at all. I'd love to hear what others think of this. I am very pleased with it, and I'm so glad that I am able to go back to the simplicity of using my Tassimo brewer, because they make a great t-disc again!
This is the best thing from Gevalia.  I was drinking the Starbucks Africa and Verona before "the breakup."  I tried the Dark Breakfast from Gevalia, but it's horrible.  I can only drink it after adding the Maestro Lorenzo Espresso Intensivo.  That makes quite a nice cup with a good kick to it.  I even need a little cream in it to smooth it out a bit.<br /><br />But this one is just right.  It's a nice strong cup that doesn't need cream, but can take cream without losing flavor.  This is the first hope I have had for saving my Tassimo machine.  I don't want to go back to the Keurig.<br /><br />p.s.  I would still like a good decaf option.  Right now I use the Gevalia Signature decaf and add a shot of Gevalia decaf espresso to jazz it up.
I've tried all three new 'Dark' offerings from Gevalia and I think this is the best one from the three. Gevalia finally came up with coffee worth serving to your guests.<br />Coffee has an earthy bold taste with little to none bitterness and no metallic after taste; it actually leaves a nice smooth tasty chocolaty after taste.<br /><br />The pack comes with 12 big T-discs that will brew 8 ounces of coffee. This coffee will delight those who love the darker roasts.<br /><br />Update:<br />I am on my 5th cup of this coffee and it was really grown on me (changing from a 4 to 5 stars); it is quite tasty and smooth. This is one coffee that will truly satisfy the void that Sbux left. There will be some that will say that this is not the same as Sbux and it isn't! Try the coffee and give it a fair taste without trying to compare it to anything else you may find yourself quite surprised at the findings.  Highly recommended and definitely will be buying this one again.
finally some new varieties of tassimo ... I drink everything from DD to starbucks to nespresso to good blends from fairway .. this one is pretty much right on with the description - dark brew good medium body - it has a strong flavor but is smooth and no aftertaste at all, reminiscent of how sbux does brew their beans (but I like this better than the sbux house coffee..it's not quite as edgy), and is unlike many of the other gevalia coffees for Tassimo that I just don't like b/c of their aftertaste (bitter, to me) .. this one brews at 190 degrees (at least mine did), which is a bit hotter than I would make a cup of latte for example (at 160) so be careful on that first sip!  but I do think this one's a keeper...
Together with many customers, I was frustrated when Tassimo and Starbucks ended their relationship. My coffee was Verona.<br />Since that time, I have tried various alternatives (Gevalia Espresso, Tassimo Carte Noir, Tassimo Nabob & Kenco Med Roast) but with limited and varying degrees of success.<br />After reading a previous review, I sent off for a supply to test it - I love it!!!!<br /><br />I was on the point of giving my Tassimo machine away - no more.<br /><br />A great start to the New Year.
I recently got a tassimo machine and really like it, but the initial coffees that I tried were not as good as what I used to make by the pot. This one finally blew everything else away. It's delicious. The dark house blend is now my preferred t-disc when I want coffee. Since I'm not a coffee snob I don't like to get crazy with the adjectives, but this one has a very deep and pleasing coffee flavor. Full-bodied is a good way to describe it, as opposed to a lesser-bodied coffee that may smell good but tastes watered down when you drink it. This is definitely the best coffee I've ever tasted out of a home brewing machine and even better than many cafes can muster. It has no aftertaste and it is not bitter. You can drink it black with no sweetener and enjoy it, or add some cream. Even if you go heavy on the creamer it doesn't lose is flavor. Buy it, and ignore the starbucks haters. Seriously, starbucks' coffees are not as good as everyone makes them out to be. Dunkin Donuts coffee has them beat in price and quality.
I love this coffee, its dark but not bitter and smooth as silk. Its a big cup size 12oz so its great in the morning when I don't want to get up for coffee too much. If you have a Tassimo you should have this coffee blend on hand!
it tastes pretty decent but I wasn't aware how pricy they were when I bought them.  I paid $17.44 for a pack of 12!!!  What a rip off!
I loved the quality and the taste of these cookies. They are not too sweet and they will live to your expectations. To the person that posted a bad review, just a small comment. They are called meltaways because they have real butter, go figure. If you are interested in low fat food, look elsewhere. It like complaining that french fries are fried, or that chocolate is fattening. Just saying.
These were so, so good, and I love that they're made with whole wheat flour and a healthier sugar substitute (not aspartame or splenda).  I looked at some Atkins peanut butter cups I'd just bought, and they're a higher percentage of saturated fat than these cookies.  I worry a lot more about the sugar in a product than the fat, unless it's made with soybean oil or lists trans fat.  I list this as one of my "healthy snacks."  And since I'm over 40, size 4, with no health problems - I must be on the right track of what "healthy" is. :)<br /><br />One customer said hers were "greasy."  Maybe hers were in the heat, and the butter got hot?  I'm now placing my third order for these. They're worth it!
I love these cookies, but this paticular batch was stale, very hard, & I had to dip them in my coffe to eat them easily.
My husband is gluten sensitive, dairy sensitive, and diabetic, so it is very difficult to find desserts for him.  Usually, if it's gluten free, it has waaaay too much sugar, for example.  I tried a box of these cookies for him.  He tried them and said that they are surprisingly good.<br /><br />They are not mereingues, even though they are shaped like those types of cookies.  They are regular cookie consistency.  There are just a few in a package, so they are rather expensive.  However, they are less expensive than buying all the materials yourself and having them fail.  (Can you tell I have made some bombs in my time as a specialty cook? LOL)
If you are ordering cookies, beware, the 'cookies' arrived in crumbles, so, if you want a box of stale crumbs order away :)
Two of Aunt Gussie's cookies contain 23% of daily fat allowance!  The cookies are so full of grease they fall apart.  They may be sugar free and gluten free, but they make it up with mostly FAT!  I can't even give them to my grandchildren!
I was looking for some nutritious snacks - with fiber - and came across these.  I've tried this variety and the oatmeal/flax ones and both are very good. They have a dryish texture but are full of flavor.  Wouldn't say they're like home baked, but there is no "artificial" taste at all. They're generous in size (3-4 inches diameter, almost an inch high) and though not calorie lightweights (120-140 each depending on the variety), they have 3-4 grams of fiber each. Highly recommend these for healthy snacking or even a quick breakfast.
After years of brandy-soaked Twinkies, I just tried one of these tonight.  Wow!  These are good.  My wife was right:  They're good.  But not so good you go crazy and eat the entire box.  It may be the whopping 3 grams of fiber in these tiny little things.  I think it's actually my stomach screaming, "NO MORE!  I CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE FIBER!  I'M GONNA BLOW!"<br /><br />They remind me of the homemade wholegrain hippy Eucharist from the late 70's and early 80's.  Heavy, moist, whole-grain goodness.  Takes me back to my Catholic school days.  They used to let us kids eat all the leftover homemade wholegrain hippy Jesus after a mass.  Good times.
Whole grain ingredients and good tasting.  Most Kashi products have mostly white flour with very little whole grains, but these cookies are primarily a whole grain mix. It's nice to have a treat that is more nutritious and still sweet enough for my sweet tooth!  There are several varieties of Kashi cookies, and they are all good.
They taste nice, but they made my stomach hurt and gave me a bit of flatulence issues (because of the chicory root fiber). It also made me bloated.
YES, these are wonderful and healthy cookies, but this is a rare bad deal from Amazon (really DAB Nutrition)- they are charging about $25 (including shipping).  In less than a minute of web searching I found the same quantity for about $15 shipped.  Enjoy the cookies, but buy from someone else until the price comes down.
Yummy. Good flavor. I wish they were softer and not so crumbly......and for some odd reason they give me heartburn, and I never get heartburn. I still like the flavor.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 1:00 Mins<br /><br /></span>These cookies are so great! Watch our video to see how great they really are!!!
These were shipped out the day after I ordered them and arrived within 5 days.  (I live on the opposite coast where these are made.)  My order arrived nicely packaged.  For the price, I got 1 lbs. 4 oz. of biscotti (I weighed it on my kitchen scale) cut into 10 big pieces.  Add the shipping and handling, and that comes out to a little more than $2 per piece.  This is approximately what my local bakery charges per biscotti too (when they have some.)  So, I guess this is the going price for homemade biscotti these days?<br /><br />The flavor is very almondy. And, the hardness is just perfect.  The biscotti is hard and crunchy, but it's not so hard that you couldn't eat it without dunking (as some biscotti are).  This biscotti can be eaten "as is" or can be dunked in coffee, tea or cocoa.  I dunked mine in Chai Tea and it tastes great.  And, the biscotti does not fall apart when dunked.<br /><br />I like the almond flavor, but I wish this came in anise flavor.  That's my favorite biscotti flavor.
This coffee has a smooth, carmely, dark finish that I love! My husband gets other dark blends that taste like charcoal to me. This one is very smooth, with just a hint of sweetness. I wish that Amazon had it on its monthly purchase program, would love to save 15% on it! However, I was glad to find it someplace besides Green Mountain. As prime members, we can get our coffee replaced in 2 shipping days v. a week or longer over at GM. Sweet!
This is the fifth different type of coffee I've tried with my Keurig coffee maker. Right now, it is tied with a Newman's Own k-cup as my favorite. A couple k-cup products seemed fine when I first tasted them, but have come to pale somewhat in comparison with other flavors and makes.<br /><br />This is a really smooooooooooooooooooth tasting coffee. It does not have a strong taste, but goes down very easily. There is a richness to the taste as well.<br /><br />Bottom line? I will be purchasing this again when my supply runs out as I continue experimenting with different flavor k-cups.
Great coffee.  Rich, robust.  A coffee-lovers choice.  If you like French roast or Italian roast, you will like this coffee.
I am a coffee snob. Yes, I admit it. I prefer fresh roasted Kenyan coffee, but also like Sumatran, Jamacan, Guatamalan, even Etheopian. I generally say that I don't drink Columbian. Most K-Cups are weak and less than stellar, though I have found several I enjoy. I was surprised by Caribou's Mahogany! It is excellent. Strong enough with an earthy, winey taste and smoothe finish (my description).  I eagerly tried their Daybreak, to my disappointment. Just ordinary. I don't often write reviews, but if this can get someone else to enjoy Mahogany it is well worth the time. If you have similar taste in coffee give it a try!! (and no, I don't work for them.)
I love this coffee. Very dark but not at all bitter. I finally found one I like as much as Jet Fuel.
My husband loves strong Caribou coffee but I like the milder one or "breakfast<br />type. I will drink this but Caribou of all kinds is a great coffee,no matter<br />how strong. It will not disappoint.
This morning, for the first time in my life, I tried Mahogani Caribou Coffee only because I had run out of my usual type of coffee, which I would usually brew and drink. In short, I should not even categorize Mahogany Caribou as coffee!!!! You know why? It has far more anti-depressant and uplifting effect on me than I had previously anticipated. From now on, I will only drink Mahogany Caribou.
You can taste the wood in the respect it taste like the coffee was roasted over wood.  It is VERY smooth, I detect no bitterness or over roasting.  Nice flavor.  My newest favorite amoung the k-cup line.  My old favorite was Donut Shop but not any more.  I am not as pleased with the other Caribou flavors but this one really surprised me.
Most Caribou coffees are too weak for me. This one is a delicious exception. It's right up there with Revv, Emeril's bold, or Van Houtte's eclipse. A Dark bold coffee without tasting burned or bitter.
Caribou's Mahogany is my favorite k-cup coffee.  It's got a great, rich taste.  It's dark, but not bitter.
It has a nice strong flavor with no bitterness.<br /><br />How strong is it? I would say it is similar in strength to auto-drip using 1 rounded tablespoon of coffee per 8oz of water.
I've been drinking Green Mountain's Dark Magic and really enjoyed it, however I wanted a change.  After some searching I discovered this coffee and am glad I did.  It's got an excellent deep flavor that I really enjoy.  Strong enough - yet not overpowering.  I recommend you give it a try.
I agree with the other positive reviews I see here.  Nice flavor, strong-ish, no bitter, grind-y or conference coffee flavors to mess it up.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
This coffee has a good flavor and a good strength.  At first it seemed strong but then I got use to it.  I recommend this flavor coffee. Good wake up in the morning.
Very nice, smooth cup of coffee.  Caribou Coffee has been a favorite of mine since the first time I visited Minnesota and had the opportunity to go to a store and have coffee.  I have since done mail order for their coffee and after purchasing a Keurig coffee machine was happy to see it was available in K-cups.  I also enjoy the Caribou Blend but I have to say this blend has a little more "kick" to it but still a smooth coffee with no after taste.
I hadn't tried Caribou brand K-cups before and am extremely picky.  I like a rich, intense, well-bodied coffee and this product delivered.  Strong but no bitter taste, when brewed with 6 oz. water.  I would recommend this product to anyone with similar tastes and will definitely buy it again.
This is one of my favorites.  It's smooth and rich and not too strong for morning but also bold enough that if I like a cup in the afternoon it will do for that too.  My only problem is that I can never find it locally - I almost always have to get it online which is usually more expensive.  I've tried the Obsidian as a substitute and I don't like that one quite as much as the Mahogany.
This is probably my favorite k-cup so far. I'm no professional taster so talk of flavor notes in coffee or elsewhere usually leaves me scratching my head and thinking, "if you say so...". But at my first sip of this dark, smooth coffee, I though chocolate. It's not flavored or sweet but, for me, it has a "note" of good, dark chocolate. Highly recommended if you like your coffee strong and full of flavor.
Very Smooth Rich flavor even on the largest setting, dark blend a very satisfying cup of coffee. I will recommend this to my friends.  This product arrived on time well packaged.
Obviously taste is an opinion but in my humble opinion this is the best coffee out there for Keurig and I have tried a billion. I love dark roast but Starbucks' French roast, Sumatra, and others I can't remember off hand seem to taste stale to me or not as bold. Can't stand any of Caribou's other dark roasts, such as Obsidian which you can get at Target sometimes. All in all, I am hoping this one sticks around, Ange's personal fav.
Smooth. Full of flavor. Not bitter. No nasty aftertaste. People that like Newmans extra bold, Starbucks Verona and Sumatra, Tullys French Roast and other dark cup should love this.  It's better!
Although I've only been able to try three of Caribou's k cup blends (Mahogany as well as <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474OR8G">Caribou Coffee, Caribou Blend, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474VPLI">Caribou Coffee, Daybreak Morning Blend, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a>), I've found that Caribou consistently produces the highest quality k cups.  They are head and shoulders above their competitors like Green Mountain and Van Houtte.<br /><br />I should mention that Caribou's Daybreak blend is far and away my favorite k cup flavor of the 20 or so I've been able to sample so far.  But I enjoy a flavorful medium roast.  My boyfriend, on the other hand, prefers an extra bold dark roast.  After our favorable experience with the Caribou brand before, we picked up a box of this coffee and hoped that it would be a great choice for a dark blend.<br /><br />Let me just say that Mahogany is full of smokey delicious flavor.  It's quite strong and dark, but there is no rancid bitterness or acidity that accompanies a lot of the dark roasts.  This coffee packs a powerful punch.  Although that isn't normally my thing, I can enjoy a cup of this with milk and a bit of sweetener.  My boyfriend adores it, though, and it has become a staple blend for him.  I will still drink this on occasion, but it's a bit too potent for me.<br /><br />I think this is the best dark roast I've had the chance to try.
Nice bold taste but with a little "packaged" overtone.  Like other K-cup products this is just a shade below fresh.
Got this in a k cup sampler, the best k cup so far.  If you like good strong coffee with a lot of flavor, slight hint of cocoa, this is it.  No bitter after taste.  This one goes on top of my reorder list, perfect for the K Cup System.  The one reviewer on this post that gave it one star has no taste buds.
my wife and I are avid Keurig coffee fans (with three brewers between the two of us). We started out ordering all the flavored pods and soon learned than are likes were back to the basics ..... we each have a couple of "full" strength and then go to the "de-caf" for that last cup.<br /><br />Mahogany is my choice for the full blend.  It's smooth ....has an excellent taste and aroma.<br /><br />We are totally satisfied with this order .....
The name of this coffee is Mahogany, in my mind a deep rich brown. The coffee flavor is deep and rich, and the color is dark brown. It is delicious.
Carabou Mahogony is the worst tasting cup of coffee I have ever had, and I've been drinking coffee for over 4 decades. It tastes just like a piece of burnt toast. The only way I can make it palatable is to put it over ice, add lots of vanilla sugar syrup and milk. I've got to find some way to justify the purchase and icing it seems to help.
I ordered the Mahogany Caribou Coffee K-Cups and adore them.  I recommend this product if you like bold coffe with a smooth taste.
This is a serious cup of joe. Yummyness!<br />I have turned at least 3 friends onto this coffee.<br />Robust and aeromatic
this is maybe the greatest coffee ever made.  i have had this many time before in regular bean that i grind myself,  but never in k-cups.  Tastes the exact same and its maybe my favorite coffee ever
I like the taste of this coffee. Tried the other brands but got stuck on this one, I also like the ECO friendliness of the company.
This is the best Caribou kcup if you like a dark, hearty roast with good flavor and little acidity.  Will definitely buy again.
I have been drinking Tully's Kona for the past 2 years, but with the price increase of kona, I needed to find something less expensive. After trying numerous kcups, this Mahogany is just as good as the Kona, with a full coffee flavor, and a hint of caramel. I am happily converted.
I enjoyed this because of the full taste I get out of it without it being too bold or having a burnt taste.  To me it is a bit above the medium blend.  I do take creamer with my coffee so the boldness may be tamed down. I will definitely order more of this when I'm am out.
I could get very used to this!  This is a nice, strong, robust coffee without bitterness.  The K-Cups are so convenient and make no mess.
I really enjoy this coffee - I have used a variety of the K-cups and this is one of the best.
Strong smooth velvety flavor.  Mahogany describes the color and the mood you get when drinking. Absolutely the best. I've found my favorite.
Of all the coffees I've tried -- and I've tried A BUNCH -- this is hands-down my favorite.  Great bold taste but no bitter aftertaste.  I drink coffee all day, and I like it strong and fresh.  It can be difficult to find a stronger tasting coffee that's really great without cream or sugar, I drink my coffee black.  I've not yet found anything I like better.  Yum...
Too mild for me... I like a strong flavor. My wife likes this coffee. Has enough flavor and boldness to keep it enjoyable and not feeling like water downed coffee. If you like strong, bold coffee, you will be disappointed. For a mild coffee, I found this good, but not good enough to warrant the higher cost over many of the other brands.<br /><br />I will not be re-ordering Caribou Mahogany. My wife prefers Donut Shop brand over this. Again, not strong enough for me, but still makes a good cup of coffee.
If you're a fan of full-bodied coffees, give this one a shot.<br /><br />For my taste, the vast majority of k-cups are too watery and weak (even on the small cup setting), so I gravitate towards the extra-bold varieties.  I had previously been enjoying Newman's Own Extra Bold and GM Dark Magic.  After reading some favorable comparisons between those and Mahogany, I decided to give it a chance.<br /><br />I find that it's slightly less bitter (not that bitter is bad) than Newman's EB or Dark Magic, and a little smoother.  I also think it's more full bodied without any burned bean flavor.  I've tried the Mahogany on the larger cup setting and actually still liked it -- something I've never said before.
I've sampled many different k-cup coffe types. I prefer a really robust coffee and Carbou mahogany really dosn't provide that. I would cassify it as medium roast coffee with a smooth melow taste. If that is what u are after , then give this blend a try.
No bitterness.  A strong, full-bodied, cup but does not taste like ashes.  Smooth, very drinkable.  If you like bold, dark coffee, this will please.
In my office, and for me personally, this is the smoothest and best tasting coffee you can buy for your Keurig machine. Great price too!
I have tried about every k cup brand....Caribou Mohogany is my all time go-to brand.  Flavorful yet not strong and no jitters.  You get the same great flavor whether you make a small cup or a large one.
If you like a bold cup of good coffee...and have a Keurig single up brewer, this is the flavor to buy!  Never dissappointing with Carbou Mahogany!
i have this strong flavorful mahogany coffee by caribou in my Keurig.  I love the taste.  I do like strong coffee and this seems to be the right blend of strong to medium.  I use a vanilla diet supplement in the coffee every morning with a splash of torani sugar free syrup and there is breakfast on the move.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474VPY0">Caribou Coffee, Mahogany, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a>
We love this coffee. It is the best K cup we've found. We like strong coffee and struggled at first to find one that we enjoyed. The prices on Amazon can't be beat and the shipping super fast.
My husband enjoyed this coffee. We usually use Newman's Extra Bold but thought we<br />would try something different. It was a bit too strong for me; I prefer Newman's. But it was<br />still good.
This coffee is inoffensive, but not strong enough for my tastes.  I do use cream, and I'm sure that makes a difference.
I like strong coffee, but I don't want it to taste burnt or have an acidic after taste. Caribou Coffee's Mahogany is full bodied with a nice balance of dark notes and acidity.  It's one of my "go to" coffees when my favorites like Coffee People's Wake Up Call are out of stock.
I like my coffee strong. This is the first brand that I have tasted that provides the kick I need without the bitterness. I keep my pantry stocked with Mahogony and I do not share!
love to order my coffee on amazon.  easy and shows up quickly.<br />This k cup is great coffee.  dcaf is very good as well
One of the richer coffee for k cups! We typically grind our own even for the Keurig but the Mahagoney from Caribou is a great alternative. Order was shipped very quickly.  Will definitely buy again.
This is my favorite K-cup coffee (I've tried about twenty different types) and, so far, everyone I've served it to really likes it a lot. Even the pickiest coffee connoisseur I know thought this k-cup made an excellent cup of coffee. Two non-coffee drinking friends wish they liked coffee because they love the sound of Caribou Mahogany.
This is a great coffee.  Its dark but not bitter, a little chocolaty, and it reminds me of an Adirondack lodge.  I can get them for a better price in a Caribou Coffee store, however.
I've tried quite a few coffees and many end up tasting the same. However, this and the Italian Blend by Timothy's are two that are very good black or with cream/sugar. If you're looking for a simple coffee without all the flavors, this is the one for you.
I've tried over a dozen varieties of K-Cups and this is, by far, my favorite!  It's strong but not bitter and just has a great flavor.  This will be my choice from now on.
Without beating it to death - If you like a full bodied, but mellow brew this might be for you.  It is hearty, but not at all bitter.  It holds a nice full body, even when the Keurig is set to the oversize setting.  It's now my favorite blend.
I go for the bold varieties of coffee and this Mahogany is not only bold but very smooth.  My all time favorite!
So Far this is the only K-cup I've found thats tastes great with a normal brew!  It's not watered down like the regular stuff, and dosen't taste burnt like the bold stuff. They only K-cup i'm buying from now on!
We've tried every coffee brand available for the Keurig, and this one is, by far, the best.  It's extraordinarily smooth and rich - the closest to Starbucks, if that's your thing.  I add to it a healthy splash of Bolthouse coffee/mocha - very good.
The Mahogany has a smooth full bodied character.  I highly recommend this coffee to drinkers looking for a bold but not overpowering taste!
This coffee is not really bold in my opinion - it falls more along medium roast flavor. It's a decent, smooth coffee, but I didn't think really bold. Like all k-cups though seriously overpriced!
If you like strong coffee, as I do this coffee is over rated. I found it weak, with a sickening after  taste.
This coffee is very full bodied, and has a great aroma; however, it is the only K-Cup coffee I've had that has a bitter aftertaste. I would still drink it if someone offered me a cup, but I won't buy it again.
This was sold out at Cafe Express site.  Thrilled to<br />Find it here. Quick delivery and great service!  Happy to know that I can find it here.
My favorite blend of my favorite coffee.  Used to have to smuggle a few pounds of the stuff back in my suitcase everytime I went out to the midwest! Now I can get in k-cups.  Yay! Good price on amazon, but super saver shipping takes forever! Fedexing it to the post office makes no sense.  just fedex it to me and shave 2 days off the wait already!
This coffee is very smooth but rather flat compared to Starbuck's brews.  It doesn't have any bite to it.<br />If you like a mild coffee, you will enjoy this one.
Honestly, I'm not sure why so many folks like this coffee in their reviews.  It's a little weak but mostly just doesn't have a rich flavor.  It is really missing something.  I drink coffee black.  Maybe it tastes better with cream and sugar?  Before buying this coffee, I had been drinking Starbuck's French Roast and Folger's Black Silk, both of which taste SO MUCH better than this coffee.
Let me be honest, I wasn't expecting this to be very good. I received a sample and it sat in the fridge for a good week before I was brave enough to give it a taste.<br /><br />At first sip, it was much sweeter than I expected it to be. I could certainly taste the pineapple, but the coconut flavor was much more pronounced than I thought it would be. It was good! I very much enjoyed the taste of the drink. It was exotic and refreshing. It was much fuller in weight, as I was thinking it would be watery with a mild flavor.<br /><br />The box reminded me of those chocolate milks that I buy for my kids, but it didn't detract from the flavor.
I have been buying ONE Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple regularly for awhile now. I like the flavor and ordering it on line is very convenient. Also, I have had no problems with delivery.<br /><br />Unfortunately, IPROZON has just lost my business.  I didn't mind paying $15.00 for a case of 12.  I will not, however, pay $39.95 for a case of 12.  That is robbery.  I can walk into Fred Meyer Grocery and buy a case of 12 for $17.88.  Plus there are other sites still selling it for $15.00 per case.  I noticed IPROZON is still selling the other flavors of ONE coconut water for $15.00 for a case of 12.  So what on earth are they thinking.<br /><br />I am quite unhappy with having to trust one of these other sites with my credit card information, but I am willing to do that versus paying nearly $40 for a case of 12.  Quite ridiculous.
I was exhausted, hot, and dehydrated when I spotted this in a concourse store at JFK airport.  I was about to get on a 6 hour flight and water sounded too unsatisfying - but juice sounded too heavy.<br />I'd heard the rumblings about coconut water so I looked to see if I liked any of the flavor options - I can't stand mango and just about everyone adds it. I was relieved to see the O.N.E. coconut water with a "splash of pineapple" so I figured I'd give it a go.<br />The woman at the counter said "are you sure you want that? It's $4." Steep! But it's an airport, what can you do? By that point I was so wanting to try it I said sure.  After all, it would've been $3 for a sticky sweet soda.<br />I was so happy with it that I kept the empty tetra pack with me the whole time I traveled so I would know which one it was.  It doesn't taste heavy (in case the pina colada reference made it sound that way) but the pineapple takes the edge off the green coconut water.  It's amazing.<br />I was happy to find it on Amazon - as I'm definitely hooked.<br />Since I have Prime shipping, it gets to me in 2 days (if I order it right, that is!) which saves me a trip to various local stores trying to see who still has it in stock.<br />I'm totally thrilled with this stuff.
We loved this product and I just received my new order.  I noticed the packing changed which made me check the label.  The ingredients and NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION HAS CHANGED!<br /><br />Old Ingredients & Nutrition (sample)<br />Natural Coconut Water<br />Natural Pineapple Juice<br />Cane Juice<br />Vit C.<br />Natural Fruit Flavor<br />Sodium 115mg<br />Potassium 299mg<br />Sugar 16g<br />Vit C 172%<br />Calcium 1.3%<br />Iron 1.8%<br /><br />New Ingredients & Nutrition (sample)<br />Coconut Water<br />Pineapple Juice<br />Sugar<br />Ascorbic Acid<br />Natural Flavor<br />Sodium 45mg<br />Potassium 425mg<br />Sugar 20g<br />Calcium 2%<br />Iron 0%<br />Magnesium 2%<br />Vit C 210%<br />96% Juice<br /><br />Maybe the new box is misprinted as it says 96% juice and the packaging clearly says "a splash of pineapple and other natural flavors".<br /><br />No thank you...I'll be cancelling my subscription.  I don't why the change.
Please contact the manufacturer and ask them to change back to the old formula if you love this product! We just cancelled our subscription of 8 cases per month because the new formula is disgusting! Not buying again unless the change back to the old version!
O. N. E. Coconut water is delicious and refreshing. It is amazing how it rids me of cramps in my calves and lower back.
This drink is perfect for the summer. It is a healthy alternative to soda, and a great way to hydrate your body. I know this isn't the "healthiest" coconut water on the market (it does have cane sugar), but it's the best one for those who are new to coconut water, or just don't prefer something as natural as pure coconut water. My brother hates coconut water,but loves this stuff. This drink is not too sweet,and has the perfect balance of pureed pineapple and natural coconut water subtly mixed together. I like vita coco's fruit infused waters as well, but find that this drink is a lot smoother in texture, and slightly more refreshing on a hot summer day.
I happen to like foods that arent as sweet as kool aid or other sugary drinks. Very refreshing after mowing the lawn and helped  keep those afternoon headaches away.
I got the O.N.E. Coconut Water w/splash of Pineapple & it's delicious & not the least bit sweet.  Just very refreshing!!  LOVE IT and will continue using it.  Saw this on Dr. Oz as he recommended it.
I saw this item in my local grocery store, and I thought I would give it a try.<br /><br />I have to admit, I was very surprised about how much I enjoyed this item.  I found it refreshing, and I felt that I had a bit more energy. I would happily purchase this product again and again.<br /><br />A word of advice to people complaining that it doesn't taste "coconutty" enough.  Coconut water and coconut milk are two very different things.  Coconut water comes from a green, immature coconut, while the milk comes from what we all think of when we think of a coconut...a hard, brown, fiber covered shell.  Just like a green banana and a ripe banana taste different, the same can be said of coconut.  If you don't think of this as a coconut drink or a pina colada, you will probably enjoy it even more.
This is the best drink out there!  I've always had adult acne and no matter what I took or what the dermatologist prescribed for me, it has always been so difficult to treat my acne.  I started drinking coconut water for the electrolyte benefits after my intense spinning classes but I noticed within several weeks that my face started to clear up and actually looked smoother!  Besides keeping me hydrated and my electrolytes in balance, it has improved the quality of my skin tone!  LOVE IT!!!!!!
I started drinking coconut water when it was suggested to me by a friend.  I never really loved the taste of it, but I spend a great deal of time in the desert and I just can't seem to suck down enough water without getting waterlogged, so I was excited when I found flavors.  I know that recently it's become trendy and much harder for me to find, but my friends have been drinking it for years, as has my yoga instructor, and they highly recommend it for drinking not only for sports, but also to keep hydrated.  Plus, it's done wonders for my always dry skin.<br /><br />If nothing else it's a great avoid a hangover cure if drunk before going to bed, and if your partied too much to avoid being sick it seems to work much better than Pedialyte to get your electrolytes back in balance.
I admit that I fully expected to dislike this product, and approached it with a dismissive attitude - something that's this trendy can't be any good, right? well, I was wrong. The ONE coconut water is refreshing, delicious, and just barely sweet. Really wonderful stuff. The hint of pineapple adds a little bit of acidity that enhances the basic taste of the water. i bet this would make a great summer drink too, but I only had one so I didn't get tot try that. My problem now is that it's been out of stock, so I can't get more.
I decided to try this although I am not a big fan of flavored waters.  It is quite refreshing and the flavors are quite vibrant and not weak as in some concoctions.  I happen to like both coconut and pineapple so there is no problem with the basic idea and both can be distinguished in the mix.  The one drawback for some is because pineapple is a rather strong addition, even a splash puts it up front and center.  This added to the coconut may make it far too sweet for some.  It would certainly be a good pick me up after a workout or, in my case, after shoeveling the snow that seems to be deposited regularly this winter in the Northeast.
Ugh....I tried this as a replacement for the Coconut Water with Pineapple that was available before in the automatic ship program.  This stuff is awful.  It's got added sugar, which is not needed at all and actually makes the drink taste pretty gross.  Never getting this stuff again.  (And I do love coconut water, in general, as it is a fantastic hydrator and tastier than Gatorade...well, usually.  Not this stuff.)
Being a ride leader with a bicycle club, I use coconut water (with its high Potassium and vitamin C) as an energy drink. I prefer this product to that you find in ethnic markets, because it has no added sugar and it hasn't been boiled.
Coconut Water with a splash of Pineapple<br /><br />This is refreshing!  It's sweet, but not too sweet.  The coconut flavor isn't pronounced, and the pineapple isn't so overpowering that it tastes like syrup.  It's clean tasting.  According to the packaging, "it has five essential electrolytes, more potassium than a banana, no fat, no cholesterol, and no preservatives."  There's a smidge of fiber, 0.8 g of protein and 16 g of sugars.  I suspect most of the sugar comes from the pineapple, but "cane juice" is one of the ingredients, too. The 8.5 fl oz carton comes to 75 calories.<br /><br />If you sign up for subscribe & save, it's less than $1 per carton.  Actually, the carton is the only thing I don't like about this drink.  It's sort of hard to drink directly from because there isn't any air getting let in when you drink, which makes a vacuum.  This was solved by pouring it into a glass.  *whew*<br /><br />This was good.  I will definitely get more, and I highly recommend this to people who like pineapple juice.
Almost gagged at first taste. I have used other coconut based products (water, milk, cooking oil, etc) and this is the first time I have been disappointed. My teenage kids hated it. My son is health food nut and drinks all the protein shakes and he couldn't stand it. I am sure Done is not the healthiest, but one you try that, there is no comparison in flavor tolerance.
I LOVE THIS STUFF. Really, I do. I have tried all of the flavors, but I haven't tried the original. I have to say, by far, pineapple is my favorite. Guava is a close second. Who am I kidding? I love them all!<br /><br />Despite what others say about it tasting best at room temperature, I find it tastes very refreshing and even better when on ice. If you want a natural, tasty alternative to water, this is for you.
Since I had been recuperating from a 24 hour flu bug that lasted a<br />week, I knew I was low on electrolytes.  I opted for this product,<br />as some products tend to further aggravate my stomach and<br />acid reflux.  This worked out extremely well, and the taste<br />is good.  I WILL keep it on hand from now on!
I have tried all the different brands of coconut water and O.N.E. is my favorite and O.N.E. Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple is my favorite flavor. I wish the price would come back down I absolutely love this stuff!
To me, this tastes more like pineapple juice than coconut.  There is an underlying hint of coconut, I know the water isn't strongly flavored, but I wasn't expecting so much pineapple.  This is tangy and sweet.  It is alright.  Package is smaller, but I don't think I could handle too much more of it in one sitting.  I am not thrilled with their unflavored coconut water, it is too tangy/sour to me, so with the pineapple it helps cover up that funkiness for me.  Not sure I'd buy this again.  Still in search of the one I first tried and fell in love with, but so far not finding anything as light and fresh tasting.
I didn't expect coconut water with a splash of pineapple juice to taste quite so salty, even if it does replace electrolytes, so that was off-putting.  It's not really bad, especially over ice, but I won't be ordering any more of it.
This is good but not as good as the standard coconut water in this brand.  The container is smaller, there is no straw, and I like the taste of the plain one better.  It is OK.
I've had Amy and Brians coconut water - yum!, Vico's plain in the tetra pack - great! (the ones in the plastic bottle and some in the larger tetra packs are from concentrate - blah and yuck- don't get those!) , and the ones in the glass bottles- green cover- can't remember the name, but pure coconut water -great too.<br /><br />This, one with pineapple- no good.  The added cane juice is superfluous to the natural sweetness of coconut water and pineapple juice.  It makes the water taste 'thicker' and not so healthy.<br /><br />I wish these brands can just stick to the name of the drinks in their ingredients! (i.e. coconut water and pineapple juice! - no more!)
I love coconut and pineapple, but I was not wild about the ONE Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple. It wasn't BAD ... it had a mildly coconutty (though not sweet) flavor, but it just wasn't anything special. It was rather bland, and I had a hard time finishing it as it started to warm up. Since I'm not a competitive athlete and don't have any great need to replenish my electrolytes, I'd rather just drink water.
...Then O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is the drink for you.  I found this drink to be almost overpoweringly sweet as a standalone beverage.  According to the package, O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE contains natural coconut water, natural pineapple juice, cane juice, vitamin C, and natural fruit flavor.  Personally, with the coconut and the pineapple, I think they could have left out the sugar cane.<br /><br />However, when I paired O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE with a light snack of cheese and crackers, it became a very tasty, refreshing drink.  I, apparently, needed a little salt and/or savory to make O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE completely palatable.  With the afore mentioned snack, the O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is really delightful.  I can also see it being very invigorating on a hot summer today (not so much with the cold winter weather).<br /><br />O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE comes in a handy 8.5 oz box with a place to punch a straw through.  This type of packaging is nice if you are on the go or have kids.  Just throw it in your bag and go.<br /><br />Prior to this experience, I had not heard of coconut water.  On the packaging it says "O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is a blend of the natural water from inside a young, green coconut and sweet, golden pineapple juice. It has five essential electrolytes, more potassium than a banana, no fat, no cholesterol, and no preservatives."  Huh...who knew you could drink a green coconut?  Educational and a good source of potassium.  Being allergic to bananas, it is always good to have another source.<br /><br />Overall, I would not drink O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE by itself in the middle of winter.  But together with non-sugary snack or in the high heat of summer, I would definitely give O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE another try.
This seems like a pretty straightforward drink. It's coconut juice and it's pineapple juice, with a bit of sugar and not much else.<br /><br />They claim it's a good source of potassium and electrolytes.<br /><br />For me it was pretty tasty. Granted it was also very sweet. Is it a "health drink"? I don't know if I'd go that far. It has Vitamin C and trace amounts of Calcium / Iron, but not much else other than sugar.<br /><br />For what it is (something sweet to sip), it's pretty good.
My top line advice: If you want coconut water with a touch of pineapple, get the Vita Coco, not this one.<br /><br />Size: The size is 8.5 fl oz per package. I didn't pay close attention when ordering, and expected the larger, 11.5 oz size. Not a big deal, and was my fault, but it's a little too small to be useful.<br /><br />Taste: Ick. I love coconut water. I love pineapple juice. I love lightly flavored coconut water. This tastes like none of the above. The flavor is sickly sweet (ingredients included added sugar), and with none of the nice mellow coconut flavor of other coconut waters I've tried. Might as well be a processed kids drink.<br /><br />Alternatives: While I actually prefer O.N.E.'s regular, unflavored coconut water over other brands, the Vita Coco coconut water with a splash of pineapple is far superior to this one. It comes in a larger package, doesn't have added sugar, has more vitamins and nutrients (this one is diluted with sugar water), and tastes like you're drinking it fresh on the beach. This one is just...not great.
I wanted to try this juice as I'm a big fan of coconut flavoured products.  Given that it claims to have a "splash of pineapple", I was expecting a light pina-colada flavour.<br /><br />On opening the package, I could smell the hint of pineapple, and I'd say the taste of pineapple is a bit stronger than the coconut water.  Probably because I've mostly tasted coconut milk and not water, I'd say this was nothing like what I expected.  It's not bad for thirst quenching, but it wasn't my favourite drink in terms of taste.
hi every one I just wanted to share some of my experience with you about this product. First off all it taste pretty good but its kinda sugary and salty. Its an ok drink but when you think about it and you compare it to others this drink is not as healthy as others. Its more like a juice drink than a healthy one. Compared to Vitacoco it has more calories, twice the sodium, half the potassium and almost half the vitamin C. This drink also has less magnesium, phosphorous, and 4 times less calcium. The only this the drink does have over Vitacoco is the 1 less gram of sugar. Overall pay the extra price and get a better drink for your body and if you dont believe me go to the websites and check the facts below or check it out on their web site.<br /><br />O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE<br />Calories: 75<br />Fat: 0<br />Cholesterol: 0<br />Sodium(115mg): 4.8%<br />potassium(299mg): 8.5%<br />Carbs(17g): 6%<br />Fiber: 1.2%<br />Sugar: 16g<br />protein: 0g<br /><br />vitamin c: 172%<br />calcium: 1.3%<br />magnesium: 0%<br />phosphorous: 0%<br />Iron: 1.8%<br /><br />COMPARED TO<br /><br />VITACOCO WITH SPLASH OF COCONUT<br />Calories: 80<br />Fat: 0<br />Cholesterol: 0<br />Sodium(40mg): 2%<br />potassium(740mg): 19%<br />Carbs(21g): 7%<br />Fiber: 0%<br />Sugar: 21g<br />protein: 0g<br /><br />vitamin c: 240%<br />calcium: 5%<br />magnesium: 10%<br />phosphorous: 5%<br />Iron: 0%
I'm usually into Pineapple and coconut drinks, but this drink just didn't taste all that great to me. The taste doesn't resemble anything close to a 'Pina Colada' flavor and it was actually difficult to taste the pineapple or coconut in it.  It just tastes tangy and a little sour... like water that has a bit of sugar and sour-ness to it. Yeah, not really a taste I crave. I'm not sure if everyone had this reaction to this drink, but it just didn't appeal to me. I really wanted to like it though, because as I said before... I usually love pineapple coconut drinks.
This product is billed as an all natural anti-oxident and electrolyte replacing beverage.  Sort of like all-natural Gatorade with anti-oxidents.<br /><br />Like a sports beverage, it too is also kinda bland.  I love some of the Gatorade flavors, some not so much.  This drink falls into the not so much category for me.<br /><br />It is sorta sweet, sorta pineapple-y, and also sorta bland.  My wife commented that it has a slippery feel in her mouth, like the glass had soap in it still.  I didn't think it was that bad but the drink really didn't appeal to me.<br /><br />In the end, yes, this drink is probably much better for you than a glass of apple juice and definitely better than some sugar infused punch.  But as a sports drink, I think I'll stick with plain old gatorade; it's cheaper and contains fewer calories per serving.<br /><br />If going the all natural route with your juices/drinks is of the utmost importance this may be something to consider and bump this review to 3 stars.
I received a single 8.5 once container of ONE Coconut water with a splash of Pineapple as part of the Amazon Vine program for review.<br /><br />It would have been nice if it had come with a straw, especially considering the price of the product. Now as to the "Splash of Pineapple", well it must not have been a very big splash, because I never did taste any pineapple. So what did I taste? It is hard to describe. It doesn't taste like coconut or cane sugar or any "Natural Fruit flavor".<br /><br />To be honest, it tastes like water,...sort of. Like water with an odd, undefinable extra flavor. It's not a bad flavor or a good flavor, it's just Meh! flavor. I don't care how "healthy" this drink is supposed to be, for it's price, it should have a better flavor, or just have a flavor.<br /><br />And as a "thirst quencher", it doesn't equal up to Gatorade or even a Lemonade. I feel a glass of tap water would do just as good as job to quench your thirst.
Coconut water with a hint of pineapple, shipped to the US from Indonesia, packaged in (usually) non-recyclable, disposable containers, and catering to the... sports drink market ("good source of electrolytes")?<br /><br />I took a  8.5 ounce container and poured 6 servings, for 4 teenagers and 2 adults.  First impression?  The teens (serious athletes) were not told what the drink was, but I did mention that it was being marketed as a potential sports drink.<br /><br />The result?  No negative votes, but no one would choose it over existing drinks.  Everyone recognized the pineapple flavor instantly.  "It leaves a strange feeling in my mouth," one teen said.  This was probably the coconut water; it had a residual flavor and feel.<br /><br />There was no straw included with the package, so the opening and pouring needed the assistance of a fork or knife.  It's mostly (cane) sugar water, so why bother?<br /><br />But the biggest issue is the waste.  Coconut sugar water from Indonesia?  What's the carbon footprint of this product?  And the container has 2 "recycle" symbols on it, but, like milk cartons, it is difficult to find a community that will actually keep them out of the landfill.<br /><br />Bottom line?  It's not that tasty, being little more than sugar water, and the transport and packaging waste really don't fit into a culture (for me) focusing on sustainability.
This is a close second to my all-time favorite, Jack Links Beef Steakhouse Steaks, which is the filet mignon of beef jerky. They're very similar in taste and price, but the Steakhouse edges out this one oh so slightly. Still pretty awesome jerky, very tender, and not a hint of fat or gristle. Bon appetit!
Actually, Sojo's strongly recommends that the meat you add to their mixes be raw, but it an be cooked as I choose to do.  My dog arrived with coccidia and giardia as a puppy.  Through veterinary mismanagement, he was never completely healthy for the first 2 1/2 years of his life.  After watching him get sicker on an aggressive course of antibiotics and prednisone for his Inflammatory Bowel Disease, I took him to a holistic veterinarian.  Part of his treatment has been a homemade diet of Sojo's and meat plus no medications.  I'm extremely pleased to report he has had no GI episodes in over 6 months and has reached a point where I consider him healthy.  His coat is glossy and much fluffier than before he's finally at a good weight.  I have before and after photos that show a dramatic improvement,much of which I credit to Sojo's.<br /><br />It does take some extra time to prepare as opposed to kibble, but I make 4 days worth at a time. This takes me about 30 - 40 minutes total which includes down time while the meat is cooking and cleaning up after.  To be completely honest, I'm not thrilled about cooking for my dog but I am thrilled with the results.  If I was able to feed him raw (perhaps down the road, when our vet gives the ok), preparation time would  be almost nothing.
Sojos foods have been tested for nutritional content and they are all formulated to have a calcium to phosphorus ratio of 1.4:1. You do not need to add calcium or phosphorus.
I feed my dogs Sojos as part of a mixed bowl of quality kibble and quality canned food.  I recommend Sojos.<br /><br />But I had a problem with the Amazon purchase.  Amazon stored the Sojos bag in the original mailing box Sojos sent them.  My order was picked from the shelf and the box containing the Sojos was placed in another box and mailed to me.  The bag of Sojos was almost one year old and there was no way Amazon kept track of that.  I got a refund from Amazon with no question and very quickly, but Amazon needs to keep control of the "use-by" dates of food they offer on their site.
I have three Newfoundlands so we go through a lot of food!  One of the dogs has had severe health issues and since we've switched from commercial kibble to home made food, he's thrived!  He gets regular blood tests to monitor the drugs he's on and they have been perfect since we started on Sojos!  It will not cure his issues, but he has more energy and he can't wait for meal time!  The other two are glowing with health as well!  All three dogs coats are shiny and they have tons of energy (for a Newf!)
I think this is a great product but my picky dog gets tired of it after a week.
My small mixed breed is a picky eater but he seems to like solos so long as I mix it with some good people food. He hasnt had problems digesting it  Delivery was prompt as expected.
I have a now 8 month old male Shih Tzu.  When I brought him home from the breeder, I kept him on the 'Pro Plan Puppy' tiny dry kibble until the bag was almost finished.  There was about 2 cups left in the bag and he began walking away from his bowl as soon as I put it down.  As a test, I rolled a few morsels across the tile floor in the kitchen to see what would happen...he'd eat about 10 pieces and go bring me one of his squeaker toys to play with. (Which I was happy with, as I don't want to 'play' with his food as a game to get him to eat).  I went and got him Blue Buffalo dry puppy food (lamb and oatmeal formula), which had bigger size kibbles.  It seemed that he liked the bigger sized items to chew on and the harder antioxidant bits, since he was teething and chewing on his dentabones, venison antler, lamb lung chips for comfort.  Again when I got down to about a quarter of food left in the bag, he would walk away from the bowl---this went on for almost 3 days.  He was still having small bowel movements, urinating, drinking water and playing, running and continuing his successful training exercises; called the vet and they wanted to give me wet venison formula by Science Diet/Veterinarian's Diet after the exam, which showed nothing physically wrong.  The one vet tech said that Shih Tzu's tend to be picky eaters.  I didn't pick up the food at their check out counter, left and began some of my own research into the breed itself and a more natural diet.  I know from some of our outdoor excursions that he's attracted to road kill (he'll sniff the air, and want to lunge for it and would probably eat it if left to his own devices...but I won't allow it).  I remember being a kid in the late 60's early 70's and all my friends who had dogs fed them 1 of 2 choices available back then: Gravy Train or Alpo and they mixed meat or the drippings from the meat; they ate bones, etc and all lived into their late teens.  One of my friends small mutt lived to be 24 years old!!!  I never saw these dogs itching or digging at themselves other than the usual ears or if their was a flea problem, since I grew up in a rural area and most often that was a common occurrance.  Well, I read up on the more natural diets and decided to get the Sojos and ground beef and some boneless chicken thighs/breasts.  My Weston isn't a big fan of totally raw meat, but when browned (I put it in the toaster oven and add 1/4 tsp of 'Missing Link' to the meat portion) with the soaked Sojos Original, he eats with gusto!!!  From his early days, I would play with and take his food away, so he's not food aggressive.  He eats the recommended portion for his size and walks away when done.  Weston then wants to play hard, train hard, take a nice walk and nap.  His coat is soft and easy to keep brushed and groomed.  The droppings are nice sized and easy to clean up.  I just had him neutered 2 days ago and he ate this Sojos mix with the same gusto (even with the e-collar to challenge him).  So I am a fan and we are finished with the second 2.5 lb bag and I just ordered another one.  Hope this helps someone with a picky eater; I know another reviewer mentioned their Shih Tzu not liking it, but this shows you that dogs have certain tastes different from each other, much like us humans.
I didn't mean to order a 40-pound bag. But I did. Wow. That's a lot of food. Be sure to mix it with protein or else you dog will suffer a bit of internal distress.
Sojo's diet lacks calcium, and if fed as directed will cause severe metabolic bone disease in your dog.  This diet requires supplementation with a balanced calcium/phosphorous additive to be safe.
I was introduced to these very small doggie bones at my Vet.  My 14 year old Springer who has never been much into doggie bones LOVES these things!!  They make great pocket stuffers to carry around for incentive and motivation.  My old guy has a hard time waking up to go outside and one wiff of one of these bones does miracles.  I have a younger Springer who also loves the bones but she doesn't need much motivation to do anything, ha, but they are also great training aids.  I also sent home a handful of these bones with a painter I had at my home for his 3 dogs and he said they loved them too....so I guess that's antidotal but that's 5 dogs that really love the things!  Oh, the bones are way more expensive when you find them at your Vet, about twice as much per pound, so this is a great buy.  Buy a nice food safe container from Home Depot and fill it up.  You won't run out of bones for a while and that's a good thing!
It doesn't have a whole lot of flavor, but most light roasts don't.  It does have a unique flavor, but is kind of rich and tiring, so I recommend you mix it with other coffees to make it taste better and make you other bland coffees taste a little better.
It seems most of the organic/shade grown/fair trade coffee is medium or dark roasted, so I've been having a hard time finding something that I like.  While this doesn't wow me like some other coffees, it's priced cheaper than those coffees and it's a good brew for when I'm not really paying attention to what I'm drinking (like when I'm working).<br /><br />I'm definitely going to keep this one around, and just switch to the expensive (better) coffees that I've found when I can really enjoy them.<br /><br />Compared to other coffee that's not organic/shade grown/fair trade, this is an average light roast.  Good, but nothing to get excited over.  It's worth purchasing over those coffees because of the growing practices.
I recently moved and couldn't find a thai restaurant nearby. My favorite meal at my old thai place was massaman curry. I used the recipe on the back on the package when I got it, and it was JUST like what I get at the restaurant! Excellent flavor!
We love to get Masaman curry at our local Thai restaurant, but I haven't been able to find a paste that actually tastes like it.  This paste does, and is very easy to prepare.  Just add some coconut milk and heat - add your protein and veggies of choice, done!  I have now bought some of the other Mae Ploy products, and found them all very good quality with authentic flavors.
This is really delicious and not something you can find in the local grocery store.  If you did it would be very expensive and a much smaller quantity.  This is a good deal and super easy to use.
this paste is actually what first got me into thai curry, at the time i loved it, made it all the time, then i discovered a better brand of curry paste, hand brand curry paste, premium stuff, amazon doesn't sell :(, hint to amazon, stock it, but you can get it at [...], its based in seattle and they import everything from thailand, the flavor of hands brand is so much better the mae ploy, a huge difference, i went back to mae ploy after having hand brand and i didnt even finish my meal, very bland, boring by comparison, also as a side note, these are very small containers, i was used to buy the large ones at my local asian store, these are like 1/4 the size of those ones. not a good deal if you can find it locally.
I ordered this product to send to my friend's husband. They had just moved to Alabama in the end of March, she could not find ANY Diet Peach Snapple that tasted the same as what they had bought up here in New Jersey. He said that the water that was used down South made the Diet Peach Snapple taste different ! So, now she is happy because she has found  a source that they can buy his Snapple from ! Thank you.
This peach flavored diet tea by Snapple is extremely refreshing after a long summer's day! It's truly a diet tea--there are zero calories. It's best served chilled; and it has a mild but not overwhelming peach flavor to it that is just right. Snapple makes this with green and black tea leaves; there's also a mild green tea flavor mixed in with the peach flavoring. They use filtered water as well. This tea is sweetened somewhat with Aspartame; but Snapple adds in just the right amount so that it's not excessively sweet. If you want really tea that is rather sweet, you'll either have to look further or use this with added sweetener. It also contains phenylalanine and it is kosher if these are dietary concerns for you.<br /><br />If you have other questions, the company has a toll free number so that people can contact them.<br /><br />Overall, this tea is perfect for a hot summer's day when you want something cool to refresh yourself and whet your whistle. I highly recommend this product.
Previously I bought some mustard seed that was unbearably bitter, but the mustard I made with this seed is very tasty and (after mellowing a few days) not bitter at all. Pleasantly spicy.
In my quest to find snacks that are not empty calorie types, this is one of my new favorites.  Great taste, and although a hefty calorie count, the decent amount of protein makes this a good choice for eating on the run, if a real meal just is not an option!  VERY satisfying.  I also tried the white sesame crunch, and that is ok too, but this one wins for taste.
Mrs. May's pumpkin crunch is a great snack. For those of you watching calories and intake, be aware that the 2oz portions are two servings. Most of Mrs. May's products are great, but with the fat at 11g per serving, i find it's not a complete guilt free snack. However, the pumpkin seed crunch has 9gms of protein per serving vs. the usual 4gms in their other snacks. So if you're monitoring your intake and want to indulge in these now and then, the pumpkin seed crunch is the healthiest option of the bunch.<br /><br />That said, they are all tasty and certainly not bad for you, just a little high in fat if you're watching your weight.
I love to put a bag of Pumpkin Crunch on the table at work and watch people's faces light up when they taste them.  Try it.
Mrs. May's Pumpkin Crunch is the best of the bunch.  If you like pumpkin seeds this is for you.  The slightly sweet cubes make me think I am eating cake.  These are great for snacking and even dessert. A truly wonderful product and gluten-free into the bargain!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EH2AMA">Mrs. May's Dry-Roasted Snack, Pumpkin Crunch, 2-Ounce Pouches (Pack of 24)</a><br />Pumpkin Crunch is great.<br />Stick with 2oz. size (2 servings)<br />Much too easy to consume entire 5.5oz. bag without realizing it.<br />:-D LOL
it has good tast and crunchy. I bought black sesame before, it is good too. highly recommanded.
I picked this up at my local grocery store in the seasonal aisle [with the Easter goodies].<br /><br />This moist cake mix can be made with or without eggs. I used them, and wasn't the least bit disappointed.<br /><br />I paired the cake with Pilsbury's Pink Lemonade frosting, too. But you could have it totally un-frosted if you'd like! You will still love it!<br /><br />Perfect for the family dessert, children's cupcakes, or a lovely addition to the ladies afternoon tea! If you love pink lemonade you are going to love this!<br /><br />The color just screams Spring and Easter! And the taste will leave you screaming for another bite!<br /><br />I give this 5-stars and my thumbs up!
I normally bake from scratch but when I saw this pink lemonade cake mix with matching frosting I just had to try them both. This cake can be made two ways: with or without egg yolks. I recommend with as the cake will be nice and moist as a result. This cake would also be just as good with plain white icing or just a dusting of powdered sugar. You can make it as a layer, bundt, or sheet cake, or as cupcakes. I picked it up at the grocery store recently for about $1.80 per box, the frosting was about the same price per can. I ended up going back and purchasing more for later as I believe this is just a seasonal flavor and Pillsbury will pull it from the market at some point. If they do I hope they bring it back every spring. Until then I'll be stocking up.
Like I said about the icing....I am so happy to be able to buy this online. It is a family favorite, it also was shipped on time and arrived early. Definitely going to buy again.
I picked up a box of this in a discount grocery store in paso robles. The cake was heavenly. I liked it so much, I found another store that sold the mix as well as the icing, and there is even a pink lemonade cookie mix which I bought but haven't tried yet.<br /><br />The taste, is of course lemon, but it reminds me a bit of that flavored mix Country Time I drank as a kid, but less tangy. Its very light and refreshing.<br /><br />I simply loved it. Hope this is more than just a seasonal flavor.
I tried the cookies and they were great nd trying to find them in the stores<br />with no success. did not realize they were seasonal or would have stocked up<br />great product
This is a great product, so it's no surprise that the local shelves are often cleared of it, especially early in the season. Purchasing in bulk through amazon.com is a dependable alternative. Bayer 2-in-1 in granular form feeds roses and flowers while protecting them with a systemic insecticide for up to 6 weeks, but you'll need a separate fungicidal/disease treatment, and the systemic would not be something one would apply to anything edible. Bayer assures me the product is safe for pollinators and earthworms.
I have been a rose Gardner for many years, I remember when this product was made by Ortho and called Rose Pride.  This product really helps with the pests and diseases that roses tend to acquire.  Though it does not stop all pests (cane borers) it stops the major ones that cause serious damage and spread disease.  I treat all my plants on the same monthly regiment and make sure to do it every four to six weeks making a note on my calendar.  Like one other reviewer said you will not see immediate results with this since it is systemic.  For the best results make sure to read the package and work the granules  into the soil and water in.
I have been plagued by white flies for over a year. Neither chemical nor natural treatment has gotten rid of them completely. I decided to try this as it's made by a respected international brand & I thought a systemic product might work.<br />A week after the first application there was no reduction in infestation but by the second week I started to notice less & less of the little vermin. By the time I was ready to do a third application there was not even one white fly or any other insect on any of my roses or any other shrub. I had even used it on potted plants which were also infested & it worked on everything.<br />Remember, the product is systemic and is absorbed gradually into the plant so you will not see an immediate improvement but it works wonderfully.  Also if like me, you don't always remember to spray regularly or get the underneaths of the leaves, then something which you can sprinkle at the base of the plant every 6-8 weeks is certainly a lot easier to use.
There's one important thing not mentioned on their label and that it is NOT for use in containers! Why hide that info? To make more sales, of course. You'll only learn that if you read their Q & A on their website. I studied the labels and opened the back label and it's never mentioned you can't use it on potted plants. Thanks Bayer...now I have to go back to the store to return it. I guess a lot of people have wondered why their potted flowers or roses died, not knowing it's because of this product. If you see your bees dwindle and disappear, then this is the reason. Will systemic products affect your fragrance of your flowers? After 3-4 years of use, they will not have a fragrance. Got earthworms? You wouldn't know unless you thoroughly dug through your dirt. AVOID THIS!
The active ingredient in this sytemic is imidacloprid.  It is adbsorbed by the rose plant into the leaves, but not the flowers I learned recently online.  I have been using this stuff for years and obseved this, but put it down to my not giving the plant enough granules.  Unless you SPRAY the flowers with another product containing the insecticide, the Japanese beetles devour the rose flowers and leave th leaves alone.<br /> see link<br />[...]
Works wonderfully for most all applications in the garden. Could not be easier since it is systemic and helps fertilize only what you want to fertilize.
If I could give this product a minus 10 stars, I would.  There is now very strong evidence that chlothianidin which is in this product is one of the pesticides that is affecting honeybees and contributing to colony collapse disorder.  This US has yet to ban this pesticide, but it has already been banned in other countries. Avoid this product and any others containing clothianidin.
These chips are good to sprinkle on salad, use in cookies and baking and sprinkle on cereal.  Very pleased.
This is the best mustard. my husband loves it on his sandwiches for work. it has the right spices and taste to enhance what you are eating. Have been looking for it in bigger tubes with not much luck but any size is great.
This is the best I've ever eaten.  If you like mustard and you like<br />horseradish this is the product to try.<br />My first experience with Thomy was several years ago when my Son lived<br />in Germany.  He used to send it home, but after he moved back to the<br />States the supply was cut off.  But when you notified me that it was<br />available, I was ecstatic.<br />The blend is delicious, and goes well with your favorite crackers and<br />cheese appetizers or with anything you enjoy with mustard.  It adds<br />that little zing.<br />Give it a try, you won't be sorry.
This mustard is NOT for the mild-mannered, but for those who truly appreciate great German food!  This product is original as sauer kraut und rot Kohl!  Its taste is very original and authentic for those who will appreciate a bit of zip in their mustard.  Try it on brats, burgers (etc.), and you simply won't be disappointed.  Alles Gute!  Jim
There isn't much to say about this mustard other than "Ummm Ummm Good!!!"  I tried this for the first time at a BBQ on a salmon burger and it truly brought the flavor out of the meat...now I use it on everything from chicken burgers to homemade Caesers dressing!  You'll love it!!!
Great with bratwurst, breakfast sausages, salami, cheddar cheese, sandwiches, etc., even though it is a bit exotic/expensive to use with sandwiches where it tends to fade into the background, it's best to keep it simple and let it stand out.
It arrived on time and was packaged well.  This was my first try of this mustard.  It was unique, similar to many other hot mustards, but I favored it over the others I have because of the balance of flavors.  It's almost as hot as English (Coleman's) mustard, but a little sweeter and maybe a slight vinegar essence in it. The tube and a bag of pretzels lasted me one or two evenings.
We became acquainted with this mustard when we were in Switzerland and really enjoyed it. That was our reason for purchasing it. Great find!! We have liked this as much as the one that we bought in Europe!
The Lobster Bisque is absolutely delicious. Nice lobster flavor; I cannot imagine what you could possibly add to improve the taste of this soup. Just open, heat and enjoy. I've become such a fan of the Baxter's line that I can't wait to try them all.
Baxters soups are usually very nice, but the lobster bisque is especially good. It tastes authentic, it has a good flavour, is creamy, and has just enough lobster bits to make it interesting. Add some fresh black pepper and a dash of brandy or sherry and it rivals soup served in a very good restaurant.<br /><br />It's also surprisingly low calorie. Though the nutrition info here says 130 calories for 8oz, the label actually says 120 calories, so even if you ate the whole can for lunch you would consume only about 220 calories.
No doubt about it this is just the right combination of Lobster, scampi, prawns with a hint of Dry white wine & a dash of brandy finish this soup to perfection.<br />Ingredients<br />Water, Lobster (4%), Cod (3.5%), Scampi (2.5%), Concentrated Tomato Paste, Modified Cornflour, White Wine, Prawns (1.5%), Skimmed Milk Powder, Butterfat, Double Cream, Salt, Yeast Extract, Sugar, Shrimp Powder, Fish Powder, Vegetable Oil, Vegetable Extracts, Stabiliser (Polyphosphates), Brandy, Concentrated Lemon Juice, Spices, Herb and Spice Extracts with celery.<br />*No Artificial Colours<br />*No Artificial Flavours<br />*No Artificial Preservatives<br /><br />Information<br />Gluten Free<br />Contains: MILK, FISH, SHELLFISH, CELERY.
The taste is good, but I found myself biting down on small bits of lobster shells more often than acceptable. This made me not want to finish my bowl of soup.
This soup is very good tasting if you like seafood, like I do. I am finally finishing my case of cans, because it is good food. However, I do not plan on getting any more of this particular product because every can has a little something extra: bits and pieces of chitinous shell, mostly from the shrimp but also a few hard pieces now and then from the lobster. They are small pieces, which means taking small spoonfuls and not biting down hard on anything, and don't eat the last spoonful. I find six to eight pieces of this debris in each can. Like I said before, I am finishing the case, because it is food and pretty good at that. But I just don't appreciate having to be that careful with my soup.
It is ok soup, but I expected more, as I love lobster bisque and tried so many different kinds in different places. This one is very watery and I could not find any lobster there. I guess it is ok for the price, but I would NEVER buy this brand of the lobster bisque again.
This was actually a gift to my daughter (along with 3 cases of other Baxter's soups). She's of the opinion that Baxter's is absolutely the BEST canned soup on the Planet (of the soups she's tasted, which include the major American brands - she doesn't cook much). The Lobster Bisque rated just below Baxter's Scottish Smoked Salmon (which she rated the BEST EVER). (From my own perspective, and usually cooking my own food, I have to admit that the Baxter's soup line, for canned soup, is superior).
For canned soup, it hits the spot decently.  There's definitely some lobster flavor and small chunks in it.  However, the whole thing tastes a little on the fishy side.  If I was served this in a restaraunt I think I'd walk out.
I gave this product a one because zero wasn't an option.  This is like a can of generic tomato soup with some overcooked bits of fish scraps in it.  The only lobster in the soup was some shell.  It was salty, fishy, nasty and inedible.  Not only that, but 11 of the 12 cans were dented.  A complete waste of money.  Beyond disappointing.  It made me angry.
This soup is pretty good, not great! I put some heavy cream (1-2 oz) and some Tabasco in it. I have had a lot better Lobster Bisque - But at a much higher price...
Saw this soup in the supermarket and bought a can. Opened can. Heated soup. Tasted soup. Dumped soup down drain. Rinsed mouth with mouthwash. Enough said.
As someone who lives and dies by seafood I've had my fair share of lobster bisque. This stuff, while not completely horrible, needs some love before it's decent. The texture isn't quite there, not thin enough to be soup but not up to bisque level either. As for the taste, it's rather bad. A little on the bland side. As a Marylander I reached for the one thing that fixes all things seafood, Old Bay. Dumped in a liberal amount and stirred while still on the heat. The Old Bay added a nice taste that made it tolerable to eat. Doubt I'll be purchasing this brand again though.
As far as canned soups go this is ok. I was disappointed with the texture, extra unexpected bits (shell pieces) and overall quality. Having been spoiled by living in Maine for 20 years before relocating to the south, I tried different brands of canned bisque. I have come to the realization that Lobster Bisque is best when made fresh.
This is one of the worse tasting soups I've ever eaten. I hated it, and now I have a full case.  It tastes bitter to me, and my husband wouldn't even try it.  Only my cat was trying to reach it on the counter!
I advise you to do your own web search to determine how the health risk could affect you. The tomally functions as the lobster's liver and pancreas. However, even in the cold Scottish waters, dioxin and other harmful agents have been present and there are warnings for the general public. I was disappointed to discover this information, so I only ordered the mushroom and seafood flavors.
In Europe, you find a bowl of dark flaxseeds to the side of the muesli set out on a breakfast buffet. A great source of Omega-3 oil, you can improve your health by eating these tasty, nutty seeds. They are good for the gut and good for the heart.<br /><br />The golden seeds are an attractive alternative to the nut-brown seeds. They look nice in baked goods like lighter breads. They taste the same as the dark seeds. Ground, they don't show up in white bread, so you can bust some up in the blender and throw then into your standard bread recipe and add needed nutrients and fiber.<br /><br />We like them sprinkled on oatmeal, muesli or yogurt.
I've been taking flaxseeds for several years due to the health benefits. I was excited to see such a great price on these from a reputable company. These are the best tasting flaxseeds I have ever had. To get the maximum health benefits you have to finely grind them in a standard coffee grinder. We usually grind 2 tablespoons per person twice a day and then add them to lemonade, crystal light, or tea and drink it down quick before it expands. Flaxseeds are loaded with minerals, vitamins, amino acids, and fiber. They are excellent for weight loss and work well for chronic constipation. There are several web sites out there that can tout the health benefits of flaxseeds but unfortunately it's against the review guidelines to post links so I'll just suggest to those of you wanting more information to search google.
Flaxseed is a great way to get fiber in your diet and this brand delivers.  It has a mild taste (I put 3 tablespoons in my morning smoothie) and gives you 36% of your daily fiber required intake.  Flaxseed also contain Omega 3 so you also place a powerhouse of nutrients in your diet with this little seed.<br /><br />An excellent source of protein, fiber, and minerals such as magnesium and copper- how can you go wrong?
It's best to buy flaxseeds as opposed to flaxseed oil or meal because you get more omega3. Since you are grinding the seeds yourself, the released omega 3 oils are at their freshest.<br /><br />I recommend storing these flaxseeds in the freezer. You can keep them there after you open them as well. I grind 2 tablespoons in a coffee grinder and then add it to yogurt or a protein shake. Good stuff!
Bob's Red Mill Organic Golden Flaxseeds are an excellent way to ingest some Omega 3.  96 ounces are delivered in 4 packs, and if you don't use it all immediately I suggest storing the seeds in the freezer to keep them fresh.  Grind them right before you use them, and they have a mild taste -- milder than brown flaxseed. I've ordered this product several times, and the quality has been consistently high.
Good product. But remember that you need some way of grinding because apparently we can't digest whole flaxseeds.
This is funny I bought the flax seed to make  a neck warmer  I made said to use Flax seed and warm in Microwave for 2 minutes.  Bought 4 bags only needed 2 so decided to make use of the rest. Grind and put over any food the benifits are great.<br />I put mine in Yogert and Cereal. Will diffently keep useing. After this last bag will be ording again.
I enjoy this flaxseed in everything I've tried it in so far. This product has a pleasant flavor, yet doesn't over power the foods I put it in. It helps to keep my digestive track regular. I ground it in my coffee grinder and just sprinkle it on just about everything. My husband and I love it in pancakes. I enjoy it in my cereals and even on ice cream. I especially like it mixed in my yogurt. I highly recommend this product.
I ordered this flaxseed after reading how good ground flaxseed was for you.  I ordered a grinder, both were reasonably priced, and the grinding was so easily accomplished.  I have been using flaxseed daily since that time, and the claims made on the Internet have proven to be true.  The product arrived on time and in great shape--I have purchased from this vendor several times, and have not been disappointed.
I've recently started drinking green smoothies to get healthier and had read that flax seeds have terrific health benefits such as lowering your blood pressure and cholesterol. I add a tablespoon of chia seed and flax seed to my smoothies every day and since drinking my fruits and vegetables I feel better, lost some weight and have stopped having heart flutters. I'm now looking forward to having my next blood work done to see how well it has helped. Highly recommend to anyone wanting to get healthy an all natural way!
Bought this as a way to take in omega 3 nutrient. The pack of 4 has lasted me almost a  year. You have to grind up the seeds and freeze the rest. No complaints; very reasonable pricing.
We are VERY happy with these Organic Golden Flaxseeds.  We grind them and put them in so many things plus they make a great topping for yogurt and cereal in the whole seed form.  These are now a staple in our house.
I have very little to say about the product except that it is a GREAT product and their delivery subscription works very well.
Great for you! Grind them up and add a few tablespoons. Can't tell it's there in your cereal ect..
I have bought ground flax in the store, there was always a rancid aftertaste.  This is the best tasting flax I have ever had.  BUT, I have to throw it in the coffee grinder, and then pick out little rocks that are barely bigger than the seeds.  I found this out the hard way after using the seeds whole.  Nothing like working a bite trying to find where the rock you just bit is.<br /><br />After you grind, sift the powder and black stones will be evident.  I have about 1-2 per quarter cup of ground mixture.  Perhaps this is something you organic foodies are used to, I am not.<br /><br />I have only used 1 bag so far, so I cannot comment on whether or not the stones are in the others, but I highly doubt it was a fluke bag.
This brand always makes good products, since you buy bulk they turn out to be quite cheaper than in the supermarket. very clean flaxseeds. I add it to my smoothies to bath my joints with some natural raw omegas, supposedly they are better if eaten sprouted, though haven't tried it.
These Flaxseeds are of good quality, I eat them daily.  Bought the whole seed, rather than the ground seed, because of the better nutritional value of grinding your own.  Will buy again.  I read that whole seeds can pass undigested, and that ground seeds can loose their nutritional value over time.  So we grind a week's worth at a time.  Best used in oatmeal as the flavors blend well.  Or in a cold cereal, or added to a cup of coffee for a twist. Seem to blend better in hot foods.
I wasn't thrilled because I had to pick out tiny bits of gravel. The flax seeds themselves were fine, top quality. If it weren't for the gravel bits (that get through the sieve w/the seeds, I guess?), this would get 5 stars.
It's also a routine baking ingredient. I put it into my bread along with sunflower seeds and organic wheat flour. I also put it into my smoothie, stir fry dishes....anything you can think of! Good price and really, it's a must have for a healthy diet!
Looks fresh and clean; I have roasted it in the toaster oven and I also use it in food whole or ground up in the coffee grinder.
These are excellent quality flaxseeds! I just toasted them a little on a pan and even that made a great snack! I also powdered them in a coffee grinder after toasting them a little and the powder is delicious too :) Delicious + Nutritious = Awesome! :))) Planning to have it in my cereal tomorrow and maybe sprinkle some on my veggies. I think I will also try out Bob's Quinoa and Museli.
This is the 2nd order i have placed for Bob's Red Mill Organic Flaxseed. It is a good quality whole flaxseed. We grind it a little at a time and sprinkle it on cereal and in yogurt. It keeps a long time in the freezer. I have been using this flaxseed for about a year now ,eating a tablespoon about every day and have noticed that my skin is softer , plus it keeps me regular, if ya know what i mean !!! Flaxseed is also a good way to get in some of the Omega 3's, that the body needs.
It was my mistake - I thought there were 6 bags rather than 4. So the price per bag is much higher than what I pay at the local grocery for the same product.
The flax seed is packaged in separate smaller packages so that it can stay fresher longer and it was recommended by the flax cookbook I purchased.  This seed was cheaper than other brands I had checked on.  I am putting it away for any emergency that may arise.
I bought this before I realized how much I was getting and before I knew they had it at the grocery store! That was my own fault. I really should have waited. But the seeds are great, I just have way too many in my freezer!
I hope that this is really as nutritious as the claims.  I chew on this like the Romans and Greeks and it gets stuck on my molars.<br /><br />These seeds were easier going down when sprinkled on top of crab and egg fried rice.  Go figure.<br /><br />I incorporated a 1.5 cup into the regular white loaf recipe from The Breadbaker's Apprentice and found that the addition meant more warm water was needed to hydrate the dough and I did not get much of a rise, so I baked the loaf with tin foil over the loaf pan and the bread rose to its usual height.  Since white bread is not that healthy, I will include flax seed ground in my food processor to ameliorate the ill effects.
Given the recent issues with products made in China I have decided to not buy any food products from there so I won't be buying anymore of this snack.  If they ever switch to made in the U.S. I'll buy it again as I did like it.
This product is made in China.  I would not believe any claims they make regarding allergy safety and vegan/kosher.  Considering Mrs. May's markets itself as a healthy product, I was shocked when I glanced at the back and noticed this product was made in China. China has proven that we can not trust their manufacturing practices. Unsafe toys, dog food, and now we're supposed to trust them making our health food?<br /><br />Not to mention the carbon footprint created by shipping something halfway around the world. I will not buy this product anymore.
These are wonderfully crunchy and delicious. The calorie count is misleading, however! One piece is more than the 25 calories they claim it is. But it's worth it!.
If you like nuts and you're looking for a healthy, great tasting snack, you can't go wrong with Almond Crunch!  My husband and I recently eliminated high fructose corn syrup and partially hydrogenated soybean oil from our diet and we feel so much better.  Trying to find tasty snacks that don't contain these products is not easy so we were thrilled to find Mrs. Mays Naturals.  We love the Cashew Crunch as well!
I'm a little shocked that this so-called health food product is made from Chinese grown ingredients.  I'd be curious to see what the carbon footprint of each bite is.  Also keep in mind that Chinese ingredients and products have been found to have all kinds of contaminants such as lead in toys and melamine in milk and other exported food products. All the ingredients in this snack are widely available in the United States.  Why not support products and companies who source locally and consider our own economy before we sell out for a slightly cheaper price?  Your purchasing choice does make a difference.  Let's stop expecting corporations and governments to take care of our safety and economy.  They never will.  We can change the way these companies do business for the benefit of our long term health and economical well-being. Make purchase decisions wisely.
The nuts used tasted very fresh. The bite sized chunks were just right. It is lightly sweetened but not too sweet. Very satisfying = )
Ok, I can't speak for when the last review was written, which looks like 2009, but I'm looking at the back of a bag of Almond Crunch and it clearly says that the product is made in California, not China. So if that was the main deterent back then, it's no longer an issue. I just discovered this snack and as a person who can't eat either gluten, soy, or dairy, I am thrilled to find a snack I can eat first of all, and a snack I can eat that is actually tasty, even better! I've been eating these for a few days now and no adverse reactions (and I have an extremely sensitive stomach). I plan on trying out all the flavors to figure out which ones I like the best but yeah, I'd highly recommend this product to those on restricted diets and even to those who aren't.
I'm known to be nuts for nuts, and I've tried nuts from around the world, as friends bring them back for me as gifts. Very near the top of the list of the best nut snacks is Mrs. May's Almond Crunch. From the first time I tasted it, to every time I eat it now, I am amazed at the crunchiness, quality of the almonds, lightly-sweetened glaze which is very unbrittle-like, attention to healthiness in the ingredients, etc. As a side note, because of how much I was impressed by this product, I went on a tasting spree by buying about 12 different kinds of Mrs. May's products, from the peanut and cashew crunches to the various sesame crunches, etc. Perhaps I'm biased to the original, but none of the others have that same magic. I would rate the rest as 4 stars. But the almond crunch should get 6 stars.
These are fresh, crunchy, natural, and healthy snacks you can reseal and keep in the car, crumble into non-fat yogurt or over salads, or pack some in the kids lunch. Convenient and delicious.
Based on other Amazon reviews, I tried this product.  The first shipment was great; delicious.  Thought I'd found my new healthful snack. 2nd shipment was a concern and disappointment.  Even thought of calling the company; but i didn't.  Several different packages had incredibly hard pieces of ??  wasn't sure they were almonds.  Became concerned I'd chip a tooth, so I haven't ordered any more.
Delicious, healthy, plus Amazon is cheaper than if you buy them from Mrs. Mays actual website.
Love these snacks! They're a little bit sweet, loads of crunchy almonds. Am looking forward to trying the other varieties, too.
After reading some of the frothing reviews criticizing Mrs. Mays for manufacturing their product in China -- which doesn't in any way address the quality of the product itself -- I tried to confirm this for myself. The website and packaging say nothing about this, so I wrote them an email asking where their product is manufactured. Here is the response in full:<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Thank you for your purchase and inquiry. We understand your concerns because<br />food item are very personal. If you can spear a few moments to read details<br />about our quality assurance, it would be appreciated.<br /><br />Our factory in China is HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point)<br />by US agency & BRC certified UK agency. HACCP, BRC & Kosher inspect our<br />factory twice a year and each organization also performs random unannounced<br />inspection at our factory.<br /><br />Please refer to the following sites if you like to learn more about the<br />HACCP and BRC certificate.<br /><br />http://www.idfahaccp.org/<br /><br />http://www.brc.org.uk/standards/default.asp?mainsection_id=7<br /><br />In addition, all of our finished products are tested 3 times.<br /><br />These tests are:<br />Salmonella testing<br />Aflotoxin testing, and<br />Microbiological testing<br /><br />Our current customers like Costco, BJ's Wholesale and Whole Foods market<br />have very high standards on what they carry and sell to its members.  You<br />can rest assure that all of our products are safe to consume. We also do not<br />have any Melamine in our product. Our products are "dairy free" Our products<br />are also tested randomly by FDA and always passed the inspection.<br /><br />The following is additional information:<br /><br />Here are the origins of the ingredients that we use:<br /><br />Almonds  -  California<br />Walnuts  -  California<br />Cashews  -  Vietnam / Brazil (Not grown in US)<br />Cranberries -  Oregon / Canada<br />Blueberries -  Oregon / Canada<br />Pomegranate -  Oregon / Canada<br />Natural Flavors -  California<br />Sesame Seeds  -  China (Not grown in US)<br />Rice Malt  -  China<br />Cane Juice  -  US<br />Sea Salt  -  China<br /><br />Please feel free to contact us with any further questions, comments and<br />concerns. We hope we have assisted you correctly.<br /><br />Thank you.<br /><br />Kind regards,<br /><br />Julie<br />Mrs Mays<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I've read other reviews criticizing over sweatshops, Communism, and carbon footprint. To briefly address these: There has been no evidence that Mrs. Mays keeps its workers in sweatshops; despite the Communism, I'm sure the individual citizens find these jobs valuable; and ships produce 1/10th the carbon per pound-mile of trucks, meaning a 5000 miles by ship is as bad as 500 miles by truck.<br /><br />I really like the snack and I'd give it five stars, but I'm subtracting one star: I think it is deceptive that it was so hard to find out the snack was made in China. I don't have a problem with the snack's origin, but Mrs. Mays should be more forthright with their customers and let them make the decision themselves. Granted, most of us Americans are primed to flip out at the latest Scare of the Week, but that should be our choice to make.<br /><br />Oh, and the snack itself? It is quite tasty, filling, and healthy. I will continue to purchase it.
Mrs. May's should inform their customers where exactly their products are made and take a stand. I won't be buying any more of her products until further notice no matter how yummy they are. Do-no-harm and quality-control is a concept not understood in China. Totally frightening what they're getting away with.
My husband has diabetes and has to watch what he eats....this is a great and healthy treat for him!  I couldn't find it at local stores, and was happy to see it available on Amazon!
There ought to be a recovery program. But the good side is that a Mrs. Mays addiction is healthy. I already have a stack of boxes in the garage so I won't run out. And here I am stockpiling more (in case of nuclear holocaust).<br /><br />Almonds have always been my staff of life -- raw, roasted, dry roasted, blanched, flavored, and of course Mrs Mays. I rarely have a day without them. I even feed them to the parrot. A bird guy told me they were the healthiest. And the bird goes nuts for Mrs. Mays.<br /><br />These are, dare I say, miracle nuts. One taste and I was hooked. How she can pack all that goodness into such a tasty snack with such healthy ingredients is a miracle. If you're tired of tastless, bland, gotta-eat-it-because-its-healthy snacks from the nutrition store, try these for a pleasant awakening.<br /><br />Mike
We are typical Americans who know we should eat better, but often don't because "health" food is usually expensive and frankly doesn't taste that good.  That is why we are so thankful to have found Mrs. May's products!!  They are all very healthy and quite tasty, and ordering them from Amazon keeps the cost down.  My son's a golfer, and I am always looking for portable, healthy snacks for him to tuck in his golf bag.  Mrs. May's products fit the bill nicely.
My family and I love Almond Crunch, they're just sweet enough, very crunchy, and a perfect snack.
I have tryed the Almond Crunch and is delicious and healthy snack better than chips Try it you'll agree
This product is excellent. It's also a nut snack that my wife, who has celiac disease, and is allergic to wheat and glueton can enjoy. I however can eat anything and this is the tastiest and most unique nut snack I've ever tried.  Al & Virginia Weatherly  53996 Luzerne Dr. Macomb, Mi 48042
I used to like this product until I learned that it is made in China!<br /><br />How many more horror stories do we need to hear about such atrocities as lead in baby toys made in China, contaminated baby formula made in China, contaminated tooth paste made in China, and poisoned pet food before we learn that -- if it comes from China-- it should not go in your mouth, your baby's mouth, or your pet's mouth??!!!
This is by far the most delicious snack you could ever have!!  The almonds are super fresh and crunchy and the light coating of syrup is not too sweet.  My whole family loves it!!
My husband and both love almonds. I've even shared this snack with co-workers and everyone is raving about the good taste of this snack.  I'm taking a few bags on our next backpacking trip.
I used to buy these as healthy snacks at my office cafeteria and consider it better than a bag of potato chips.  These taste very crunchy and tasty.<br /><br />Given the kind of unethical food stories we read about China - we need to see some kind of assurance and facts on the processes that the manufacturer is following to make these.  You just cannot import food stuff and sell in the US as gourmet snack food - there needs to be data backing this.<br /><br />Few example of Chinese food (yuk ...):<br /><br />(1) Melamine(kind of platic) in baby food and milk (so wide spread that 80% of milk in China contained this plastic in 2008)<br /><br />(2) Honey contaminated with ciprofloxacin (antibiotic) - because of which it was banned in the US<br /><br />(3) Soy Sauce made from Human hair (not joking google it if you want)<br /><br />(4) Spurious drugs exported to African countries.<br /><br />Need some good facts and quality controls from the Manufacturers that the chinese producers are complying with some good quality controls.
The negative reviews of Mrs Mays products just because it is made in China are not really valid, cannot base on other companies' poor quality control and apply to every company in the country!  There are many bad quality foods that are made in the USA that's bad for your health, so just because it's labeled made in USA doesn't mean it is good quality.  As long as a company takes pride in their quality control and not greed for profit only deserves good ratings and fair sales.
This is a great product.  We tried it at the beach the first time and loved it.  The cashew crunch was not as good.<br />We bought a case of the almond this week.  Just great!
not real crazy but this product. They did not taste good but looked real cute in the little booties I made for the baby shower tables.
I am in love with this tea. Every other apple cinnamon tea I've tried has been too cinnamon-y. This is the perfect blend. It tastes like apple cider without all the sugar, which I love. I recommend this tea to anyone who wants a low-cal version of apple cider.
This is the perfect gift with a southwestern flair.  The jelly's were of decent size, the spreader is a nice quality piece with a small glass chili pepper attached.<br /><br />Cute little bag - great gift for the price!
I thought it was okay but not Harbanero BBQ sauce from Hell.I would probally not get it again.Also it was not worth the money I thought it was kind of a ripoff it was 10$ for barbque sauce you could have made at home.
Montebello pasta has been made at the Monastero di Montebello in Isolo del Piana, Italy since 1388. I love Italian food but have severe digestive and allergic problems, and their pasta is friendly to me, and it tastes better than any other pasta I have eaten, and that's a lot, it is one of my favorite foods.
So... I usually consider pasta to be pasta to be pasta.  It's usually all the same to me.  HOWEVER... when I tried this brand of pasta, I noticed that it does taste better.  I can't describe how exactly, but it does.  I thought maybe it was my imagination (maybe knowing it's organic was influencing my judgment) but my sister commented on it when I served it for her one day.  She wanted to know where I got it - it tasted so good.  Hmmm.  So while usually there isn't much of a taste difference when it comes to noodles and pasta, for this brand there is.  It's subtle, but it's there.  When we moved from California I discovered they didn't sell it in the stores here in NY.  So I was elated when I found Amazon carries it.  Elated over a simple pasta?  Yes, that's how good it is in comparison!  Mmmmmm Mmmmm!
Best taste pasta. Cooks very well, slightly less time than typical mass produced pasta. Nice color and mouthfeel. Just excellent.
I have long searched for a great linguine and spagetti and this is it! Just made linguine with clam sauce and each time my husband remarks how terrific it is.  I buy in packages of 5 for both spagetti and linguine and will reorder when close to being out.
Good product just a little mellow on the pumpkin pie flavor to me. A little sugar on top before you brew picks it a enough though. Overall good coffee
These are hard to find these days.  Product arrived perfect and the gum was fresh and tasty.  We kept the box for about 1 year and the last pack tasted as good as the first.
Gum made without sugar substitutes isn't easily obtained these days, so I was happy to find Chiclets through Amazon Prime.  Sugar substitutes present problems for persons sensitive to them, so it's good to have the option of gum made the old-fashioned way. Another source for this and other gum from yesteryear is Vermont Country Store online; however VCS sells the same box of Chiclets for $14.95, so clearly Amazon is a better deal.  Amazon Prime (free shipping) makes it a much better deal.<br /><br />My Great-Grandpa used to come home with Chiclets from time to time, so this gum isn't just loaded with long-lasting peppermint flavor, but long-lasting, happy memories, as well.  I guess you can say there's a lot packed into such a little piece of gum.  Hope you enjoy as much as I do.
I love drinking green tea.  It is delicious hot or cold, but being able to take it with me anywhere was key.  So I searched long and hard for an alternative to canned and bottled green tea which can be cumbersome, expensive and hard to come by in most parts of the US.  In the beginning, what I found was either too expensive, had sugar in it (which defeats the purpose of drinking green tea in the first place) or did not get very good reviews.  Then I found this product and quickly ordered it at the great price and free shipping.  I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The product works as advertised.  It dissolves quickly in cold water making it great to carry anywhere and it tastes great too.  The instructions say to use one packet for 8 ounces of water, but actually it should be used with 16 ounces of water, otherwise it can be too bitter.<br /><br />It not only saves money, but has replaced my canned green tea completely eliminating the number of cans that I need to recycle monthly.
The first part of this review is a history of my health problems and what green tea bottles and sugar had to do with me finding the stash teas products. If you do not want to read that part, skip down to the bottom, and there is the review of the stash teas, only.<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />A couple of years ago I had a physical and my doctor told me that my Triglycerides were high. I was a serious soda drinker (sometimes as many as 5 cans per day, not diet), so I decided I needed to start drinking something "healthlier." I gravitated toward Green Tea because I like it. I averaged 2-3 1/2 liter bottles per day for 2 years (I also averaged about 1-2 cans of soda per day).<br /><br />I recently had my triglycerides checked again and instead of going down THEY DOUBLED. They were over 300 (over 150 is considered high). I about had a heart attack right there. Now, I am not an overweight person, and have had a fairly high motabolism, but I have started to create a belly (I call it a Dr. Pepper belly because that is my favorite soda. I do not drink alcohol of any kind). I am telling all of this to you because ALL of my other tests came in within normal levels, including all other aspects to my cholesterol.<br /><br />I did research and found out that if you are not overweight but have weight gain around the belly area, it might be due to consumption of a lot of sugar products. The excess sugar consumed, in this case, can be turned into trigylcerides. I looked at what I was eating and drinking to see if this was the case for me. What I found shocked me. The 1/2 liter bottles of green tea has MORE sugar in it than a can of soda. I checked several different manufacturers of green tea and I found them all to have about the same amount of sugar.<br /><br />I concluded that between my morning coffee, green tea bottles and soda, I was consuming over 1,100 grams of sugar a week ( or about 4,000 callories of sugar a week just in drinks)!!<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I was looking for an alternative to the green tea bottles and found the stash tea products. I personally, do not have the time or patience to use tea bags, so I was interested in the tea powders. I ordered the lightly sweetened green tea powder and tried it. And I loved it. I then proceeded to buy the other 5 flavors of the green tea powders and love them also.<br /><br />There are 4 flavors that do not have sugar added, so I use a few drops of Stevia Glycerite to sweeten the drink. It does not take a lot.<br /><br />The best thing is that the tea powders cost about 1/2 or less than the bottled green teas I use to drink.<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />To end on a personal note, I have altered my drinking habits and now drink 1 liter of the tea powder drink and 1+ liter of water per day. I still drink 1 can of Dr. Pepper on the weekend, but that is it. I have been doing this for a little over a month now and between my altered drinking habits and the fish oil pills, I have lost about 5 lbs. and am due to get my triglycerides checked in a couple of weeks.<br /><br />I hope this helps anyone that is in a similar situation to me and realize that just because it says its healthy does not mean it is.
I like the taste of this product, but I have some suggestions:<br /><br />1) for strongest blueberry taste, use less than the 16 ounces of water that the instructions indicate (my first try came out like water with the merest hint of blueberry);<br /><br />2) stir REALLY well and be prepared for a bit of sediment anyway, as well as for an oddly green (I know it's green tea, but I rarely drink green things, so it seemed a bit weird to me at first); and<br /><br />3) if you're going to use a sweetener, why cancel out the health bennies by adding something like aspartame or Splenda or etc? I added a bit of agave nectar and found it perfect, but then I also like it without any sweetener at all (as long as I use less water).<br /><br />By the way, this makes hot tea as well, although it's marketed as iced tea powder.<br /><br />Enjoy!
I ordered this item because it was on sale and because of the health benefits of green tea.  I wasn't certain how good it was going to be but I was pleasantly surprised.  It tastes refreshing and fruity.  The flavor isn't overpowering or fake.  I mix the powder in a sports bottle along with cold water and splenda.  The powder dissolves easily and the drink has a nice green tea and blueberry taste.  I was so impressed that I have signed up for automatic delivery.  It's a great product.
If you love green tea then you will be impressed with this green tea powder. The instructions say to add one packet to 16 ounces of cold water but I'd recommend you try two packets and one packet (0.35 oz) of stevia. The flavor of the tea with only one packet is fairly mild, so mild in fact that you can barely taste the green tea flavor. When you order this tea you will get six boxes with 12 packets in each. If you use two packets per bottle of water you get 36 drinks. That is only .47 cents per drink if you get free shipping - I ordered some books too. I think that is fairly reasonable. I look forward to trying this tea in shakes and with fruit juices. A website is given for additional recipes. There are a few interesting recipes like the ones for "White Chocolate Green Tea Ice Cream," "Green Tea Papaya Nectar" and "Green Tea Sugar Cookies." You will probably find many uses for this and I've even used the tea powder to make a lovely hot tea. Just use one packet per 8 ounces of hot water. No brewing required. This tea dissolves very easily in hot or ice cold water. I can highly recommend it to you.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
lots of uses for this green tea...<br /><br />I generally like most tea (though not the over-ally flowery blends)...<br /><br />Being on more of a health kick in recent years, I have added a lot more GREEN tea to my diet in one form or another...<br />from straight brewed tea &lt;> hot or iced...<br /><br />To adding the powder to things like salad dressings, smoothies, baked goods, etc.<br /><br />I am not new to green tea....as I first started drinking it when living in Japan some 30+ years ago....<br />in the ground form known as matcha.<br />A quality product. Dissolves well.<br /><br />I like both the unsweetened and the lightly sweetened.
I expected the flavor to be more like that of "brewed" green tea. It really does taste like dried green tea leaves simply dissolved in water. Although I'm sure this is probably a good way to get a concentrated amount of antioxidants, I wouldn't order this again.
Ingredients listed: Pure cane sugar, and 100% pure powdered Japanese green tea.<br /><br />Nutrition Facts: all 0%, except Sodium (15mg) and Sugar (12g)<br /><br />Basic Instructions: add one packet to 8oz of cold water and stir or shake well to dissolve...<br /><br />My Opinion: It is too sweet for my taste, even diluted in a 16.9oz water bottle. It almost tastes like sugar water. I think the unsweetened version would be better. 5 star because it delivers what it promises.<br /><br />This is Japanese green tea. NOT Chinese green tea. There is a difference.
I KEEP THIS AT WORK AND I MIX IN MY SMOOTHIES AT HOME- LOVE IT!
This tea is not so tasty in my opinion. But one thing about opinions is that every one has one and we do not always agree.
I make a "jug" of this tea every morning and keep a glass throughout the day.  I'm delighted to find a source in the US as it was introduced to me in B.C.  It does not have the jasmine flavor which upsets my otherwise very strong tummy.
As others have said, this is REALLY MILD in flavor!  The instructions call for 1 packet per 16 oz. of water.  There are 6 packets per box.<br /><br />I decided to give it a try as I am basically lazy and wanted some (unsweetened; unlemoned) iced tea that I could make on a moment's whim.<br /><br />I started with 1 packet per 16 oz of water; then 2 packets per 16 oz of water and got SOME flavor.  Now I'm using 3 packets per 16 oz. of water.  (I placed a fairly large order so I could experiment with it AND have it throughout the fall and winter.)<br /><br />Since I'm using triple the amount of product in order to get some flavor, I will probably not order this item again.
I have been drinking green tea powder for a few years and have come to love the slightly bitter and tannic flavor of it. I decided to try the Stash brand instead of my normal Japanese brand, and it's not even in the same universe. The Stash product is just green colored powder with no flavor at all. Seriously, the Stash brand uses a maltodextrin base and it has dehydrated tea added to it. Real, authentic green tea powder is supposed to be 100% tea, with no additives!<br /><br />If you drink a lot of green tea, you will be very disappointed with the Stash product. I strongly recommend you go with a Japanese brand that contains 100% tea ONLY.<br /><br />I tried to return it to Amazon, but they don't allow grocery items to be returned!
This is good iced tea. It is hard to find locally in the Fall and Winter.
This is a quick and convenient way to drink green tea! I add lemon juice and stevia.
To get a more intense taste, I mix two packets in a 16-oz BPA-free Camelbak bottle, adding 8 oz of water and the rest ice, plus a packet of Stevia, shake well, sip, and oh so good! No-calorie sweet tea, green tea antioxidants, and I'm drinking a lot more water. I also carry packets in my purse and add to water in restaurants, saving tons of money from ordering drinks and not to mention calories. Although the Stash rep tells me there is a "negligible" amount of caffeine, the placebo effect gives me a great boost in the morning before my workout. Since I love mint, I think I've found the perfect product.
This tea is more ginger than lemon, so if you like the taste of soothing ginger, you'd like this product. I mix two packages per 16 oz BPA-free Camelbak bottle, filled with 8 oz of water and the rest ice, and a packet of stevia. Shake well, take sip, ahhh - no-calorie sweet tea, green tea antioxidant, and great for summer. I called the Stash company to find out how much caffeine was in a packet, and the rep said "negligible."<br /><br />I also buy the Stash powdered mint green tea, and I prefer the hint of mint better. Again, if you are a ginger fan, you'd really enjoy this product.
I think this is a great green tea powder.  I add this powder to a 24oz water bottle and it has a nice light taste, I prefer it unsweeted so that I may add a sweetner if needed.  Great price for the quantity and the quality of the product.
I use the powdered tea powder in my fruit smoothies.  Provides you all the health benefits of green tea.  Love the product and use both the plain and lemon ginger.
I like the mild sweet flavor of this instant tea.  I've added it to lots of different drinks like juices and energy drinks.  I have fun mixing it with things.  It blends well for me.
This is a quick & easy way to make green tea. It isn't sweet & only has the barest hint of blueberry, but it makes it easy when pressed for time in the morning. It does have more green tint to it than most teas- here's why: "Sencha green tea comes from the Kyoto region of Japan. It is made from small leaves and has a more refined taste than others forms of green tea. Additionally, the color of the tea is actually green, not yellow, like many Chinese varieties." Powdered tea is also good for cooking as well.
I went on a diet last year and was looking for something goos to drink and came across this tes!  now I can't find it anywhere... Hope Amazon keeps this product forever!
What can i say, I love iced tea. I drink a lot of it, and love the convenience of these new individual serving size packets. I am also a big fan of Stash products, or rather of all the other stash products I have tried.<br />I purchased a case of all 4 varieties,  (when i say i drink iced tea, i am not kidding) and these were all way too weak when i mixed them in my 16 ounces water bottle.<br />I finally found that i needed to dissolve 2 packets in a small bit of hot water first (if not the tea clumped on me), and than add a packet of sweetener before adding the rest of the water just to make these palatable.<br />unfortunately by doing that to this flavor, the ginger was out of control, and not in a good ginger tea sort of way.<br />Over all I am very dissatisfied with the product and will stick with the other brands that are out on the market.
I held off ordering these for a while because I was concerned I might not like the taste. I've tried some of the organic green teas and found flavor can really vary between brands. Six boxes seems like a lot to take a chance on. I really wanted something powdered to take to work though, so I gave it chance and it worked out.  To me, this product tastes great.  I am thrilled to get something unsweetened.  I wanted these to use at the office, but find I like them so much I mix them up at home too. I just wish they were a little cheaper as they go really fast.  I went from thinking 6 boxes would be a lot, to experiencing them as hardly enouugh!<br /><br />Basically, this product has a mild taste, never bitter or oily and not gritty (but it will need to be remixed if you don't drink it down quickly).  The powder does mix well, it's really a very fine powder and does not look like leaves just mashed up or anything.  It blends completely into the water, BUT it doesn't stay mixed over a long period of time.  So, if you are letting it sit in the glass about 20min or so as you sip away, it's useful to get one of those shaker bottles to keep it mixed as you go along.  That works for me, no complaints.  I am very happy with the product.  I will order again.
I was looking for an alternative green or white iced tea powder after I realized that the Lipton brands all contained sucralose, and did not come in an unsweetened version.  I found Stash tea online and decided to try it, using stevia as the sweetener.  I bought the lemon ginger flavor.<br /><br />By comparison, I think the Lipton powdered iced tea I had been used to drinking was more like sweetened and colored fruity "kool-aid" for adults.  This is different.  I am having to get used to the green tea taste, and it upset my stomach a little (when I drink hot tea, I usually drink white tea, because I like the mild taste).<br /><br />I tried using only half to a third of the packet in 16 ounces of water and that worked better.  I would probably like white tea better, but Stash doesn't make any white tea in the iced tea powder mix.  Anyway I hope to get used to the taste.  Since right now I like it watered-down, it's really a good deal as far as price.
I wanted something easy, tasty , and healthy to sub for my diet soda addiction. This did the trick. I drank it for 10 days without adding any sweetener. Once you get past the color, which is a nasty green, the tea is tasty. About a half tsp of sugar really adds to the taste. I will buy this again!
If you like the flavor of green tea and like your beverage iced you will enjoy this beverage.<br /><br />I like the taste of green tea and I also like the health benefits of green tea.  I mix this with ice water and splenda.  It is a refreshing summer beverage.  I like that it dissolves easily and is packaged in small packages.  It is convenient and easy to use.
This is just the quick iced tea fix I have been searching for.....it is perfectly balanced between the green tea and the natural, refreshing blueberry flavor. Keep in mind this is NOT sweet and sassy, like most instant tea "add to bottled water" packets. This is the real deal. If you want sweet, then order the sweet variety or add your favorite sweetener. When you add the powder, it is green....looks alittle weird, but once you can get past the looks, it's true love. I think it's delightful that I am actually consuming the entire leaf--finely ground to which it dissloves....thus making my water become murky, swamp water before my eyes!  That has to certainly be more bang for your buck for the level of antioxidants, opposed to the old brewing way.<br />  I have had a very difficult journey (until now) finding yummy, healthy (& QUICK) unsweetened flavored teas......my second favorite is the Celestial Seasonings COOL BREW bags....the blueberry green tea is also delicious, but not nearly as refined as this "top shelf" Stash.<br />I am pondering more flavors for my next order!
What can i say, I love iced tea. I drink a lot of it, and love the convenience of these new individual serving size packets. I am also a big fan of Stash products, or rather of all the other stash products I have tried.<br />I purchased a case of all 4 varieties,  (when i say i drink iced tea, i am not kidding) and these were all way too weak when i mixed them in my 16 ounces water bottle.<br />I finally found that i needed to dissolve 2 packets in a small bit of hot water first (if not the tea clumped on me), and than add a packet of sweetener before adding the rest of the water just to make these palatable.<br />Over all I am very dissatisfied with the product and will stick with the other brands that are out on the market.
Good flavor, but not real sweet.  I add a little stevia for my sweet tooth.
Drank an instant green tea from a major producer for several years. Then they changed production and began using sucralose which I don't tolerate well.<br />Tried several different teas before I found Stash's instant green tea. I like it best with a little fresh lemon lime juice. I can drink all I want--don't even need sweetener. Plus as I understand it, it's just made from dried, pulverized green tea leaves--no chemical process. Also it's very coolby I get a discount forn having it delivered by monthly subscription. Phil K.
I wanted desperately to love, or even like this drink mix, but am not having success doing so. I love mint tea but this tastes all green tea to me. It's too strong a green and too weak a mint flavor for me to enjoy it. Every once in a while I'll try to tolerate a bottle again hoping I change my taste. It's not gross and so clearly is appealing to some people.
THis ice tea, is like heaven on ice.  must try if you love lemon and giger.  Great price for the content.  You can make a pitcher with 4 bags and add some lemon and whatever your sweetner you prefer.  Great for barbeque parties or a tea with the ladies
This tea is awesome.  You have to keep stirring it if it sits too long but the taste is great.  Little prep time- keeps me going all day.
This product is great. I have been searching for an easy to use and non sweetened green tea. So many of the teas are sweetened with Splenda type sweeteners and I prefer to use Stevia. The Jackie Chan green tea appears to have been discontinued.<br /><br />I mix this product and love the taste. A little lemon and Stevia and I have the perfect evening iced tea. It provides all the benefits of green tea, and the instant convenience.<br /><br />I give it five stars
this is the best iced green tea I've ever had; the hint of blueberry is just perfect.  I add a bit of Stevia for a little more sweetness.  It would be an insult to call this "instant tea," but I carry a packet in my purse because it's better than any prepared tea I could buy when eating out.  Stash tea is always good, but this is extraordinary.
When I received the package just earlier today I was excited to try it out immediately. I'm already a loyal drinker of the Yamamotoyama Iced Green Tea Powder and wanted to give Stash a try, particularly the mint flavor (Yamamotoyama only has three flavors: original unsweetened, sweetened and raspberry). When I checked the ingredients of this product (ground Sencha tea and natural peppermint flavor) I already expected that this would be unsweetened (after all, mint is not sweet in the first place so if it said "natural", I expected it unsweetened).<br /><br />I do agree with a few people that one packet was indeed weak for a 16oz water bottle, however I could sense a bit of the mint. Maybe it would be enough for an 8oz water content, you'd need to have at least 2 or 3 packets for you to have that strong "mint" flavor.<br /><br />But the best thing about having purely ground green tea with nothing else on it (well in this case it has natural peppermint in it) is that you could use this as an ingredient for other treats, such as smoothies and even desserts. Just the other day I even added the Yamamotoyama unsweetened green tea powder on my Muesli hot cereal and it was delicious. I plan to do the same with this Stash mint green tea powder (I'm an experimenting foodie so doesn't hurt to try LOL) with my hot cereal and milk.<br /><br />You can even substitute milk instead of water. Ever tasted maccha green tea latte that you get from Starbucks and Jamba Juice before? Try it with this one. :)
I wasted a little over $15.00 because the reviews were so good.<br />This has no taste cold or hot. It states to use 16oz of cold water.<br />Well, I used just a cup and it didn't work out for me.<br />I tried adding more packets and it helped but very little.<br />I am an avid tea and coffee drinker and can only resolve<br />that the other reviewers have never had a good strong cup<br />of green tea--, or I am missing something here.<br />I do not recommend this tea.
What can i say, I love iced tea. I drink a lot of it, and love the convenience of these new individual serving size packets. I am also a big fan of Stash products, or rather of all the other stash products I have tried.<br />I purchased a case of all 4 varieties,  (when i say i drink iced tea, i am not kidding) and these were all way too weak when i mixed them in my 16 ounces water bottle.<br />I finally found that i needed to dissolve 2 packets in a small bit of hot water first (if not the tea clumped on me), and than add the rest of the water just to make these palatable. And only than were these passable...<br />Over all I am very dissatisfied with the product and will stick with the other brands that are out on the market.
What can i say, I love iced tea. I drink a lot of it, and love the convenience of these new individual serving size packets. I am also a big fan of Stash products, or rather of all the other stash products I have tried.<br />I purchased a case of all 4 varieties,  (when i say i drink iced tea, i am not kidding) and these were all way too weak when i mixed them in my 16 ounces water bottle.<br />I finally found that i needed to dissolve 2 packets in a small bit of hot water first (if not the tea clumped on me), and than add a packet of sweetener before adding the rest of the water just to make these palatable.<br />Over all I am very dissatisfied with the product and will stick with the other brands that are out on the market.
This tea is the most awful stuff I've ever put in my mouth.  It has a chemical taste.  I tried adding sugar and it didn't help. I enjoy the Arizona Pomegranate Gree Tea and would highly recomment it.
This tea has an awfully light flavor. I use this powder to make green tea lattes and green tea frappes. Very tasty. I generally shake 12 ounces cold milk, 2-3 packets of this tea powder, and 1 ounce simple syrup, then pour it over ice. Tho make the frappe, I blend the same ingredients with ice, instead of pouring it over ice. It is annoying that to make a small drink I need to use 2-3 times more than expected.
I've had quite a few sencha powders in my time.  The Stash product is one of the best-priced products out there.<br /><br />That said, what you get per packet is a bit on the light side for mixing with 16 oz of water.  I can barely taste the tea, and I'm pretty sensitive to tea flavors.  If you get this product, keep your mixes at 8 oz of water - otherwise, it's like you're drinking a flavorless algae.<br /><br />Otherwise, it's a good product at a good price.  At proper concentrations, the flavor is good, and you can't beat the health benefits of a good sencha/green tea.
I first tried these powdered green teas from Stash last summer. This spring I wanted more, but the store I got them from didn't think the vendor would be carrying any.  I was delighted to find that I could get them from Amazon. I ordered a whole bunch and look forward to having refreshing REAL FOOD drinks all summer in an easy to make form.
I finally finished my box of the Blueberry Green Tea Powder and wanted to try something new!  So glad I tried this flavor as it is now my favorite!  Just add it to a cold bottle of water, drink it as is, or add a few drops of Stevia or Agave and you are good to go.  Very refreshing!!  Will be packing this on my trip to Mexico!
lots of uses for this green tea...<br /><br />I generally like most tea (though not the over-ally flowery blends)...<br /><br />Being on more of a health kick in recent years, I have added a lot more GREEN tea to my diet in one form or another...<br />from straight brewed tea &lt;> hot or iced...<br /><br />To adding the powder to things like salad dressings, smoothies, baked goods, etc.<br /><br />I am not new to green tea....as I first started drinking it when living in Japan some 30+ years ago....<br />in the ground form known as matcha.<br />A quality product. Dissolves well.<br /><br />I like both the unsweetened and the lightly sweetened.
As a long time tea drinker, was happy to come across this iced tea mix.  It serves as my sports drink while exercising or golfing.  I find this iced tea very refreshing.  I really like the flavor and especially the low sugar content.  The plain green is my favorite followed by the raspberry.  The blueberry is good too; it's unsweetened, so I add half a packet of Truvia.
I really enjoy this tea because it's not to sweet and it's easy to use.  I carry it and my mug with me and just add hot or cold water, depending upon my mood.  I find that it gives me just the right kind of energy and it can even hold my hunger between meals. A real great thing because I watch my calories.  And of course, green tea is full of antioxidants.
This is good iced tea.  It is hard to find locally in the Fall and Winter.
I am hooked.  This is a great way to get more fluids into my day without making it seem like a chore.  This powder tastes great without any additional sweeteners.  It is just what I have been looking for.  Also try the Blueberry version.  Delicious!
Green tea is good for you, loaded with antioxidants, boosts your metabolism, yadda, yadda, yadda, but I never quite warmed up to the taste.  Until now.  The lemon and the ginger give this a very nice flavor.  And it is SO great that I can just add a packet to my water bottle and go, without the bother of brewing it.
Just the right amount of blueberry flavor, and the tea itself is not overwhelming. I love that it has no added sweeteners, and really does not need them.<br />This is a perfect way to get more water and benefit from the antioxidants in the tea as well!
I drink this delicious tea almost every day.  I have yet to find anything like it on the market.
Love this product!  It adds flavor to your water without all the nasty artificial sweetners.  Hope this product is here to stay!
Powdered green tea with lemon & ginger provides quick daily source of antioxidant ingredients desired but in higher concentration and without the bother of brewing tea bags. Simply pour in water bottle, shake and be on your way.<br /><br />Product used to be available in local health food stores but is no longer carried. Much easier and more cost effective when bought in quantity on Amazon.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0012BSMJM">Stash Premium Green Iced Tea Powder, 12-Count Packets (Pack of 6)</a> Easy to mix and refreshing with ice.
I was looking for mint green tea I could carry with me to mix up while out and about. If that's what you want, then this product is perfect. I add a little extra water, but that's just my taste. So, if you're looking for mint green tea powder . . . look no further!
This has a great rich taste. Remember this is ground whole leaf, so the tea is stronger than you may expect.  Not overly sweet and dissolves readily.  I use it during workouts mixed with ice water in a Polar bottle.
I liked the flavor and the ease to mix this tea.  I use a few packets and make a pitcher to keep in the fridge.  Very good COLD and needs NO sweetening as is lightly sweet already.  Doesn't look pretty, but DOES look like a healthy drink!  I liked it!
I purchased this item when it was on sale.  I wasn't certain if I'd like it but I've read so much about the health benefits of green tea I wanted to try it.  This is a nice, pleasant beverage. The flavor isn't too strong.  I add a packet of Splenda to make it a bit sweeter.  The powder dissolves easily in cold water.  The flavor is natural not fake.  I was impressed enough with it that I have signed up for auto-delivery.
The tea was very weak and not that good. Now I have six boxes of tea I that no one in my family likes.
LOVE this!  I dislike drinking plain water and have been looking for something easy that I could add to my s/s water bottle (gotta be good to the environment, right?)  The flavor is great, ease of convenience is wonderful and the hint of sweet is not overpowering at all.  I can drink my green tea with or without sweetener.  The only thing is if you want to drink green tea all day long, the calories WILL add up - I think each packet is 60 calories.  I drink 2 (32 oz) bottles of water a day so that would be 120 calories of sweetened drink a day.  But I will still give the product 5 stars because the product is fab.  I'd just pick something else if I'm going to pound water all day long (perhaps the blueberry green tea one which is NOT sweetened - it's excellent as well)  I'll use this for one bottle and a non-sweetened one for the other.  Best of both worlds.  Enjoy!
I used to always go to Jamba Juice for the Match green tea shots...after trying this iced green tea powder I was hooked.  This flavor is lightly sweetend and the raspberry and pomegranate flavors are just subtle enough to not mask the true flavor of the green tea.  I don't mind the funny green color...after all it's green tea.
This iced tea is terrible. This is the first Stash product that I do not enjoy. It is not iced tea. It tastes more like powdered peppermint leaves.
The first ingredient in this mix, before the tea is even listed is maltodextrin.  If you suffer from a corn allergy, please do not forget to read the label & unwittingly drink this.  I have no idea why there is more maltodextrin in this product than the main product, the tea itself.  I realize this is not a review, let alone a "helpful review", as I did not describe the taste of the product or even review the product. I couldn't review this product, if I wanted too.  I want people with a corn allergy to be advised of the ingredients in the tea.  I didn't know how else to inform folks about the ingredients except for on the page with reviews.  I could not give the product more stars, as it contains more maltodextrin, than tea itself.
i have never liked green tea but i knew it was good for me so i have been drinking it for a lot of yrs. i grew up living in the western usa and our neighbors were japanese. they were sweet and gave us tea from japan. my father enjoyed it every morning and added a tablespoon of honey and a little cream to it. he smoked all his life and died at 92. anyway, i found when at times i would quit drinking it i wouldn't feel as good as i did when drinking it. i got tired of boiling the water with the teabags and then getting everything in a container to put into the frig. i really drank a lot of it.  well, i stumbled onto a warehouse to pick up some things i had ordered and noticed this tea. i was immediately interested as you get to drink the whole tea leaf which gives you 10 times more antioxidants. wow, that was good for me so i got a couple cases and when i ran out searched the internet for stash brand. i really love it. i love that it is LIGHTLY SWEETENED, i love that i can just open a packet and throw it into my tumbler, add ice and water and be on my way. it's just right. but more then anything else i love the way it makes me feel. so much more energy and i truly believe it is helping my well being. no getting around about it i don't get sick often for sure. now i haven't tried the other brands and i feel i don't have to because i am so satisfied with this one. the price is also cheaper. i don't think you can go wrong with this choice.  perky
love the ease of having green natural tea anywhear any time . tastes great i love this stash green tea
I bought this tea as I like blueberries, and Stash is known as making good teas.  However, when I first emptied the drink mix in the water the color was an odd green (not very appetizing).  Once I mixed the powder with water, the resulting tea had no real flavor.  I feel like I wasted my money and can't get a refund.
This is one of my favorite water add-ins. I think it has a really crisp, clean taste...with a hint of grassy-ness. The tea particles tend to settle at the bottom of the bottle, if left standing for more than a few minutes, so I have to shake it up periodically. There are times when I feel like I'm drinking something that was squeezed off the blades of a lawnmower, but this seems to be based on my choice of sweetener. It tastes great when I use stevia, but when I use Sweet & Low...I get a bitter-ish grassy taste.
I bought this "flavor" and the raspberry pom and while they are consistent, it's useless.<br /><br />If you plan on making a pitcher of tea, forget it, it takes 4 packs for 64 oz and is still very, very weak in flavor, and it must be consumed in 12 hours (so they say) so you're much better off brewing your own.<br /><br />However, if you're idea is to "stash" this in your purse (for the ladies) or pocket (for men, which would be weird) it's still misses the mark. One packet does very little for flavor with 16 oz of water so you'd have to use two, and WHO drinks just 16 oz of water when out to eat or something of that nature? Also, with only 8 to 12 packets in a box (depends on flavor, who knows why?), that gives you 4 to 6, 16 oz drinks for $3. Not sure it's worth it at all, I'd rather drink lemon water when out than this.
If you plan on making a pitcher of tea, forget it, it takes 4 packs for 64 oz and is still very, very weak in flavor, and it must be consumed in 12 hours (so they say) so you're much better off brewing your own.<br /><br />However, if you're idea is to "stash" this in your purse (for the ladies) or pocket (for men, which would be weird) it's still misses the mark. One packet does very little for flavor with 16 oz of water so you'd have to use two, and WHO drinks just 16 oz of water when out to eat or something of that nature? Also, with only 8 packets in a box, that gives you 4, 16 oz drinks for $3. Not sure it's worth it at all, I'd rather drink lemon water when out than this.
If you plan on making a pitcher of tea, forget it, it takes 4 packs for 64 oz and is still very, very weak, and it must be consumed in 12 hours (so they say) so you're much better off brewing your own.<br /><br />However if you're idea is to "stash" this in your purse (for the ladies) or pocket (for men which would be weird) it's just okay.  One packet does little for flavor with 16 oz of water so you'd have to use two, and WHo drinks just 16 oz of water when out to eat or something of that nature?  Also, with only 8 packets (the raspberry pom) in a box, that gives you 4 16 oz drinks for $3.  Not sure it's worth it at all, I'd rather drink lemon water when out than this, equally as bland but free.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0012BZGHS">Stash Premium Mint Green Iced Tea Powder, 12-Count Packets (Pack of 6)</a> Light mint taste, easy to mix powdered tea, great on ice.
This was a big disappointment. There was no raspberry or pomegranate flavor to this. The color is green and not very appealing to look at. However it does work as a great antioxidant.
I wish I had read the product description better....I didn;t realize this was sweetened...I do not like the sweetened teas...now I am stuck with 2 orders of them....but the other green tea powder is great.
When I saw the mint iced tea powder on the website, I thought I would like it. But when  I received it and tried one, I was very disappointed. It was the green tea and not sweet at all. The flavor was nothing at all like an iced tea like I was expecting. I had to add sugar to it to get a flavor that I like to be similar to regular iced tea. I don't even know if I'll be using the others I had received. Sorry about this, but you did ask for my review on this.
What a lovely tea this is! The rose petals are abundant in the mix, and when you brew a pot of tea and then raise the cup to your lips, the full, sweet scent of roses greets you! This tea is perfectly blended and balanced! Its color is coppery-golden, very warm and luscious. I just want to drink it every day, for relaxation and sheer enjoyment!
Upon opening the sealed bag, I was struck by an unpleasant scent.  Looking at the ingredients I saw, in addition to the black tea and rosebuds, a "natural flavor" additive.  I believe this additive is the culprit to ruining what should have been a delightful bouquet to my nose.  Then I brewed this tea, and could still taste that additive, but overall the tea was tasty.  I hope the Davidson family reads our reviews because I am certain that, if they would just refrain from adding the "natural flavor," I and others would find this tea to be superb, and in keeping with the other teas I have come to enjoy from Davidson's.  For example, upon opening their Darjeeling loose tea, as well as their Assam loose tea, my nose is struck with a lovely bouquet ~ this is what one wants to experience from superb teas.  I will look forward to Davidson's responding to my (and other customer's) suggestion re: this nasty flavor additive.  I've enjoyed tea with rose petals while in India, and they did not put anything other than the tea and the dried rose petals.
This tea was horrible.  It tasted like potpourri.  I have really enjoyed other Davidson's teas,many also containing flowers, and thought to try something new.  I think the last ingredient is where things went bad.  It was "natural flavor"  which must have been rose oil or something since my tea chemical taste and making a weaker tea did not help at all.
When I ordered this tea, I was so excited because I thought I had finally found the equal to another brand's rose tea (in individual bags). I was excited for the loose quality of the tea, along with the anticipated light delicate taste I'd hoped for.<br />I was sadly mistaken... When I excitedly opened it, I was hit by a very sweet, syrupy, cotton-candy-like smell coming from the bag. Not a good scent. Then, I thought 'the smell doesn't determine the taste' so I steeped the recommended tablespoons for the amount of time indicated and then tried a taste. The overpowering sweet smell gave was to a bitter taste, not at all reminiscent of my previous experience with rose tea. Unfortunately, I had to pour the rest of mine out.<br />I have a bag of Hibiscus tea coming in the mail soon from this company. I'm really hoping it's better!
This is my first exposure to rose tea. I purchased it because of the previous review. I have to concur. This tea is delightful. The aroma is fantastic and makes you believe you are in the midst of a blooming rose garden. It is a perfect tea to sip in the winter months as it fills your senses with the scents of summer. I bet it would be refreshing as an iced tea with a sprig of fresh mint. Too cold to try that now, but once the snow melts, I will! Great product for the price!
WOW!  I am a PEPSI-holic and was gaining weight as you can imagine. A little 85 year old woman introduced me to your tea HOT.  AND now with just A LITTLE bit of honey and ice I have a nice cool refreshing drink!!
I am pleased the bag is so large; it means I'll be sipping this tea for a while.  This tea is perfect for the start of the work day:  the rose and hibiscus liven my senses; the caffeine pushes me to type a bit faster as I climb over a hillock of e-mails.  The flavors are a bit more pungent than similar blends I've mixed on my own (is the cause the mysterious "natural flavor" another reviewer pointed out?), but it is still quite pleasant.  I certainly look forward to many more mornings begun over several cups of rose congou.
The fragrance of the tea totally blew me away. Recommend it to anyone who enjoys mild green tea with a pleasant rosey scent.
I am enjoying this tea and the price was reasonable.  I don't think the rose flavor is as pronounced as my favorite rose tea, but since I can not get that one at this time, I ordered this one, and it is very good.
I bought this tea many months ago and waited to review it, to see if I really liked it over time.<br /><br />I do.  This tea is really lovely.  The rose scent and taste are just right -- not too lame, not too overwhelming.  I find it slightly calming, even with the caffeine from the black tea.  Of the 6 or so loose teas in my drawer that I regularly use, this is the one I seem to reach for most often.  I'm diligent about brewing times.  This one is 5 min. and I set the timer.  Gives me a perfect cup every time.<br /><br />Don't forget that it's organic.  Support organic practices and do something beneficial for your body.<br /><br />This tea was a good buy and has withstood the test of time (for me).
Good beans.  I can't find these in the grocery stores where I live, but ordered them through this retailer with no problems.
Adzuki ( or Azuki) beans are ment to be used in asian sweets. You can make sweet bean paste by boiling the beans for 30-40 min, (changing the water out at least twice) draining and mashing the beans with sugar.(strain the paste if you do not like the bean skins)  What you get is a paste that can be put on ice cream, fill pasteries or stuff into Mochi Cakes.
their not only good for you but their yummy.they smell like cloves when their cooking and taste  a little sweet.
Good stuff - like lentils you don't need to soak these.  They are small so feel good in the mouth.
I really like this flavoring. I try to stay away from sugar and artificial sweeteners so this was perfect because it contains absolutely no sweetener so I can add my own (mostly liquid stevia).  I also love vanilla flavoring in many things I make so I sometimes use this in place of extract which can be pricey if you use it a lot. For example, I make my own almond milk so I like to add vanilla to sweeten and lighten the taste. This works better than an extract because there is no alcohol taste. I also make blueberry syrup with agave and this flavoring and it turns out very good. I put it in pancake batter and the flavor still holds after cooking (also with cookies). I use this all the time and now I am not dropping $10 every couple of weeks for vanilla extract.
I wanted to love this but I just didn't. Despite being sugar free it has 15 calories per pump and in my opinion needs three pumps to add enough flavor to my iced vanilla lattes. If your going for calorie count this isn't favorable. I would however say if you think other brands are a bit too sweet or if calorie count isn't overly important you should give it a go, it may be just what you were looking for! As a side note if calorie count is unimportant I recommend their coconut cream flavor<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005ZU3JJ4">Amoretti Premium Coconut Cream Syrup (750mL)</a>, its delicious!
We purchased from the original website 8 flavored sugars all but the raspberry was worth the money the rest had little or no flavor at all! It was expensive and not worth the money.
We've been eating this delightful cereal for several years.  My kids always feel better on gluten free foods and so do I.  Unlike the popular junky cereals, this version of a slightly chocolately cereal is light and not too sugary and it's a special treat for the kids.  I also like supporting Envirokids products - the pricing has come down to where it's nearly the same as the other mainstream cereals that are not as good for you.
We received this as a gift, along with some homemade graham crackers.  My husband and I have become addicted to it.  If you love things like lemon meringue pie, you will adore this luscious,lemony spread on grahams, pound cake, etc.  Just a thin layer of this delicious confection enlivens your taste buds with an explosion of flavor.  I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a very special treat.
I have never tasted any better! Need to keep refrigerated or it will lose color and flavor but is worth the price.
Mixed with whipped cream and blueberries this lemon curd is a delicious, easy, quick summertime dessert that will delight any guests.
The popcorn itself is yummy, just be warned that we had trouble popping it using our air popper.  The kernels were too light and would blow out of the popper before they were popped.  It's great in the microwave or a pan, but maybe the larger white or yellow would be a better match for an air popper.
I won't claim to be a professional food taster ... I just know what I like and don't like.  I don't like "yellow" popcorn, I don't like microwave popcorn, I like the "white" popcorn cooked in a pan.  For my "popping style" the Baby White pops great w/o lots of hard kernels.  'nuf said.
This is really good. Tender, a little sweet. Easy to make in the Whirley Pop, and excellent with some Cheddar & Spice popcorn seasoning!
I was a little concerned to buy the popcorn, as you never know what you are going to get.  But I did and I am glad I did.  The popcorn is nice and tender, pops easy, great taste and hull-less.  I have moved from the microwave popcorns and glad I did because of this product.  I like the fact the the popped corn is small but great!
I love the popcorn, but the shipping costs are INSANE!! A total rip off. Wabash Valley Farms or Amazon or whoever is charging the shipping is out of their mind. 5 Stars for the popcorn. Minus 4 stars for the terrible cost associated with shipping. Argh...Yes, the popcorn is tender and luscious, and it melts in your mouth like you're eating cooked grasshoppers, but come on!!! Can't you ship this product for less?<br /><br />Shipping the 6 pound bag is even worse. *sigh* Too bad really.
We like the much harder to find "white" popcorn over the more common "yellow" popcorn and Amish Country Baby White is our absolute favorite.  We usually order 3 of the 6 lb bags 'cause we go thru it so quickly.
I love this popcorn. Only downside is the shipping and packing. Cost almost as much as the popcorn. Need to pack it better. Bag split and a bunch of loose popcorn falling out of the box when the guy brought it to my door.
I purchased the baby white by accident.  We usually get the medium white, which is great.  The baby is so small when popped that the taste and texture of the hull shell really overwhelm it.
Tasty, small kernel popcorn. However, too small and too light to be popped in a hot air popcorn popper. The kernels are blown out of the popper before they are popped.
The gourmet corn is smaller kernels than I like so would probably not buy it again.  But with their special oil and the Stir Crazy Popper every kernel pops every time.<br /><br />I will probably return to good old Jolly Time.
This is the best popcorn i have ever ate. I use a Whirley Popper to pop my popcorn. When you eat this baby white hulless you will never go back to any other popcorn. I gave my Orville Redenbacher's  and Walmart popcorn away..To many husks. You just can't beat this popcorn. It tastes sooooo good even my puppy loves it.
I first had this popcorn at my 84 year old cousin's home. I thought it was so tender and delicious, and I wanted to buy some for myself. I found it on Amazon.com believe it or not!!!  Anyway, I ordered 6 pounds of it. All 6 pounds are now gone. This popcorn is REALLY good. It is different than other popcorns I have eaten because the kernels are small and very delicate. I consider myself a pro when it comes to popcorn because I have eaten it every night since I was a little girl. I usually eat my popcorn 1 kernel at a time, but since the kernels are so small, I ate it by the handful. My only complaint is that it does cost a lot to have it shipped. I wish I could find it locally so I would not have to pay for the shipping costs. If you like popcorn, I highly recommend it.
OVER THE YEARS I HAVE BOUGHT A LOT OF POPCORN FOR POPPING AND I HAVE FOUND THIS SMALL BABY WHITE HULLESS TO BE THE BEST FOR POPPING AND NOT A LOT OF THE SO-CALLED OLD-MAIDS I ALSO HAD TO RETIRE MY 20 PLUS YEAR OLD WABASH VALLEY FARMS STOVETOP POPPER IT WAS A GOOD ONE SO IF YOU LIKE POPCORN AND WHO DOESN'T THIS POPCORN AND POPPER COMBINATION IS THE BEST AND THE POPPER COMES WITH A 25 YEAR WARRANTY AS WELL MONEY WELL SPENT YOU WILL NOT DISSAPOINTED WITH EITHER OF THEM SO ENJOY
This is the best popcorn I have ever had.  As a kid I ran the popcorn machine in a theater so I feel I know what I'm talking about.  We used yellow popcorn but I still think white is best.
Baby white popcorn from Wabash Farms pops nicely, has no meanacing hulls to get into your teeth, and is very tasty. What more could you ask from a popcorn? I highly recommend this product. At least a four star.
The small, white popcorn is the best!  Very delicious - and I've tried lots.
This was the sweetest, smallest, hulless, best tasting white popcorn I have ever had.  Just placed an additional order for a 6 lb. bag as well as other varities carried by this company.
Great popcorn!! Good popping results and wonderful flavor.  Can't help but love it and I will re-order when I run out.  Recommend to one and all
I love little white kernels of popped corn.  This was good stuff, but I think I'll try a larger white kernel to pop next time, my preference.
Pops great in the microwave.  Much better than many store brands.  Good product.
I was disappointed.  I thought being Amish and according to the advertising that it would be exceptional.  But it's just popcorn, no better than others I've purchased.  So, so. I would not buy it again.
My doctor told me I must eat "hulless" popcorn if I have popcorn at all.  Because I can't give up my favorite snack, I bought this Wabash Famnily Farms Amish Country popcorn.  The kernels are tiny, but they pop well, although not as big and fluffy as the popcorn I get from the grocery store.  It tastes great, however, and has fewer and smaller hulls.  I don't think there is such a thing as completely hulless,but Ido notice thst I don't get the hulls stuck in my teeth anymore.
I ordered 3 6lb bags with free shipping because of the reviews. I really like it but the real test was my wife's opinion and we also ordered 4 and 1/2 lbs of popcorn from the Boulder popcorn co and the kernels were a little smaller and tasted better. We use coconut oil and it has very good flavor even without butter. I really like the Cambria's Cream kernels the best
I just made some in my Whirley Pop.  It really is lighter and crisper than the larger, yellow kernels.  None of those large hulls either.  The only difference is, it pops up much smaller than the yellow, so you need to almost double the amount of kernels used per pot.  Lovely homemade popcorn.
Use olive oil to cook this, salt it well, and it is the best, most tender popcorn I have ever eaten. I add a tiny bit of butter to mine, but don't need it. My nine year old daughter didn't like popcorn until she reluctantly tried this. After a few bites, she consumed half the bowl!<br /><br />I bought mine at a specialty popcorn shop in Long Grove IL, so I didn't have to pay shipping costs, but when it's gone, I might have to bite the bullet and order it from here.
Wish I would have read the reviews that discuss the product's performance in hot air poppers.  The PC is very tasty and light with no residual kernel shells that get stuck in your teeth...4 stars.<br /><br />Problem with using it in hot air poppers is that the kernels are too light and fly out of the machine before they pop.  Tilting the machine helps keep them inside, but it would be simpler just to find another larger kernel corn.
We've enjoyed this popcorn every bit as much if not more than the Movie Theater Popcorn.  It's light and fluffy - tender - and delicious.  I think we enjoy it a bit more because we know there is no "palm" oil or coconut oil in it - we can control what oils we add or leave out.  It works well with the popper - in fact just last night we had a popper full of this corn and followed it with the other because we had purchased so much of the other - we enjoyed this more.
Popcorn has grear color (white)  But taste is average and due to shipping costing more then product, I would not buy again.
I bought the Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper several months ago, which (of course) the Wabash Valley popcorn came recommended (same company). I thought...what the heck; I've always wondered how "gourmet" popcorn differed from Orville or other everyday popcorn brands.<br /><br />Let me tell you...IT IS WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY! I can really taste the difference in quality. AND, "normal" popcorn just doesn't taste right when you make it in the Whirley-Pop.<br /><br />This popcorn is so tender and tasty. It was a little weird to see and eat at first because it's about half the size of regular popcorn. But, I believe this characteristic is essential in helping the seasonings completely coat the corn.<br /><br />My favorite prep methods include using the Whirley-Pop and Nutiva Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil (see my review for that for more details!) I add a little peanut oil, sea salt, black pepper, and a good amount of Vegaline Garlic Mist Cooking & Seasoning Spray. YUMMY!!!!<br /><br />I've tried the other Amish Country popcorn, and they're all good. This is my favorite, though!
This popcorn is really great!  We enjoy the taste and the smallness of the actual popcorn.  Its not like the popcorn that is big and fluffy its small and really great to eat.  I eat only this popcorn now and order every three months. Highly recommend to the popcorn lovers of the world.
I bought a bowl to pop the corn in along with this popcorn. And put two handsful in the bowl and set the microwave on Popcorn. But it needed more popping for all to pop, in fact almost twice as much time. But the results are great.<br />Today we will get the seasoning I bought for it and look forward to using it to have a woderful snack while watching TV.
This is  terrible popcorn! No taste, poor popping ratio. and the size OMG! I popped this Gourmet popping corn in front of a party, everyone busted out in laughter!
Do not spend your money on this product as you will find the popping ratio extremely poor. One cup of popcorn will have 1/2 cup of  un poped (old Mades) kernels left over which is unacceptable.This is a non returnable item so if you buy this one you are just out of luck, so I recommend staying away from this one.
This is my first time trying Wabash Valley Farms Amish Country Baby White.<br /><br />Pros: It's okay with a nice mild nutty flavor. The hulls are more pronounced than with some other Amish "Baby White."<br /><br />Cons: It tends not to briskly pop up. In fact, we've burned several pans because popping it is tricky. We found that the microwave often works better than pan popping. And as mentioned above, the hulls are much more noticeable than with other Amish "Baby White" brands.<br /><br />We purchased these 6 bags and we'll use them up but won't be ordering any more. Next time we'll drive the long distance to our nearest Amish store.
If you like your popped corn small this is for you. Taste is good and it is crisp yet tender. The only real complaint is it has a disproportional amount of hull.
popcorn is very good.  cant believe the difference between this popcorn and the regular stuff at the story. a very good purchase.
Bought 6lbs of this popcorn based on reviews that the hulls are softer on this Baby White than on regular popcorn.  Not only are the hulls just as tough as regular popcorn, the corn pops up so tiny that it's about 1/3 hull, 2/3 popped corn per kernel! I was hoping to use this as a healthy snack for my kids who love popcorn but not the hulls.<br />I popped this using every tip I could find on the internet; all experiments still resulted in a tough hull.
Received the "Baby Yellow" instead of the correct "Baby White" kernels. Unable to return the product since it's a grocery item, but Amazon.com customer service did an excellent job and provided a full refund. As far as can tell, no other issues with product.
I liked the idea of the small popcorn.  It pops up really well in the popper but it doesn't have much if any "popcorn" flavor.  Was pretty bummed by that.
I used to grow the Japanese hulless in small quantities for my stovetop popper. This is the closest I can find. If you are appalled by the shipping cost, like I was, try looking elsewhere for a better deal. For instance, one popular site offers 6 lbs for $11.95 with FREE shipping if you sign up for repeating shipments (which you can cancel any time). Try www.c**king.com.
I have made this my popcorn of choice.  I enjoy the flavor and kernal size.
Get it, Get it, Get it! This popcorn is truly the most tender, delicious popcorn I have ever tasted.
Got three different Amish popcorn's for my daughter's Birthday..she is always on a diet, I got her the hot air popper same time...she & my grandson..( he's 4) loved it..she ate a bowl every night &  still lost 15 lbs !! not saying it's a diet food, just satisfiing !!
I bought this popcorn as a gift for some dear friends. The have commented back several times that it's the best popcorn they have ever had. They love it!  They had shopped in the DC metro area to find white popcorn and could never find it so one look on Amazon was all it took to find this -- the best popcorn ever!!
I bought this for my daughter's new microwave popcorn popper as a Christmas gift, and she says that it is delicious, but pops up smaller than other popcorn.  She likes it a lot.
This is very high qulity pop corn, I recomend it.  Almost all kernels pop and they are a crisp white when they pop.  Very healthy and yummy!
Pops fully, few spare kernels with the traditional stovetop method.  Small, fluffy kernels, not a lot of 'misfires' that are only partially evolved.  My wife says they're a tad too small for her taste, but the kids and I really love this popcorn.
This popcorn brings me back to days before the microwave version. What a treat it was to savor the taste and lightly salted lily white popcorn that was popped over the heat of a stove burner again.
I love this brand,  all kernels pop and they are a nice size, texture and flavor.
I have not eaten this popcorn or tasted it myself, it was part of a gift for my daughter in Grad School.  She likes the fluffy quality of the popped corn and the not so many hulls - also the big bag makes her think she can make it last until Christmas ( that remains to be seen) without having to buy more.  A very good snack for a poor Grad Student
I'm a huge popcorn fan and have tried all sorts, and the Amish Country brand popcorn is the best I've ever eaten.  Absolutely delicious!
There are very seldom any unpopped kernels, which is nice and the flavor is wonderful. Not a whole lot to say about popcorn. I always buy from you guys and will continue to.
I love white corn, in all its forms, including popcorn. And I hate how outrageously expensive the kernels are in the supermarket, so I love this popcorn.
I enjoy it practically every evening, it is very good popcorn, not as much hulls and small when popped.
This popcorn is much smaller than your average popcorn, and it is virtually hulless.  That is exactly what I was looking for in a popcorn because my 3 year old LOVES popcorn.  With 3 year old children, you have to be concerned with the hulls causing choking or hurting their tender gums.  My son has no trouble eating this popcorn.  It is soft and light, doesn't get stuck in your teeth nearly as much, and has a great flavor.<br /><br />This is now my popcorn of choice for our whole family.  I usually pop it in my 10 year old cheap hot air popper with no problems.  I get very few unpopped kernels. Another reviewer stated that it flies out before popping, but I have not experienced this problem (it could depend on the popper, I suppose).  I have tried microwaving it in a paper bag, but I always seem to end up burning it.  I think it takes a little more trial and error for microwaving to get the time just right, so I just stick with my hot air popper. I get great popcorn every time!
I am so surprised that they have this popcorn for sale.  I received 6 bags the other day and the special popcorn pan from Wabash Valley Farms Amish Country ....GOURMET ... well.. the popped kernels are the size of a pea and with hulls.  It burns very easily.  There are too many old maids due to the delicate nature of the kernel.  I ended up throwing most of the popped corn away.  I am so disappointed in this product.  I now have 5.75 bags of this stuff ... I have nothing good to say about it ... but if you like tiny popped corn with lots of hulls then this may be your product.  I am giving mine to the squirrels.
I bought this with the whirly pop popcorn popper, and I made some as soon as I got them. It is the best popcorn I've had. I thought I would mind the smaller kernel size, but I didn't. There is substantially less hull than regular popcorn. The flavor is great. I suggest using peanut oil for popping popcorn. It gives popcorn a great nutty taste - really delicious. You can buy peanut oil at any oriental (Asian) store. It's better than olive oil (olive oil and popcorn is too weird for me). But peanut oil is perfect. You won't need butter flavor or anything like that again (artificial butter flavorings are full of chemicals). Now, we pop around three times a day and always crave this for a snack instead of junkfood. Try it and you'll be popping like us.
the baby white popcorn has lots of hulls when popped, very small kernels and scorched the bottom of my new whirley popper. I've had several poppers and this is the first time one has scorched and the first time I've used the Wabash corn. shipping charges were very high for a relatively inexpensive corn.
This popcorn has alot of hulls I order 4 bags and can't stand to eat it it's so hully - terrible
The Popcorn was delivered as promised in an attractive wrapper. I used the Whirley Pop popcorn maker and used 2 tablespoons of olive oil and popped it according to the instructions of the whirley popper. While the majority of the kernels popped, there was also a large amount of 'seeds' or residue that can get caught in your teeth and are somewhat distracting while you're eating. I actually got better results using Orville Redenbacher White Popcorn Kernels in the Whirley Popper (and it was actually cheaper at the local market). Overall I give Amish Country 3 out of 5 stars and mostly for the presentation of the package than for the yield results.
I ordered this because Amazon recommended it to go along with the Redenbacker popcorn popper I got from them. Hey, only a few of these actually pop! Most of these small, unpopped kernels get thrown out of the popper. What an absolute waste of money!
This is good popcorn, but it is very small so you need to make twice as much as you normally would.
worst popcorn ive ever bought.  chewy not fluffy.  gave it to the birds for bird food.  postage was outrageous!  just not a good experience all around.  wont be buying from them ever again.
This is delicious popcorn -- lost a star because I use a hot air popper and many of them  "jump" out before popping.  Great flavor, great texture - tender.  I do not add anything even though I have purchased three different flavored toppings.<br /><br />Thanks,
This "Baby White" popcorn pops small and somewhat hard.  I have tried several batches with various adjustments of heat, using a "whirlypop" popcorn popper.  Unsatisfactory results!  I won't purchase this again.
wE LOVED THIS POPCORN  BUT COME ON  SHIPPING IS WAY OVER THE TOP  WE WOULD SETTLE NEXT TIME FOR SOMETHING WE CAN BUY BUT NOT SPEND 3 TIMES ON SHIPPING
I can only go as low as 1 star on the review, though I'd like to rate it a "0"- this item still shows in stock, but clearly isn't, which is why my order was canceled from Amazon today. Amazon suggested I search out the item again, and in doing so I see that this same vendor states the item is available. Not so.<br /><br />Technically this review does not relate to the quality of the product, just the ability to be able to ship it. Good luck!
Got this for like $10 on a warehouse deal. It was a bargain! I received them in early May and the label says best before June. At a rate of one can per 2-3 days, I don't think I'll have a problem finishing them off before June. (I know, I have a sweet tooth). All 4 cans had some dents on them but the condition of the gulab jamun inside was good. They were just as described - soft cheese balls (about 20 per can) in a sugar syrup with just a hint of cardamom. Warm it up a before eating for the maximum flavor and texture.
Why is this $[...] when the same product is available for $[...] here?<br />http://www.amazon.com/VICTOR-FLY-MAGNET-BAIT-REFILL/dp/B00004RBDY<br /><br />The Victor M380 and M502 traps are unreal, of course -- total fly genocide. Pretty stinky, but only right nearby.
We have used the Victor fly bait for 3 seasons.  Can't beat it.  Great product!
Bar Harbor clam chowder is absolutely fantastic!<br /><br />1. I am not usually a fan of soup out of the can.<br />2. I am really picky about my clam chowder.<br /><br />That said, I get this stuff in bulk.  There are several reasons for this, the first of which is the great flavor of clams and potatoes.  Second, I like the fact that the ingredients are all natural and, third, that one can adjust the level of creaminess and viscosity with what one adds to the soup (I like to use a mixture of milk and cream).  The fourth plus is that this soup contains neither bacon nor excessive amounts of spice or pepper - two things that ruin clam chowder for me.  I know bacon is popular with a lot of folks but I really just want to taste the clams when I have a bowl of New England clam chowder.  If you're like me in that respect, then I think you will like this soup too!<br /><br />p.s. As a child, I was a fan of Friendly's clam chowder (before they changed their recipe).  Bar Harbor is even better!
I've definitely had a stigma against canned anything (and still do). Picked this up at the supermarket, drawn by the all natural ingredients (for once no MSG or really anything else I didn't recognize). It's really quite good, and especially so for coming out of a can. I can have excellent clam chowder -- and with a little milk and butter, exactly to my liking -- warm within minutes. One of the few canned goods I keep in my cabinet, and one of the most convenient and surprisingly satisfying meals always 5 minutes away.<br />Highly recommended.
I've just prepared my first can of this soup.  It tasted incredibly bland, and didn't have much clam flavor.  So then I added more milk, butter, onions, salt and fresh ground pepper, plus white wine.  For 2.92 per 15 oz. can, all of those ingredients should have been adequately added in there already, except for the pepper. Bar Harbor brand certainly didn't stint on the other ingredients in order to increase the amount of clams, that's for sure.  There were larger pieces of clams than in Progresso's - but that's damning with faint praise.  Next time I'll buy the clams and make my own, for less, probably.  I'm just perplexed by these reviews;  I think I can safely say Progresso's tastes better.  And, of course, it's much less expensive.
This is our preferred clam chowder . We like the natural taste with lots of potatoes. The only complaint is I think the soup can be creamier. Amazon has much better price on this with subscribe and save.
I'm a little perplexed by all the great reviews.  This was the most bland chowder I've ever had.  I prepared it with just milk and a little butter, and it tasted like nothing!  Added some salt and white pepper, still nothing.  Added some black pepper and Provence herbs, now it tastes like herbed potato soup.<br /><br />On the plus side the clams were nice big chunks and the potatoes were tender.  The consistency was pretty good too.  It just had no flavor.  Not going to be buying this again, certainly not when it's this expensive, too.
It's not as good as I hoped, but canned chowder never is. I added some butter, a can of chopped clams, and some milk - then thickened it a bit. It works great as a base, but not for me straight out of the can.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000J2DQ46">Bar Harbor All Natural New England Clam Chowder, 15-Ounce Cans (Pack of 6)</a>Using only four ingredients, prepared or fresh pizza dough, your favorite pizza cheese blend, cooked, crumbled bacon and a 15 oz. can of Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder, you can be the star chef at your next family gathering, tailgate party or any event where people love pizza!  President & CEO of Bar Harbor Foods, Mike Cote, prepared lots of this fabulous new pizza at a demo at Metropolitan Markets in Seattle this summer. People liked it so much, the store sold out of all the ingredients during the demo!<br /><br />Easy to Make Instructions:<br />Preheat oven to 450.<br />Spread Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder right from the can onto the pizza dough.<br />Sprinkle pizza cheese to your desired coverage.<br />Sprinkle cooked, crumbled/chopped bacon to your desired coverage (we like lots of bacon!)<br />Bake pizza for 12-15 minutes until bottom of crust is golden brown.<br />Remove from oven and let set for 5 minutes before cutting.<br />Prepare to be amazed!<br /><br />Please follow Bar Harbor Foods for delicious recipes using our great Chowders, Bisques, Seafood Sauces, Fish and Seafood Stocks and Clam Juice.<br />Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Simply login to each and find us with "Bar Harbor Foods".<br /><br />We hope you enjoy - let us know what you think!<br />~ Bar Harbor Foods
I've had better canned clam chowder.  Bookbinders is one that comes to mind.  I don't buy the ones with preservatives or a long list of ingredients, so my choice is limited.  For this one, if I add just half a can of milk and a pat of butter, along with some extra sea salt, it's ok.  The longer it is gently heated -- not simmered or boiled -- to let the flavors mingle, the better it becomes.  More clams and potatoes would improve it.  As it is, the ingredients were skimpy.
This is the best clam chowder ever. Come originally where this is produced and was so happy when I found it on line. Keep this in my cupboard at all time. Being an old Maine girl this is my favorite chowder of all times.
The best canned clam chowder I've found currently available.  Very light, nicely seasoned, creamy taste.  Not fishy or oniony.  Good amount of minced clams per serving.  To find better chowder, it would have to be homemade.
Bits of "Clam?" (not sure) in water with something I assume is potatoes. Whose recipe is this? save your money get something worth having. How do so many like this?! It's awful! If you prefer REAL Clam Chowder and not seawater with something floating in it DO NOT buy this!
This is clearly the best canned clam chowder I have tasted. It is refreshing to have a canned soup without all the unnecessary preservatives and artificial flavoring. The can is supposed to be "Condensed", but if you like a hearty thick soup, it is better just heated without adding milk or water. The clams are perfect, and not over cooked. I will order again, and look forward to trying out some of the other products they have on Amazon.
My local store had the product lineon close-out at 77 cents a can so I bought a dozen cans of different verities. Lobster soup was very fishy for starters and the Manhattan chowder was very watered down.  The New England chowder is somehow creamy and void of flavor.  The Clam corn chowder was not enjoyable.<br /><br />  I am real soup eater and take soup at least once a day and always when I dine out.  Long story short... This is the most tasteless soup and just not good.  I suggest you pass on this and I am sure Cambells will be a much better choice than these soups... Sorry, I had leave an unfavorable review bit this soup is just not worth eating and 77 cents a can I would never buy this again
I expected better from a premium Maine chowder. This is no better than, say, Snow's, which you can get for less than half the price. Not bad, but not worth the money.
We opened a can of Bar Harbor clam chowder and could not believe how few clams were in the chowder.  There were mostly potatoes.
I used to be a buyer at a natural/organic grocery.  This is the best soup I have ever had in a can.  I am very picky about my clam chowder soup as my favorite is The Ritz Carlton's clam chowder.  Just add butter, milk/cream, and black pepper.  Have some fresh corn bread and butter and you are in heaven.
For canned soup this is very good clam chowder.  Those who give it 1 or 2 stars are comparing it to homemade soup or restaurant style soup.  I would buy this any day over other brands.  You can tell it is all natural and without loaded msg, salt and other nasty ingredients.  Pure and clean soup.  Those who rate it badly, some say it has no flavor or there aren't chunks in it.  The flavor is mild, but that is good- not overwhelmingly clammy and not over salted like conventional brand canned soup.  If I want to, next time I will add a potato cut up in chunks to boost it's contents- not a big deal to do.  I would prefer to do that than buy a conventional brand that doesn't care about healthy ingredients and sourcing of ingredients.  I will buy this again- good source of iron as well.
Even though the chowder is very very good as is - I add a can of the Bar Harbor Chopped Clams to it - along with a can of heavy cream and a huge pat of 'budda' ....<br /><br />yummy ...
Tried this yesterday as a "treat" on a cold, rainy fall night.  It had an unpleasant, grainy and somewhat watery texture.  The clams were actually sandy and gritty and the potatoes were kind of chalky, for lack of a better term.  The flavor was also very lacking...it didn't really taste like, well, anything.  Definitely not worth the price.  I can only imagine the people who wrote the good reviews either work for Bar Harbor or have never tried any other kind of clam chowder.
We had high expectations for this product but the chowder was only average.  Warming instructions are vague as to the amount of milk and/or butter to blend in with the soup mix. We found the flavor to be bland and one dimensional, even with as little as 1/2 cup of added whole milk.<br /><br />The package of six cans contained three dented cans.  Two of them were severely dinged on the seamlines and had to be tossed.  For this reason, we will no longer purchase can goods through the mail.
I just finished my first bowl of this clam chowder, and was disappointed to find, or rather, not find, clams. Don't get me wrong -- the soup was good, with a very nice texture and taste, but the clams were AWOL. Several times I bit into something that provided a small burst of clam flavor, but only once did I find a clam fragment big enough to look at. I'm going to buy some chopped clams to kind of "chum" a bit. This, of course increases the cost of the meal. I'm going to try some other brands as well.<br /><br />I do hope that Bar Harbor does some testing. The label shows clams as the most prevalent ingredient, but I don't see how that can be -- my money is on the potatos.
I adore this chowder because it uses natural ingredients and not harmful fillers like MSG and partially-hydrogenated oil. Most importantly, this chowder tastes MOUTH-WATERING GOOD and is bursting with flavor. I use whole milk and add a pinch of pepper, and this aromatic chowder is devoured in minutes. If you have not already, definitely give it a try.
Unless you've got a clam roller somewhere on your property, I doubt seriously that you could whip-up a better bowl of chowder! The clams were tender, fresh, plentiful, and remarkably non-gritty. The 'taters' were tasty and not overly done. I would recommend that they cut-back a bit on the tapioca starch and add some medium cream, instead.  I like to add some diced Vidalya onion or red bell pepper. Stir in some milk, butter, and black pepper, and you're on your way to a delightful meal.
...........but still not that great. It's bland. Even when I added salt, pepper, milk, and butter, it didn't taste like the best I've had. But at least it's edible, unlike every other canned clam chowder out there. If I can find a way to make this taste better than I'd love it. It's the best CANNED clam chowder I've ever had, but it's not that great. The clams taste good.<br /><br />EDIT: I had a 2nd can and I made it today, I added only a little bit of milk and I added NO salt, pepper, or butter, and it actually tastes a lot better than when I did. So I suggest adding nothing but some milk or cream to this soup. It's still not the best I've ever had though.
This soup lacks the key ingredients that make a canned clam chowder great: Partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (soy/cottonseed), dehydrated potatoes, modified starches of all kinds, hydrolyzed corn gluten, MSG, potassium chloride, sodium phosphate, disodium inosinate, disodium guanylate, and succinic acid. What good is a classic New England clam chowder without these classic ingredients?<br /><br />Instead, the first ingredient listed is: Clams. Next you'll be telling me it's got butter in it (it does? Oh.).<br /><br />On a more serious note. Bar Harbor makes a good tasting clam chowder. The first list of ingredients came from Snow's and Campbell's condensed New England clam chowders. This Bar Harbor stuff is worth it.
I was really excited to try clam chowder from Maine but it did not wow me.  I think Campbell's might even be better....
Good flavor and not too rich--fewer fat calories than the standard fare. It's not loaded up with canola oil like Campbell's and Progresso, so you can add a little quality EVOO like California Olive Ranch, or even butter for a healthier brew if you prefer it that way like we do. I also add a little half and half, and saute some Hormel Bacon bits with red onion and garlic to add complexity to the flavor. I was impressed. I usually also add some Gorton's Wild Pacific Salmon (frozen, in most markets) to basically make it a healthy fish chowder.
One perfect box. No rips, tears or gouges. Inside the box? 6 badly dented cans of chowder that looked like they fell out of an airplane. Every single can! Very disappointed. Should I return them all? Is the chowder any good? Was this a joke? I rate this 1 star...for the unblemished box.
very good clam chowder.not as good as being in Maine in a restaurant but much better then other canned chowders
bar harbor clam chowder is an excellent product. easy to fix and has tremendous flavor, nice amount of clams and potatoes. you will enjoy this product very well !
This arrived earlier than expected, which was great! However, for some reason, this particular product smelled a little like "fish food".... but no worries, still tasted like great cashew butter, just the smell was kinda weird - like fish food. Also, I wish this product was organic.
When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce, my dogs loved it. After a few weeks, they don't seem to care too much for it anymore. They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while, and will eventually eat it when they are hungry, but they don't consider it to be a treat anymore. I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced, and low calorie. One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it. They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains. I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce, buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining. VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins, so if your must have some sort of gravy, I recommend VitaGravy a bit more. Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog. This creates a "gravy" like texture and aroma that most dogs love. Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues, but a great free solution for picky eaters.
Our dog loves this stuff. I bought it for a occasional treat since he only eats dry dog food, I thought it would be a nice treat for him to have a lil something extra every now and then. But this stuff stinks really bad like dirt, it makes the whole area where the dog eats smell like we just opened and bag of soil in the house. If they could improve the smell of it, that would be awesome, because our dog just loves it but we can't bare the smell of it.
My dog likes the Iams savory sauce.  It helps to tempt him to eat when his appetite is off, and it's good for him.
I ordered this Pack of 20 1-pound full leaf tea which looked like a great deal. Well....<br /><br />1st, it's not 20lbs of tea, I received only 1<br /><br />2nd, it's not high quality full leaf tea, but rather the ground tea leaves you'd expect from lipton<br /><br />Strangely enough, I ordered the non-decaf regular version and it arrived as full leaf tea and doesn't taste half bad. If someone receives something different than I or rather if someone receives what was advertised, I'd like to know about it. Maybe I'll try again.
This was the 2nd time that I ordered the Smokehouse USA Chicken Stix. The 1st order had USA printed right on the bag, this one had a USA sticker over the China sticker.  In addition, the product looked entirely different. Obviously I am concerned. I pay more to ensure I am not feeding my "fur kids" products from China. If it happens again, I'll stop ordering all Smokehouse products on-line.
I HAD READ ANOTHER REVIEW AND THE REVIEWER WAS CONCERNED ABOUT THIS PRODUCT COMING FROM CHINA.  I CALLED THE MANUFACTURER AND WAS TOLD THIS PRODUCT IS MADE HERE IN THE US.  MY DOG LOVES THEM!!
This is a new treat for our "kids". They are pretty picky eaters, especially my girl! They both love 'em. Glad I found this product. Reasonably priced too
I have a German Breed, G.Sheph. & he is VERY, VERY, PICKY! He loved them. He is such a happy camper. He wakes up in the morning & ready to go for his walks & comes home straight to his treat cabinet, he wants his chicken stix....thank you, finally something that my boy loves....
With the Prime shipping, this made a great last minute gift. It seems a little pricey for the amount of fish, but the quality was good (according to the person I gave it to). In the end, I think this is better than a fruit basket or something similar.
I think pack of 4 for $25.00 is too much ($6.25 per box). I got them in Target for less than $3.00 sometimes. Also, maybe because of promotion, I got them for $2.80 or around that at Safeway. I will not buy this one online. TASTE is FIVE STARS, but price is ONE STAR.
I eat a lot of cereal, and that includes a lot of the high-fiber kinds. Oatmeal, Mini (Frosted) Shredded Wheat and Raisin Bran are usually what I'd eat when I needed to lose a few lbs., but there have been a few instances where I tried the "healthier" options. I've tried several of the Kashi cereals, but they weren't very appetizing. The plain one had a cardboard taste. Next, I tried Grape Nuts, which is like a horrendous yeast flavored cat food (though it's closer to kitty litter in texture.) That brings me to FiberPlus Antioxidants.<br /><br />This Berry Yogurt Crunch is certainly one of the better tasting high-fiber cereals I've eaten. It's like a decent health bar broken apart into cereal. The clusters of yogurt really help, but even the plain cereal is decent enough on its own. Yes, there are 12g of Sugar per serving, but the 10g of Fiber and 170 Calorie parts more than make up for it. Especially if you compare it to Raisin Bran and Frosted Shredded Wheat, which are typically higher in Sugar and Calories, yet lower in dietary fiber. The antioxidants are a nice bonus, too.<br /><br />The bottom line is that I'll add this to my grocery list whenever it's on sale or the price is right.
Let me first say that I don't eat cereal as a general rule.  I just don't like it.  I don't drink milk EVER, so eating dry cereal isn't always a treat.  I purchased a box of this for my husband.  I ended up trying some because it just looked so pretty in the bowl....and I was HOOKED!  This cereal is tasty and healthy and I eat it everyday now with my yogurt.  I can't give it enough stars!
I am now on my third box of this delicious cereal. I try to eat only high fiber cereals, mainly for nutrition but also because they seem to be more filling. This is now my favorite! If you purchase the fiber plus bars, many times they have a $1 coupon on the back (off one box of cereal)  I buy mine from Wal Mart @$2.68 and use coupon...great deal. Usually lasts me a week...I eat a bowl everyday.  Also, many times you'll find a $1 coupon on cereal box for fiber bars. They are pretty good too, especially the chocolate almond.
My daughter, living and working in DC this summer, introduced me to this product while home for a visit.  She encouraged me to give the plain version (just pure coconut water) a chance first, and by the second container, I understood the amazing qualities of this drink.  I felt so refreshed, hydrated, and healthy!  I later tried the kind with pineapple, which is also delicious, but I think the plain is more effective and purely refreshing when really hot, tired and thirsty, while the sweeter fruit infused version will be amazing as part of a cocktail.  Can't wait for 5:00!
This has been my favorite brand of coconut water of the ones I've tried. They use real fruit juice for flavoring, as well as it tastes good.<br /><br />We tried the smaller size, and they just aren't large enough to get enough water at the gym, and are not resealable.<br /><br />Things I like about this:<br /><br />* Perfect size for an hour long gym routine<br />* Resealable cap(smaller one lacks this)<br />* Tasty (Like a pina colada)<br /><br />Negative<br /><br />* Box makes it hard to get the last drops- usually end up squishing it up to get the last bit<br /><br />So great coconut water, perfect size, and cheaper than buying locally at sprouts with the Amazon's 'subscribe and save'!
I like the slight pineapple flavor in this better than the plain coconut water. Good well chilled. Coconut water is supposed to be a healthy drink.
Love this juice. Scheduled shipment is convenient and economical. This is a very expensive beverage and any way to save some money on it, is worth it
I have tried every brand of coconut water that health food stores carry, and this is, by far, my favorite.  The pineapple flavor does not overwhelm the coconut or vice versa. I also like the tetra pack with the screw on top- it is much more convenient than the smaller 11 oz size which you cannot reseal.  This has been a great Gatorade substitute for me, and helps a lot when I am sick or dehydrated or need to hydrate quickly. Great stuff!
Shipping great and loved product. The boxes are a little tough because there is not a lid if you do not finish.  I suggest buy only little ones this way.
I discovered Vita Coco a few months ago.  Of the flavors I have tried, I like the Pineapple best.  It tastes like a mild pina colada without the alcohol.  I love the idea of an all-natural hydrating drink that is low in sugar and high in potassium.  Whenever I am hot, thirsty or a little run-down, I find that Vita Coco Coconut Water with Pineapple really quenches my thirst, refreshes me, and gives me a little energy boost without added sugar or any artificial ingredients like the ones in Gatorade and other drinks aimed at balancing electrolytes.  An 8-1/2-ounce serving  has only 60 calories and 30 mg of Sodium (less than fat-free milk), with 515 mg of Potassium and 180% of the RDA of Vitamin C.  It's a little pricey, but if you can buy it on sale with free shipping, it's a great value.  Although I have previously purchased it on Amazon, I more recently bought it at GNC during Gold Card Week when there was a free shipping offer and a "buy 2, get 1 free" offer.  With a deal like that, it breaks down to less than 65 cents per 8-1/2-oz serving.
Pineapple is hands down my favorite flavor of Vita Coco! It not only serves a great electrolyte replenishing beverage (aka the PERFECT hangover cure) but it can also be made into a pinacolada if you just add some rum :)
I really like this coconut water, but I was surprised that per 17oz box it's the same price at Wegman's.  Probably won't be ordering again unless there's some sort of discount.
Heard about this drink from a friend and had to try it. Had one while traveling and loved it!!! I sat on the plane enjoying it...I was thinking, I should bought another one!
I subscribe to this monthly but just got an email stating that it's changing from 17 oz. to 16.9 oz. - but no price change?  WOW that's a really lame cut to increase their profit margins.  Whatever I won't miss the .1 oz. obviously but how about messaging and acknowledging your devoted consumers.
I tasted the pineapple flavor yesterday at a friend's cocktail party. She used it to mix with rum to make pina coladas. It complimented the drink so well!! The bottles are really pretty to set up and hand out at a party as well =)<br /><br />I have been drinking Vita Coco for a while now and usually drink the 100% pure, but I find the flavors to be such a treat (yet still very healthy)! Especially after a long workout.
It's high-quality and the price is right, especially with subscribe-and-save via Prime, but after months of trying to keep up with my subscription, I had to put it on hold.  I'm not a big water drinker, but this stuff has a distinct flavor and when you're using it as a work-out beverage four or five times a weak it eventually wears on you.  Or me, at least. I'd still recommend it, just don't OD the way I did.
Originally I was turned of by this product when I tasted the regular flavor. Once I had the version with pineapples, I was instantly hooked. I used to get a lot of stomach cramps and cramps in my feet. Since I have incorporated this drink daily it has aided my digestive system and obliterated all of my previous cramp problems. I would recommend Vita Coco to all of my friends and family.
Of all the flavors Vita Coco produces, the Pineapple combination is by far the best - it has just enough flavor to keep it interesting but not overpowering.
The pineapple coconut combination is refreshing. I especially like that there is no added sugar. This is a welcomed change from other brands.
I like this product so much I have it delivered monthly!  So happy to be drinking this at work while my co-workers are stuck with pop!  It's so refreshing and revitalizing!  The only coconut water flavor I like is pineapple!  Transports easily and stores easily with the screw-on top.
I always feel refreshed when I drink this coconut water. The pineapple gives it an added extra that makes it truly irresistible. It has been a firm favorite of mine now for nearly a year.
I tried quite a few varieties of this brand and the pineapple is the best.  Light but refreshing.  I am not sure if I think it is a miracle elixer or anything but I did purchase a case and look forward to drinking this on a regular basis.  Thank you for the great value and convenience, Amazon.
I use vita coco coconut water with pineapple to mix with my ultra-meal nutritional supplement it mixes well and taste great.I have it for breakfast every morning.
This product doesn't have the greatest taste. I like Jamba coconut water, but it's hard product to find. I purchased this to try out and I'm not liking it, but it's tolerable when it's cold; really cold (reason why I gave it two stars).  I tried the coconut water when it was warm to see if it really tastes bad like some of the reviews said and sure enough, they were right.
If you haven't had coconut water with pineapple juice before then you need to try this! Simply delicious and so healthy for you!
Bigger is always better, and that is not what she said, I did.  I got turned on to coconut water about a year ago and since then have not been able to get enough of it.  I found that Vita Coco, is the best brand around.  The pineapple flavor has a great sweetness that compliments the coconut water to create a refreshing, thirst quenching beverage.  I have recently began to drink more due to the nature of my job so I don't cramp up in my hands. plus with all the nutrients and benefits, whats there not too like. With subscribe and save,  I can quench my thirst any time of year.  Thanks vita coco, you surely have a lovely bunch of coconuts!!!
I love the taste of the Viva Coco with Pineapple. If I was likening it to a common drink, it's a melted virgin Pina Colada.<br />The 17 oz boxes are better for me than the other sizes, because they contain the resealable lids in case you don't drink it all at once.<br />As with all coconut waters, the taste can vary slightly, but the pineapple seems to keep it pretty consistant.
Good thirst quencher. Milky and thicker then I expected. Not what I would call a pineapple flavor but one can get the idea it is pineapple.
I love the Pineapple/Coconut water. It is high in potassium. I am a rural mail carrier and have to be out in the hot weather. In the afternoon I get hot, dry, and thirsty. I am trying to lose weight so I'm watching my calories. Water is wet and cold but doesn't quench my thirst. This stuff does the trick. It quenches my thirst and gives me a little pick-up for the afternoon and keeps me going. This only has 60 calories per serving, so that is much less than a 180 calorie Gatorade. I recommend this to those looking for a healthy alternative to the sugary sports drinks.
i love the pineapple the best. had a hard time finding this at the store,they get ya hooked and then stop carring it.i have tried the other brands of coconut water but i'm just not loving them,so i went online hoping to find this brand and there it was.now mom's happy and so is everyone else!  love the vita coco!
Short and brief.  The product has a wonderful coconut taste and the pineapple addition is light and mildly sweet.  I will certainly purchase this again.
I've always wanted to like coconut water - low in calories, high in minerals - but I've just never liked the taste much. The pineapple juice in this really makes a difference. It still needs to be well chilled to be good, but it makes a healthy post-workout drink.
I love buying these and drinking them after my workout.  You lose not just fluids but minerals/vitamins and this helps replenish you.  Water is good too for you too but I just love these post-workout.  They are also good for anytime when you could use a sweet but natural drink (like you don't want milk or soda or water but want something tasty and refreshing).
After reading about the benefits of coconut water, I decided to give this brand a try.  I have tried a few other brands with a juice added, but they all have lot of extra sodium.  Be sure to read the labels.  Some have less potassium in them than the Via Coco brand.  I felt like this was better for my husband to drink than Gatorade. He works on a/c during the summer and is out in the heat all day long.
Love the pineapple flavor. Makes me feel like I am on vacation drinking a pina colada. (You probably could add a little rum and.....)Really tastes better than other pineapple coconut waters I have tried!!
This product is a good addition to fruit smoothies.  It thins it out while adding good taste and electrolytes, which are good during the very hot weather.
I love this water! I started buying it after my Bikram yoga classes to rehydrate, and now drink it whenever I feel a little dehydrated.  Living in AZ, I tend to not drink enough water so these help tremendously and are delicious too!  Try them! You'll be hooked :)
Vita coco water is taste great by itself or mixed up in a smoothie. It is great for re-hydration after a workout and has more potassium than a Banana.
IT SAYS ON THE BOX EACH DRINK CONTAINS: THE POTASIUM OF 2 BANANAS & MORE ELECTROLITES THAN A SPORTS DRINK. THEY MIGHT SEEM A LITTLE HIGH PRICED BUT GO TO GROECERY STORE BUY 2 BANANAS & 2 SPORTS DRINKS AND YOU WILL PAY MORE TO GET THE SAME NUTRITION YOU GET FROM 1 JUICE BOX OF THIS COCONUT WATER...
Great before, during, and after a workout. Great natural electrolytes, Very high in potassium, amazing drink! This is my favorite flavor, tangerine is 2nd
Great real coconut young coconut taste. Not the usual overwhelming sweet taste seen on other coconut water canned drinks.  Good on the environment. Made in Brazil. Even better.  You can really taste the fruit labelled on the product besides the coconut water taste
Not only does Vita coco have the best taste ..much better than ONE<br />and slightly better than Zito, but now they have the best package<br />also!!<br /><br />This new screw top is great to take to the gym, hiking and biking.<br /><br />Coc water is the best re-hyrator and IMO Vita coco is the best.<br />I also noticed when I searched coconut water on amazon.com that<br />vita coco comes up number one, so others seem to think that vita<br />coco is number one also because they are voting with thier purchases.
According to an article on CNN.com on 8/5/11, the nutritional content of this brand does not live up to what is on the lable.<br />"Researchers at ConsumerLab.com tested the sodium, potassium, magnesium, and sugar content of three leading brands of coconut water, and they found that only one, Zico Natural, contained the stated amount for all four ingredients.<br /><br />The sugar and potassium content in the other two brands, Vita Coco and O.N.E., also matched the label. But the amounts of sodium and magnesium--two nutrients key to hydration--were as much as 82% and 35% lower, respectively, than the listed amount."
I bought this at a local gas station near my house and was excited to try it because I see it everywhere. It was nasty. I will never drink this crap again, I don't care how "good" it is for you. The taste is disgusting and I'd rather just drink regular water. Blah!
I'm so addicted to these!!! You know the movie When Harry Met Sally? When I drink one of these it just feels like that famous scene in the movie... orgasmic!
This stuff is pretty disgusting.  I don't care if Madonna, Tom Cruise or whatever celebrity invested in the company and carries a container of it around for photo opps, it tastes bad.  And as far as rehydrating better than water, umm, don't think so.  It might replenish potassium, although, unless you are participating in the Olympics, you probably are not going to risk a potassium deficiency from physical activity.
I had hoped that this would taste like Pina Coladas but it doesn't.  It is rather nasty and left a film on my tongue.  I wanted something to drink after a work out or to give to my kids when we are traveling but it is to hard for me to swallow.  The reason I gave it 2 stars is because it is good in mixed drinks.  I have been able to add it to smoothies and drinks with alcohol.  If you are going to drink this straight, it helps if it is really cold....almost frozen.  If you really like the taste of coconut milk you might like this because that is the only thing I can taste in it,
The product description says 12 packs of 12 (144 count), but when you order, you only get a box of twelve.  I did this weeks ago, talked to Amazon, but they still haven't updated the product description.
High quality coca products do not have a paper wraps since they can harbor dirt and bacteria and the printing ink can change or contaminate the delicate flavor of the tea bags.<br />Organic coca tea bags do not contain preservatives or additives; therefore they must be properly stored. All coca tea  Air Tight Bags are re-sealable with zip lock closures and once opened the bags must be kept closed at all time to avoid contamination in a dry, cool, dark place away from strong-flavored foods.  An extra airtight container is recommended when the tea is stored over one month.<br />Do not store coca tea  products inside a refrigerator if you have produce inside. Many fruits and vegetables, especially if they have been damaged, give off ethylene gas as they ripen. Coca tea bags are very sensitive to the presence of even very low levels of ethylene gas. The refrigerator acts as a trap for the ethylene gas given off by the generating varieties, allowing it to build up to damaging levels. Although not hazardous to humans, the ethylene gas leads to the early aging and rotting of the tea.
I got a bag with 25 oinkies, pig skin with sweet potato in the middle.  But my dogs like them despite the wrong item being received.  It's still made by hartz.  The description of this product didn't say anything about sweet potato in the center.  So unless they update the description & package image I got the wrong product.  I'm only happy because my doggies are. :P
These are a great snack for any dog who has food allergies to chicken. My 20 pound Sheltie loves them more than any other chew or rawhide that we have given her. I highly recommend these for any dog, especially one with food allergies.
I have an old english sheepdog. He absolutely loved the treats. It took him longer than I thought it would to eat through one so I could eat a treat in peace while he chewed on his. It was great.
When I placed my order it was for Hartz Pigskin 10 pack with sweet potato center.  When I received the order it was Hartz Pigskin 10 packs but it was all pigskin and this is not easy for my dog to chew.  I contacted the company and they were very nice about the hole thing as they refunded the money to my credit card and told me to take the pigskin packs to a local shelter or SPCA.  They were also very fast in sending out the original product.  They told me that they forgot to change the photo from sweet potato center to all wrapped pigskin and they would do that.
My dog craves these...one each morning. She's never had digestive problems with them, unlike the beef rawhide bones which we wont give her. WE couldnt find them suddenly in any of the stores and i was soooo delighted Amazon had them! Right to my door quick!  thank you amazon!
I emailed customer service and asked if the treats were filled with sweet potato, and they assured me that they'd checked with the manufacturer and confirmed that they did in fact have a sweet potato center.  However, the ones I received did not and I feel like I was lied to by customer service because they didn't want to take the time to actually check into it.
Wrigleys' 5 FLARE sugarless gum is Wrigleys' sugarless replacement for their "Big Red" cinnamon gum. 5 flare seems to be difficult to find in stores. Thanks to Amazon I always have a supply. 5 FLARE is also the longest lasting gum I have ever experienced both in flavor and durability. It is positively the best cinnamon flavor currently on the market.
I love this gum.  It is very dishearting that it is so difficult to find.  I was hooked on the Cinnamon Extra until that went away.  Now this item is not available.  This world needs more Cinnamon lovers.
I tried this gum after Trident cinnamon became hard to find a couple of years ago.  (Trident told me that they were overhauling the plant that made the gum so it was in short supply but it would be back.)  I quickly discovered that the Flare 5 was far superior to the Trident and I haven't looked back.  It does last a long, long, long, time.  Unfortunatley, as other reviewers noted, it has become very hard to find in stores.  Trident cinnamon is everywhere but now I don't want it.  Amazon saves the day again.
I found this coffee flavorful and bold.  I didn't experience bitterness.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
Is so good. Lots of flavor and great coffee taste. Especially good to wake up with. Enjoy this coffee. I give it a plus 10.
I love how fast my cups arrived. I will always get my k cups here! I can't wait to try something new.
We have several of these machines at work and I've tried lots of different flavors and blends...this is one of the few I can keep down without my body convulsing with an involuntary shudder.  Lots of these instant coffees are very bitter or far too strong.  This one is actually very tasty.
I've tried a handful of other brands of French Roast and I find this one and Tully's version to be both great and comparable in flavor. The difference is the price (this one is far more reasonable).
I have had Green Mountain coffee before, but had not tried the French Roast.  I am just realizing that there is a taste difference between different manufacturers, even with the same types of roasts.  The Green Mountain French Roast has the flavor I like and was expecting.  The price was reasonable and my order shipped quickly.  My only disappointment was in the shipping packaging.  I knew that I was ordering 2 boxes of K-cups but was surprised to see how big the shipping box was.  There was room for 3 boxes, with the extra space filled with bubble-wrap, which seems wasteful to me.  But on the whole, I am very happy with my coffee!
This coffee has a nice bold flavor, not too strong, but smooth and bold enough that you know your having a wakeful, full bodied cup of coffee that is really enjoyable.  If you like a distinctive, medium bold cup of coffee you will love this.
one of the best choices so far.  If you like bold coffee you will like this one  Will definitely buy again
I prefer stong coffee but my husband does not like it quite so strong.  It works well for me.  The way he made it work for him, he makes a cup and a half and that suits him.  It also makes the KCup last twice as long!
Out of curiosity I compared with side-by-side with Tully's French Roast k-cups.  These Green Mountain k-cups do not have quite the full bodied flavor of Tully's.  Both k-cups are good, but if you're going after a French Roast with the most full spectrum and thickness of flavor then I'd recommend Tully's French Roast k-cups.
French roast my green mountain is my favorite every day K-cup. Its a good coffee... bold yet smooth. NOT BURNT (I hate Peets and Starbucks because they taste like the burn the beans). If you like the nasty burnt taste, these probably are not for you. If you want a well balanced, bold, smooth everyday coffee these K-Cups will work!
This is great French Roast. For whatever reason, it is also cheaper (in 24-count) than the other Green Mountain Coffee roasts.
I find many K-Cups are weak and not what I am used to (Starbucks), but this french roast is a pretty good subsitute to the $2 coffee I get from the store.
If you love super dark, rich, bold and thick flavored coffee then this is the coffee for you...with one problem.  Personally I love coffee that embodies everything I just said.  I love esspresso and the like.  To find a K-cup that is this bold even on the 10 oz. setting is great...but there is that problem again...<br /><br />It smells, tastes, and leaves the after taste of burnt urine!  Like someone torched a public restroom and mopped the floor with coffee, then packaged it. Yum!<br /><br />There are other dark, bold k-cups out there that have a better smell, flavor and does not have a nasty after taste. You may not believe me, and that is fine, but get a sample pack before going for the 24, you'll thank me later. Try the Green Mountain Coffee Extra Bold Sumatran Reserve K-Cups. Better all around cup of coffee.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F9Z1WS">Planters Peanut Butter Cookie Crisps 100 Calorie Packs, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>.  These cookies are so tasty!  I love the peanut taste and the crispness.  A one-hundred calorie pack is just enough to get started having fun eating them, but then the limitation of the size of the package helps me put the brakes on.  Probably the most important part of weight control is portion control.<br /><br />The cookies have 3 grams fat, 0 mg Cholesterol, and 2 Weight Watchers points.
It's very nice that the company put 100 calories packages out--great marketing idea.  They taste okay to me.  A bit subtle on the chocolate IHMO.  Mostly they're lightly-flavored, chocolate, wheat crackers.  They have very little nutritional value but over 39% sugar.  The 100 calories is achieved by a very light product--it doesn't weigh much.  So, 100 calories sounds great--but only if you eat but one package.  Not easy to do if you're hungry.  Still, it's a convenient snack to put in a backpack, lunch box, carry-on (now that they don't feed you much when you fly), etc. with less calories than most alternatives.  Could also tide you over between meals.  Still, I'd personally prefer something a bit healthier.  But that's why there's chocolate & vanilla--oops, they left out the vanilla!
I enjoy them a lot and so does my son. I have to say that this kind is one of my favorites. It is full of peanut butter flavor that you forget that it is only 100 cals. As for the amount you get in the bag, it is more than I expecting so I was very happy.
I enjoy the Peanut Butter Cookie Crisp, but they are definitely a departure from the originals.  Still my son LOVES them so for this reason I still give it four stars.
One reviewer writes that these are Oreo crackers without the creme--and they are right! These thin Oreo crisp wafer type cookies by Nabisco are easy to pack for when you're on the run and just need a quick sugar infusion. They also make for snacking anytime of the day--or night--and they give you that great Oreo taste without actually using creme as an ingredient.<br /><br />These crackers are cholesterol free and trans fat free--hooray!  There are only 100 calories in a serving and a serving contains only two grams of fat. They are baked crackers which helps make them healthier than other snacking choices including greasy French fries. These crackers somehow manage to give you the full Oreo taste experience while omitting the creme and a fair amount of the calories, too. Excellent!<br /><br />These Oreo thin crisps come in six smaller packets which will be inside the box you buy. This makes them even more portable for both children and adults. Another advantage of the cookies coming in smaller packages inside the box is that you know that each packet has been pre-measured to contain only 100 calories. This way you can't accidentally eat too many and take in more calories than you wanted to have.<br /><br />I notice that these crackers are made with cocoa. Please consult your doctor if you have any concerns about caffeine. Chocolate and cocoa could contain too much caffeine for you if you are sensitive to that.<br /><br />I recommend these crackers for persons on the go who want a quick snack. They should provide you with a sugar boost for quick energy. They make for a healthier alternative to other snack foods loaded with fat and/or cholesterol.<br /><br />Buy some and enjoy them today!  SMILES
I really like these.  They are so light and airy, almost like chips instead of cookies!  The flavor is that yummy OREO chocolate we all know and love!
These are good but the flavor did not resemble an oreo. I purchased these along with the chips ahoy and those did resemble the flavor of chips ahoy. In my opinion these tasted like animal crackers. I will stick to chips ahoy 100 calorie packs.
I have been eating the 100 Calorie Chip Ahoy for sometime. I really find that it is a filling, guilt-free snack. It has a unique taste of its own - not a `diet' food-type taste either, it taste like a `real' snack.
As I get older and fatter, I seek opportunities to eat snacks that at least make a nominal attempt to be healthy.  Oreo cookies fail to reach very high on my list of healthy foods.  However, Oreo cookies are delicious beyond belief.  Not only are Oreo cookies delicious, but I sometimes think I hear Oreo cookies calling my name as I walk by them.  Honest.  I am unable to buy Oreo cookies because if I do I know I will eat them; generally in a few days.  Not a good idea.<br /><br />Nabisco, realizing that many of us are making some nominal attempt at eating more healthy foods, have created a brand-identified snack eliminates all the bad fats and most of the fat, creating a yummy and crunchy chocolate wafer snack that is like a chocolate cracker.  To this point no one has ever created a truly healthy snack that is like a cookie.  However, this wafer snack, which Nabisco has decided not to call a cookie, perhaps because cookie sounds fattening, is reasonably yummy.  I have eaten these things several times and still eat them.  I actually eat them more than regular Oreos, which I count as quite a nod to health.<br /><br />You may be tempted to add icing to this baked cookie.  If you are going to add the fat and calories in icing, perhaps you should just skip in pretense at reducing calories and fat and go straight to regular Oreo cookies.  In fact, just revel in the calories and go for the Double Stuff Oreos.<br /><br />Oreos have been around since 1912, and remain the best-selling cookie brand in history.  According to our friends at Kraft, which owns Nabisco, and which is owned by the Altria Group (renamed from Philip Morris, presumably for marketing reasons), more then 450 billion Oreo cookies were sold in the first 90 years of their existence.  Though Oreo Thin Crisps fall quite a bit short of the real thing, they are high quality and have sufficient flavor that allows these baked chocolate wafers to have the Oreo name.<br /><br />Of course, you could just stick with rabbit food and be truly healthy, but where is the fun in that?  For those of us that find a constant diet of veggies to be just too healthy to be fun, and yet the thought of pigging out on a pound of Oreos smacks of chunks of fat floating through our circulatory system, Oreo Thin Crisps are a lovely alternative.  Or course, you probably should avoid eating pounds of these, even with the reduced fat.  Food is food and too much low fat food still is not good for you, even if it tastes good.  At least Oreo Thin Crisps do not talk to me when I walk by.<br /><br />Enjoy!
We are still six years away from the centennial for the Oreo cookie, which was first manufactured by Nabisco in 1912 as something more exciting for people to dip in their tea than the biscuits the English tend to use (it was copyrighted as the "Oreo Biscuit").  The sandwich cookie was quite similar to the Hydrox cookie produced by Sunshine, but Oreo dominated the market to such an extent that they stopped making Hydrox back in 1996. What would be considered the "modern" Oreo cookie was developed in 1952 (originally they were mound shaped, which is why some think the name comes from the Greek word for "hill"), with the two circular chocolate wafers with the sweet white filling commonly called the "cream" in between.<br /><br />Of course today consumers do not have to restrict themselves to just the tradition Oreo cookie.  There are Oreos with chocolate-flavored cream instead of the traditional white, as well as orange colored cream at Halloween and red at Christmas.  You can get Oreos with a double portion of filling, not to mention mixing and matching two flavors of filling (carmel and chocolate, coffee and cream, peanut butter and chocolate, etc.).  You want the original cookie with a coating of chocolate fudge?  They have that, or with white chocolate fudge in winter, and then there is the Uh-Oh! Oreo with the flavors of the cookie reversed.<br /><br />But what if you are interested in watching your weight because once you open a bag of which ever type of Oreos are your personal preference they are just sitting them beginning to be eating?  After all, once they are open they could go stale, and putting them in a cookie jar just makes them more accessible even if it allays fears about freshness.  Nabisco has taken a three-prong approach for weight watching Oreo lovers.  You can go with the Reduced Fat Oreo, which is identical to the size of the original but has less fat per serving.  Then there are the Mini Oreos, bite-sized versions packaged in snack packs rather than in really think wrapped trays.  Now we can add to that short list the Oreo Thin Crisps.<br /><br />These are baked chocolate six-sided wafer snacks, almost 20 to a pack, that are lightly sprinkled with white specks that are to take the place of the aforementioned cream.  Now, I am someone who likes the cream more than the wafer, so I was wary because I thought scarffing down a bunch of these would be like eating the chocolate wafers without the white cream, but they are lighter in taste than that, even without having the glass of milk handy that I considered essentially when eating the more traditional Oreo cookies.  Since they do have the Oreo taste I can round up on these.  These come in 100 Calorie Packs, to help you draw the line at a nice round number when it comes to caloric intake.  You can six 0.81 oz (23g) packs in a 4.86 oz box.  Each pack contains 0 grams of trans-fat, 2 grams of fat, and 0 milligrams of cholesterol.  You will also find one of 100 Healthy Living Tips on the front of the pack (e.g., #56: "Make a meal out of appetizers or side dishes instead of larger main entrees").  Of course, I was thinking of putting some of these in a bowl of vanilla ice cream, but that would really mess up the whole healthy living bit.
With any low fat or low calorie food, you're going to sacrifice taste of portion size.  With this product, you sacrifice both.<br /><br />It's a good idea, which was done well with the Oreos and others in this series of "100 calorie" snacks, but I think you're better off with a single cookie from the regular Chips Ahoy box than a whole bag of these.
Love this snack.<br />Its really tasty.<br />Filling for my wife, not me though..."I'll take 2 please" =)
how good these cookies really are.  They're delicious, satisfying, and really, really healthy.  Definitely a great alternative to "real" cookies.
FIRST THOUGHTS: BRINGS BACK OLD MEMORIES<br /><br />When I recently tried these little wafers I recalled when I worked in an office nearly 20 years ago. Whenever the Director skipped lunch, he ran all through the department pleading with all the ladies to pull something out of their handbags or desks that might get him through till 5 O'clock. He usually ended up with a couple of packaged saltines which had long since turned stale and were mostly crumbled from being crushed at the bottom of a handbag or desk drawer. I came to realize that some of the girls kept stale crackers just for him - I guess they really admired him. These 'Nabisco Oreo Thin Crisps, Baked Chocolate Wafer Snacks' would have served his purposes much better than the saltines, but I would rather he have more of his old favorites.<br /><br />IN A NUTSHELL: NICE FOR A DIETER AT COFFEE BREAK TIME -- BUT NO CREAM & SUGAR PLEASE<br /><br />Basically, this is a minimalist snack for people who have to eat something in-between meals and they don't want it to be a 600 calorie confection. That's why the biggest print on the label says, "100 calorie packs" -- 4.5 inches across!<br /><br />WHAT'S THIS STUFF ALL ABOUT: ENRICHED FLOUR + SUGAR + "ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS" & "ARTIFICIAL COLORS" & A LITTLE CANOLA OIL<br /><br />2 GRAMS OF FAT & 9 GRAMS OF SUGAR in a 23 GRAM PACKAGE = 100 CALORIES<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: NO PRETENSES -- SIMPLE LEAN SUGAR WAFER WITH THE USUAL ADDITIVES<br /><br />As diet snacks go this is okay stuff to carry with you. One can avoid more calorie dense alternatives with these wafers on hand, making them a sort of antidote or vaccine against dropping energy and blood-sugar levels in the late afternoon which may lead to a large unplanned snack. For that purpose this is a great product and I know that our Director, 20 years ago, would have given anything to have these modest wafers available instead of the usual stale saltines that he subsisted on for many a long afternoon. When the Director didn't find any saltines around the office he'd head straight for McDonalds and the rest was history.
I hate to admit I miss the lard. I was the one in your 4th-grade class who unscrewed the Oreo, ate all the white middle, licked the wafers clean and then ate the hardened chocolate wafers. That's the image I have of this cookie. Even Barbra Streisand coyly named her singing trio at the beginning of "A Star Is Born" the Oreos because she had two back-up singers who were black. That's why the idea of an Oreo Thin Crisp is rather lost on me.<br /><br />It is a single, nickel-sized baked chocolate wafer that more resembles a bleached Wheat Thin than the original Oreo. It does have some dusting of a white fructose sprinkle as perhaps a nostalgic tribute. Don't get me wrong, as the Oreo Thin Crisps are perfectly fine as low-calorie chocolate wafer alternatives go. They simply lack the lip-smacking satisfaction of a disassembled Oreo digested in pieces. The whole point of the 0.81-ounce bag of wafers is to tout that they are "100 Calorie Packs", a fine idea for Weight Watchers advocates and the rest of us who should be watching our weight. It's just that I don't feel very satisfied after finishing just one pack.
Nabisco knew if they didnt put little things that give this much pleasure in little baglets, we would keep dipping our hand in the bag and in a couple years would all weigh 400 lbs, die an early death and no longer be able to give Nabisco money.<br /><br />Kidding aside, these are loveable. The texture is perfection. If you feel like chewing them quickly or take it slowly and let the light wafer melt in your mouth.
I was sorely disappointed in these cookies.. They are pretty tasteless and damn hard too.. I wouldn't buy them again and I've certainly tasted much better low-cal cookies.. I definitely recommend saving your money, folks..
When you have a craving for a sweet but you don't won't too much, this bar is just perfect.  It's yummy.
I don't usually like really crispy cookies, but the taste of these changed my mind.  I like that you get quite a few for only 100 calories.  I often go for "quantity" over "quality" so I would rather have a few thin crisp cookies than one regular cookie.
These are our favorite indulgence at 100 calories for a sweet fix and energy- they are the best!  Sad to see on Amazon they are no longer available ;-(<br />Quick shipping and they arrived safely!
These cookies are just enough when you crave a sweet little snack.  My 3 yr.old granddaughter likes to say the letter<br />before she pops it in her mouth.
These 100 calorie Cakesters are delicious!  Both the vanilla<br />and the chocolate are great, they satisfy those little "sweet"<br />cravings and its only 100 calories for three little cakes!
Let me begin by saying that I do not like Oreo cookies at all. I think the cookie part is bitter and I hate the white cream filling. When a friend suggested I try these I was reluctant and kept telling her that I was not interested. She insisted so I tried a few and surprisingly did not find them to be bad at all. I'm diabetic, so this is not a snack I will be eating often, but a few here and there won't hurt. If you're expecting these to taste like Oreo cookies (I'm one who's glad they didn't!!), then you'll be disappointed. But if you want a chocolate snack that's low in calories and fat please give these a try.
Growing up on Oreos and milk is common. So I was taken aback with the brand extension of Oreo's to cakesters. And while I had low expectations, I must say these are better than normal Oreos. Although I can't say it'll beat the combo of oreos and milk, these are fantastic treats and relatively guilt-free.  If you like cake and like Oreos you can't go wrong with Oreo cakesters.<br /><br />The filling will bring you back to your childhood while the cake will provide you with a whole new Oreo experience. Certainly worth a try - guaranteed enjoyment!
I have recently joined Jenny Craig as  I need to lose some weight, and these 100 Calorie Pack cookies are the greatest thing for snacks.  I appreciate the opportunity to get them from you so reasonably. I have agreed to take a shipment each month.
I loved the original Oreo Cakesters when they first debuted. But, I shied away from eating them on a regular basis because of the high calorie and fat content in each serving. So, when I saw the commercial for the 100 calorie version, I could hardly wait to try them, and I must say I am very impressed!<br /><br />While some of the 100 calorie snack cakes can have a dry, mealy consistency, these cakes are moist, decadent and taste 100% like the originals.....just smaller. I would recommend them to anyone who liked the original version, but is watching calories. Good job Nabisco!
My family is on the last box.  My oldest daughter ate most of the cookies.  She likes peanut butter more than anything, and these 100-calorie pouches had just the right amount and they taste great.
These are more like a cracker - good for a little fill in for between meals.
Chips Ahoy cookies were not very tasty.  My children and husband would not eat them.  I tried to give them away and everyone refused.
Super yummy! Really hits the spot when I want a chocolatey snack that won't break the calorie bank.
Such an easy way to buy calorie controlled snacks.  The arrived quickly.  So easy to take to work or when you need just an easy snack.
I absolutely love the Oreo Thin Crisps cookies <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F9Z1WI">Oreo Thin Crisps 100 Calorie Packs, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>. They taste great and satisfy my chocoholic craving without compromising my diet.
Of all the 100-calorie pack snack products I've tried (and there have been many!) these are my absolute favorites. The funny thing is that I don't even like Oreos, and am not that crazy about chocolate. However, these Thin Crisps are exactly that, thin and crisp. They are also just right to fend off sweet cravings or premature hunger.
They melt in your mouth!  I think I found my perfect snack.<br />I love Oreos, but hate all the fat they provide to my diet.  By diet I mean the ability to eat everything in moderation.  I monitor how much fat I ingest for many reasons, health being the most important.  One package of these cookies had the same great taste of oreos with only 1/4 of the fat.<br />I also like the fact that they come in individual packages:  They don't go stale;  you can take them on trips, movies, park, etc.<br />Great tea or coffee cookies too!.... and, of course, good old milk.
I hate to admit I miss the lard. I was the one in your 4th-grade class who unscrewed the Oreo, ate all the white middle, licked the wafers clean and then ate the hardened chocolate wafers. That's the image I have of this cookie. Even Barbra Streisand coyly named her singing trio at the beginning of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AYEL1A">A Star Is Born</a> the Oreos because she had two back-up singers who were black. That's why the idea of an Oreo Thin Crisp is rather lost on me.<br /><br />It is a single, nickel-sized baked chocolate wafer that more resembles a bleached Wheat Thin than the original Oreo. It does have some dusting of a white fructose sprinkle as perhaps a nostalgic tribute. Don't get me wrong, as the Oreo Thin Crisps are perfectly fine as low-calorie chocolate wafer alternatives go. They simply lack the lip-smacking satisfaction of a disassembled Oreo digested in pieces. The whole point of the 0.81-ounce bag of wafers is to tout that they are "100 Calorie Packs", a fine idea for Weight Watchers advocates and the rest of us who should be watching our weight. It's just that I don't feel very satisfied after finishing just one pack.
Dude, these things are pretty good... as long as you're not bent on them being just like Oreos. I mean, they're not. But I definitely like them better than other chocolate cracker snacks like teddy grahams. The lightness of the crackers makes them perfect for slathering on other goodies, like peanut butter, cream cheese, icing, pudding, melted chocolate...
These are great snacks for traveling, such as, by airplane or car.  The cookie comes in the shape of a small cracker.  The cracker is less messy than a cookie which can break apart and crumble; and for this reason a preferred treat.<br /><br />The texture is comparable to a medium crunchy chip and very light to eat.  The first response by most people when eating the cracker for the first time is, "Humm these are good!"  This is a pleasant response and these crackers will probably be a big success over time.
Sorry, but I wasn't terribly impressed by these light snack crackers. Okay, I admit that I never liked Oreos that much in the first place. This 100 calorie bag of thin snack crackers tastes like Oreos, for sure--minus the sugar high pasted in the traditional sandwich cookie filling. But as one other reviewer noted, they're not all that chocolaty, a critical flaw in the opinion of this chocoholic. Worse than that, they're not so good for you. If you're going to have 100 calories, there are a lot healthier ways to do so than devoting nearly 40 percent to sugar. For my money, a piece of fruit makes a lot more sense. It not only costs less, it's got lots more nutritional value, not to mention fibre.
Who doesn't love Oreo cookies?  Many of us well remember after school snacks of Oreo cookies and milk.  However, also for many of us those school days when we could eat all we wished and not gain an ounce are in the past.  So, it's a special treat that brings back all kinds of good memories to find Oreo Thin Crisps.<br /><br /> No, I was not one who pulled the cookie apart to lap the frosting, I just loved the chocolatey taste and that is all in these cookies less the unwanted cals. They're crispy, crunchy, chocolate wafers - a wonderful comfort snack.<br /><br /> A high five for Oreo Thin Crisps!<br /><br />  - Gail Cooke
I was one of fifty families chosen to receive Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters for free to do a product review on.  Once I received my Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters in the mail, I and two of my grandsons decided to do the taste test immediately.<br /><br />The box of Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters comes with five individual packages.  Each package is 100 calories.  In fact, the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are advertised as being 100 calorie packs so that people will know exactly how many calories they are having so there is no guesswork involved.  Each 100 calorie package comes with three Oreo mini cakesters which translates to each mini cakester having approximately thirty-three and one third calories.<br /><br />The appearance of the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters is one of tiny chocolatey goodness.  They are a dark chocolate color with a thin slice of cream filling and are soft and slightly crumbly.  When you put a Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters into your mouth, they crumble into a delicious chocolate cake flavor.  In fact, they do remind me a little of having a small bite of chocolate cake.  The Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters mostly have a chocolate flavor and the cream filling isn't as easily tasted or rather it wasn't possible to isolate the flavor of the cream from the chocolate but I didn't have a problem with this and neither did either of my grandsons.<br /><br />My oldest grandson ate almost two 100 calories packs of the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters minus one or approximately 167 calories.  He enjoyed eating them and even gave Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters his `lick of approval' to the wrapper they came in!<br /><br />My youngest grandson isn't able to communicate effectively verbally (he's special needs) but I considered his dedication to eating his Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters as a sign of approval as seen through his chocolate face and intensity as he ate his 100 calorie pack plus the one loose one from his older brother or his approximately 134 calories.<br /><br />I definitely give the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters a thumbs up.  I believe that I really got a true sense of how good they tasted from my two 100 calorie packs or 200 calories worth of Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters that I ate. I honestly didn't mean to eat both 100 calorie packs but that last one was sitting there calling my name and my adult daughter was not home yet so, I ate it.  But luckily I know that all I had was 200 calories which in the grand scheme of things is not too bad at all!<br /><br />I like the fact that the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are presented as a 100 calorie pack.  I found the thought comforting especially since I ate two packages of them!  I even found it fun to know how many calories my grandsons were consuming of them too!!  I am diabetic and overweight besides so knowing the calorie count is a good thing for me.  I think the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are good for a small chocolatey treat when you just want something sweet and chocolate but you don't want to overindulge.<br /><br />If I have any complaint about the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters, it would be that they are too small!!  But since that is actually part of their appeal, I don't consider their small size a problem.<br /><br />I do recommend Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters for anyone who wants a small and controlled portion of a chocolate treat because they are the perfect size to keep you in control of your diet instead of letting the chocolate treat control you.
I love Oreos but hate the filling.  These prevent me from having to scape the filling out and they're good for you - calorie wise.
These things are NOTHING like Oreos.You think wow Oreos. Think again. I would say spend your money on something better (the Hershey's or Reese's crisp wafer bars come to mind). My honest view on these "thin crisps" cookies is that they have a little more flavor than a communion wafer, or milk bones.
To be honest with you, I got these at a store. You think wow chocolate chips, and Oreos. Think again.For those that think these are so good, I would recommend the Hershey's or Reese's crisp wafer bars. My honest view on these "thin crisps" cookies is that they have a little more flavor than a communion wafer, or milk bones.
These things are low cal oreo's: minus the creme, minus the cookie! The title "oreo" is basically a total misnomer. These are nothing but black crackers with some sugar. If that is what you want, then click purchase.
These arrived in the middle of May and they have an expiration date of the first week of July. This means I have to eat a lot of these in the next few weeks! Just beware if you're planning on stocking up for the future...the future will get here very soon with these!<br /><br />It's also interesting that the box inside the Amazon box says "For internal use only". I'm not sure what that's about!
They all taste really good. It comes in Mango, Strawberry, and Red Bean. They are each individually wrapped so you only have to eat one at a time. There are 20 of each flavor as well. When I finish this canister I plan on buying another. *^^*
Well, when I bought this item....I thought it would be a direct Japan import.  It is Taiwanese.<br />It was bought at Costco and resold....(the price label was still the product.)<br /><br />The product can be bought at Costco for half the price...if not less.<br /><br />The expiration date was not printed on the product....which makes me think it was expired.<br />I believe this as most of the mochi is dry and tough..<br /><br />Will shy away from this product.
you can find the sogo sweet rice mochi at Costco now, just 7bucks sth<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0042TR2WE">Sogo Sweet Rice Cakes Japanese Style Mochi Assorted Flavor Cannister</a>
I got this after a mention in the NY Times and immediately became an addict.  It's a little hot but not too much, and it has an amazing depth of flavor -- a lot more than the plain version.  I use it in chicken salad to cut back on the amount of mayo, to add flavor to blah soups and as a substitute for a lot of the oil in salad dressings.  A little bit over steamed veggies and added to yogurt over baked potatoes (instead of sour cream) is also great.
My aged cat has a very sensitive stomach and she cannot eat most cat foods available. However, she has absoloutely no problems with this. Not once in all the months i've been feeding her this has she ever vomited in any way. Not to mention she's acting healthier and seems stronger on this brand.<br /><br />And she easily eats this dry without having to add any wet food to make it palatable. She clearly likes the taste.<br /><br />All in all I highly recommend this to anyone with a senior cat.
I don't know why Science Diet is being referred to as junk food, as it is one of the higher quality foods on the market. A lot of the new organic and natural cat foods are not as healthy for pets as they are cracked up to be. But regardless, my veterinarian wanted me to put my 2 year old cat on a prescription food because of the high count of crystals in her urine. After some comparisons, Science Diet Mature Adult active longevity is the closest to the prescription food. Both my cats, the younger one and the older (10) are on this food and they seem to enjoy it. They both graze all day and are indoor cats so i try my best not to overfeed them. My younger cat has not had issues with her urine since she went on this food and we are all happy :)
This comes in a case of 24 so I bought one can locally before ordering the large amount.  Good move!  I have 3 cats and none of them would eat it. This review is for the mature gourmet beef entree. Haven't tried the other favors yet.
I feed Hills Science diet to my pet because I love him and the vet tells me I should. But in all honesty, this product has what is quite certainly the worst snap-lock reseal that I have ever encountered. It is painfully difficult to get it to close properly; and even when it is resealed as best it can be there are still gaps on the side that allow air in to oxidize the product.<br /><br />Packaging IS important. It is no better for your pet to live on stale, oxidized food than it would be for you. Oxidized fats are also called rancid. If you imagine how healthy a rancid diet is for a human... well, you get the idea. This is about more than just inconvenience.<br /><br />I am posting this review for all the Hills Science diet products with this kind of packaging. If you have had the same experience as me with this product, please take the time to let this company know about it.<br /><br />I love my animal. I want to keep feeding him what the vet tells me is good for him. But this quite literally the worst reseal that I have ever had the misfortune to encounter.<br /><br />Theo.
This review will make me sound really stupid, but whatever. I don't really care as long as people find out what's real and can avoid my mistakes.<br /><br />I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old. She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap. I have had cats around me my entire life, for about twenty-five years now. My mother always just fed them whatever, the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies, Nine Lives, Kit & Kaboodle, stuff like that. And our cats were always fine, at least in terms of their eating habits. They would eat in the morning, stop when they were done, come back, and eat some more when they got hungry.<br /><br />My housemate at the time was working for Hill's and assured me that this was the best food ever made, so great, so on and so forth. I now know that she is an utter buffoon, but I initially trusted her judgment, which is so unfortunate because she doesn't think. She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags, which made it a much more attractive choice.<br /><br />I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl, but that didn't work, as she would devour it in one sitting. So then I took to measuring it, and she did the same thing. Then I started parsing it out to twice a day. That didn't work either, because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day, running around, intentionally destroying things, deliberately spilling her water, crying, etc., until she got more food. So then I split it into three servings. Same thing. Then it got to be four servings. That was a little better, but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times. So then it went back to three. All the while, I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby. Reducing was hell. She became even more hungry, but I figured she would get used to it. Not really.<br /><br />For over a year, she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way, knocking things off my desk, ripping up any paper she could find, scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief. As soon as she got food, she was back to her sweet self, but only for three or four hours.<br /><br />We thought she was bored, we thought she was a little nutty, and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder. She always wanted food. It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.<br /><br />A few weeks back, we took her to a new (good, non-money factory) vet for her second checkup since I've had her. I talked with him about her being always hungry. He asked what she ate, and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet. Without saying as much, he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else. He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients. Science Diet does, in a very loose, by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust. Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it "healthy," instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning. Not that I care about spending money on the Bean, but this food is way too expensive for what it is.<br /><br />So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago. She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness (you really shouldn't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue) but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE. It's amazing. And it's 100 percent because she is eating real food now, along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her. We have her down to eating twice a day, only 1/3 cup in TOTAL. She was eating three times a day, 5/8 of a cup in total. Now she eats some in the morning, walks away, eats some more a few hours later, and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding. No more knocking things over, no more trashing Dad's papers on the desk, no more howling, no more deliberately spilled water on the floor. It's incredible.<br /><br />I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long. We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever. But no, she was genuinely hungry because she wasn't eating any real food.<br /><br />Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients, things you would eat - Wellness, Halo, Innova, Evo, whatever. Figure it out for yourself, but please don't feed your cat this. It's garbage.
This is the perfect food for my cat & in fact, the only one she will eat - wet or dry.
We have five cats - one an elderly cat of 15 years, the other four in the 9-11 year range.  The oldest cat was diagnosed a couple of months ago with the beginning stages of chronic kidney disease.  His numbers didn't warrant being on prescription food yet, but we needed to start paying attention to things like protein and phosphorus levels in his food.  Because we have five cats, and some of them are nibblers eating four or five nuggets at a time, we decided to switch them all to an acceptable food for the oldest, so we picked the active longevity because it specifically mentioned kidney support and calories appropriate for less active older cats.<br /><br />Since we made the switch 6 weeks ago, all of the cats have gained weight.  This was fine for the little old guy as he was a bit underweight; not good for the rest of them.  Our other male went from a slightly chunky 18.5 lbs to an obese 21.25 lbs - almost three pounds in 6 weeks!  The 3 females gained between 1.5 to 2 pounds each.  We noticed them making a lot more visits to the food bowl, like they couldn't seem to get full.  We also saw a lessening of coat quality - lots of shedding even though they are brushed regularly (including with a furminator) and one developed bad dandruff.  The stools developed a really bad odor, although I do have to say nobody developed diarrhea which I am grateful for.  Most worrisome was that the lab results on the old guy came back with some of the kidney values of concern having worsened.<br /><br />I am very disgusted with Science Diet - they are actively fooling the public with the nutritional claims on the bags. One of the sites I researched on for chronic renal failure has charts detailing the nutritional breakdown of most of the various foods available.  If you compare the various Science diet formulae that have different health claims on them - the nutritional values for the components listed are all within a tenth of a point or two.  Basically from the nutritional analysis it appears that they are  the same base formula with maybe a slight difference in a vitamin or additive.  With other brands, such as innova or royal canin, there appears to be an actual difference between the different formulae.<br /><br />Now to deal with the weight gain, as well as the other problems we noted, we are switching foods again.  This time we are trying royal canin indoor mature.  Wish us luck.
Although this seems like a great product it is definitely not minced.  The cans say it is minced but it isn't, it is ground beef.  My cat ONLY likes minced.  Not chunks, not ground.  Although she will eat ground cat food sometimes, it has to be inviting and delicious, yet she just walks away from this.<br /><br />I hate it when the packaging lies about the contents of a product.  The shipping was speedy and the value is great (as long as they deliver what the promise) now I am stuck with food my cat wont eat at all.
I ordered this because it is Science Diet and it says it is minced. Well, it is NOT minced and my cats do not like it. It is more of a pate than minced and gets mashed down in their bowl so they can't eat it. I am very unhappy with this product and my cats are too. Will not be buying it again. Returning it would be not worth it as the shipping charges are taken out of the balance so I would be losing money.
We have five cats - one an elderly cat of 15 years, the other four in the 9-11 year range.  The oldest cat was diagnosed a couple of months ago with the beginning stages of chronic kidney disease.  His numbers didn't warrant being on prescription food yet, but we needed to start paying attention to things like protein and phosphorus levels in his food.  Because we have five cats, and some of them are nibblers eating four or five nuggets at a time, we decided to switch them all to an acceptable food for the oldest, so we picked the active longevity because it specifically mentioned kidney support and calories appropriate for less active older cats.<br /><br />Since we made the switch 6 weeks ago, all of the cats have gained weight.  This was fine for the little old guy as he was a bit underweight; not good for the rest of them.  Our other male went from a slightly chunky 18.5 lbs to an obese 21.25 lbs - almost three pounds in 6 weeks!  The 3 females gained between 1.5 to 2 pounds each.  We noticed them making a lot more visits to the food bowl, like they couldn't seem to get full.  We also saw a lessening of coat quality - lots of shedding even though they are brushed regularly (including with a furminator) and one developed bad dandruff.  The stools developed a really bad odor, although I do have to say nobody developed diarrhea which I am grateful for.  Most worrisome was that the lab results on the old guy came back with some of the kidney values of concern having worsened.<br /><br />I am very disgusted with Science Diet - they are actively fooling the public with the nutritional claims on the bags. One of the sites I researched on for chronic renal failure has charts detailing the nutritional breakdown of most of the various foods available.  If you compare the various Science diet formulae that have different health claims on them - the nutritional values for the components listed are all within a tenth of a point or two.  Basically from the nutritional analysis it appears that they are  the same base formula with maybe a slight difference in a vitamin or additive.  With other brands, such as innova or royal canin, there appears to be an actual difference between the different formulae.<br /><br />Now to deal with the weight gain, as well as the other problems we noted, we are switching foods again.  This time we are trying royal canin indoor mature.  Wish us luck.
This review will make me sound really stupid, but whatever. I don't really care as long as people find out what's real and can avoid my mistakes.<br /><br />I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old. She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap. I have had cats around me my entire life, for about twenty-five years now. My mother always just fed them whatever, the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies, Nine Lives, Kit & Kaboodle, stuff like that. And our cats were always fine, at least in terms of their eating habits. They would eat in the morning, stop when they were done, come back, and eat some more when they got hungry.<br /><br />My housemate at the time was working for Hill's and assured me that this was the best food ever made, so great, so on and so forth. I now know that she is an utter buffoon, but I initially trusted her judgment, which is so unfortunate because she doesn't think. She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags, which made it a much more attractive choice.<br /><br />I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl, but that didn't work, as she would devour it in one sitting. So then I took to measuring it, and she did the same thing. Then I started parsing it out to twice a day. That didn't work either, because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day, running around, intentionally destroying things, deliberately spilling her water, crying, etc., until she got more food. So then I split it into three servings. Same thing. Then it got to be four servings. That was a little better, but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times. So then it went back to three. All the while, I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby. Reducing was hell. She became even more hungry, but I figured she would get used to it. Not really.<br /><br />For over a year, she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way, knocking things off my desk, ripping up any paper she could find, scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief. As soon as she got food, she was back to her sweet self, but only for three or four hours.<br /><br />We thought she was bored, we thought she was a little nutty, and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder. She always wanted food. It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.<br /><br />A few weeks back, we took her to a new (good, non-money factory) vet for her second checkup since I've had her. I talked with him about her being always hungry. He asked what she ate, and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet. Without saying as much, he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else. He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients. Science Diet does, in a very loose, by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust. Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it "healthy," instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning. Not that I care about spending money on the Bean, but this food is way too expensive for what it is.<br /><br />So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago. She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness (you really shouldn't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue) but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE. It's amazing. And it's 100 percent because she is eating real food now, along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her. We have her down to eating twice a day, only 1/3 cup in TOTAL. She was eating three times a day, 5/8 of a cup in total. Now she eats some in the morning, walks away, eats some more a few hours later, and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding. No more knocking things over, no more trashing Dad's papers on the desk, no more howling, no more deliberately spilled water on the floor. It's incredible.<br /><br />I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long. We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever. But no, she was genuinely hungry because she wasn't eating any real food.<br /><br />Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients, things you would eat - Wellness, Halo, Innova, Evo, whatever. Figure it out for yourself, but please don't feed your cat this. It's garbage.
I made the mistake of believing that Science Diet was the best choice for my cat after the woman at the animal shelter mentioned it as the food they use. After doing some research I realized that Science Diet is no better than any grocery store generic brand or Iams (I would NOT recommend ANY of these options).<br /><br />The main ingredients are Chicken By-Product and Corn. Here are some interesting facts: Cat's can't digest corn...in fact, they are obligatory carnivores and only eat up until the point of reaching optimal nutrition. When I fed my cat the science diet he ate ALL THE TIME, constantly. After switching him over to Castor and Pollux Indoor Cat Formula he eats much less now.<br /><br />Also, By-Product means just that...beaks, feathers, toe-nail clippings, meat not suitable for human consumption, dead animals, etc. -- Totally not worth the $$$ ...it's cheaper just to dig in the trash and puree it yourself (doesn't sound so appealing does it??). Science Diet is notorious for implying superior quality products when they are in fact no better than all the other terrible pet food you find. Don't let your vet fool you either- vets usually get a 40% cut from Hill's to sell you their cat food.<br /><br />My recommendation is to use common sense and to do some research. Try brands like Newmans Own or Castor and Pollux as they have wholesome ingredients and a proven track record.<br /><br />I later called the shelter only to hear that they are required to feed the animals Science Diet as it is donated and they have a special arrangement with Petsmart to house their animals in their in store adoption centers. A requirement is to exclusively feed Science Diet to the animals.<br /><br />TRY THIS INSTEAD: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BCUBZ0">Castor & Pollux Ultramix Indoor Feline Fomula Dry Cat Food, 15-Pound Bag</a>
This food is working well for my 19 1/2 year-old-cat with kidney problems.  But I can't find any info on how many cans are included for this price?  I'm guessing 24 cans based on shipping weight and the price, but I won't buy without better info.
A friend brought a bag of this tea back from a trip to Taiwan, and shared it with his coworkers. I was amazed when I drank my first cup. The best word to describe the mouth feel is buttery. It's a wonderful, clear and elegant tasting tea. I've never had anything like it, and can't wait for it to become available. Everyone he shared it with wants to buy some. A Japanese friend who has been drinking green tea all her life said it was a special experience to taste this tea. Please offer it soon!
Sent this as a gift, and found out later that many items were stale.  They loved the thought, though, and loved the way it looked.
BEST coffee I have ever tasted.<br /><br />My wife, neighbors and friends are all CRAZY over Jamaican Me Crazy!!!<br /><br />You must try it!!!
I love coffee anytime of day. But sensibly I drink decaffienated coffee during afternoon and evening hours. And a flavored coffee is a real treat. But some can be overpowering. This "Jamaican Me Crazy" flavor not only suits my personality(HA), it is very pleasing to the palate. The flavoring is very subtle while allowing the full flavor of the coffee to be enjoyed. And oh, the aroma is delicious! Both while grinding the beans and brewing the coffee. I will definitely purchase this again.
I was looking for a wheel. You know, like the one sitting at the bar at a restaurant. I wanted to offer some broken pieces along with olives, pepperoni, and some prosciutto.  All for a New Years eve party. Well it was not a wheel - thank goodness because it was half a wheel and at 20 pounds for the half wheel, 40 pounds would have been way too much. The flavor was excellent, just enough of bite.  The creaminess of the cheese really came through and was a perfect balance. I broke up the half wheel into thirds and decorated a tray with a cascading effect of broken pieces. It was all well received with the choices of red wine. There was more than enough, which has allowed me to enjoy the flavors for other favorite dishes for a couple of more weeks. I am looking forward to ordering this again - Super Bowl is right around the corner. It is big, so make sure you can carry and store this quantity. As far as cost, I thought it was a great deal since it seemed to have much less rind than what we purchase elsewhere. The cost per pound may be average, but the amount of actual usable cheese is there with the great flavor.
absolutely delicious  have tried it on everything from meat and fish to scrambled eggs highly recommend it
I did not know anything about chutney until I went on a known recipe cite and found out that they mix the fruit with peppers and vinegar! I thought chutney was a different form of Marmalade but I was wrong!
i have started the extraction process less than a month ago, and so far it looks and smell wonderful. waiting to try it.i have put 6 oz in 1.75 liters of vodka and now have a beautiful brown fluid that as i stated earlier smells wonderful. I plan on using the other 2 oz. in some homemade vanilla frozen icecream etc.
Wifey bought these for me for Christmas.  I used to work with a guy who would bring still warm home roasted peanuts to work.  After he left I wanted to try it myself.  These were great. 25 minutes in the oven with one stir and they are done. They taste better than any grocery store peanuts ever could.  I might shell some of them and try honey roasting too.  I see a lot of people boil them, what are boiled peanuts like?  You don't see them up here in RI and I've never tried them.
Same great taste as the honeybush tea bags, but so much more green!  Thank you for packaging this in bulk!
We use this in place of sugar for almost everything.  It has a light flavor, sort of similar to honey without the crystallization and the strong flavor.  The best part is the lack of sugar highs and crashes due to its lower glycemic index.
I was truly amazed at how great this product is. The flavor is everything that you can expect from a sweetner that is this pure! I will be ordering it again and I will try the other flavors as well!
Buy these cookies. You will not regret it.<br /><br />They are, hands down, the best store-bought chocolate cookies out there, and I buy every new brand that comes out (from Mrs Fields to all the permuatations offerred by Pepperidge Farms).<br /><br />These are much better than Entenmann's recent incarnation of "new recipe" chocolate chip cookies, the milk chocolate chip and "soft baked" chocolate chip cookies. Both of these newer cookie species are awful: the milk chocolate tastes like rotting bananas and the cookie part tastes like all the other crappy store-bought soft cookies out there.<br /><br />In contrast, Entenmann's Original Recipe chocolate cookie is a mind-blowing experience: delicious dark chocolate chips and a soft mouth-watering cookie with a unique but ineffable taste. They seem to have perfected the ratio of flour to sugar, so that the cookie is delicious without weighing you down with excessive sugary sweetness (this is again in contrast to their horrible new cookies).<br /><br />I have absolutely no idea why Entenmann's decided to nearly eliminate their sales of the classical recipe and replace it with these disgusting brands. It seems to have happened when the Entenmann name was bought by a larger multinational company, so it was probably a money-saving opportunity. The Original Recipe cookies likely have expensive ingredients.<br /><br />The only problem is they are so hard to find: thank goodness they are now on Amazon!!!
I received this box with great anticipation since they don't sell these on the west coast. I got the package, opened the box and was EXTREMELY disappointed. The cookies looked like a gorilla shook the box to death and left most of the box filled with crumbs. AND THERE WAS A RODENT SIZED HOLE ON THE SIDE OF THE BOX!!!!!!!! So, needless to say I will not NOT be reordering these again.
I found Wild Thymes many years ago and have continued to use their products - the Lemon Salad Refresher is my favorite salad dressing, it is light, now cal, and very tasty. Excellent on any green or pasta salad and especially good on fresh Heirloom tomatoes with fresh avocado slices. Yum! Their Customer Service is excellent and helpful, and the site shares some great recipes as well. I'm a fan.
The shipping was very fast, but so was the expiration date.... got it on Feb. 14, 2012 expiration is April 4, 2012 (only 6 weeks before it expires).  Who can eat so much seaweed in such a short time??????  I should have returned it, but who wants to go through all the trouble.  Well I stuffed it all in the freezer and hope it will be still eatable.  That's what you get when you order food online.  I will not order it again!!!!
I have purchased these though a local source for four dollars for a pack of eight. If you are not sensitive to MSG then these are a delicious alternative to other salty snacks. The seasoning is tasty and the thin sheets of seaweed are lite and crispy! I eat them two or three packs at a time...25 calories per. Love them!
I was disappointed when I received this shipment, as the seaweed contains MSG, and it's not listed as an ingredient.<br />Amazon was very gracious and refunded me the amount of purchase.
My little ones love seaweed and rice and this seaweed did not disappoint.<br />other brands are too oily or salty or not enough.  This one though is just right.<br />I would be buying it again... and again.
Great for sushi, or for use with Korean kim-bob, or maybe just as a snack. Lightly salted, great crunch, and will support, rice, beef, pork, even fish.<br />Or a vegetable or two.
I found this stuff to be very tasty, great with jasmine rice or just as a snack. I don't mind a little MSG if it enhances the flavor.
This coffee was really good.  Been trying to find it in New York, but haven't been able to.  I think it's worth the few extra bucks to get it delivered.  I've ordered twice now and each time the coffee comes fresh and still very aromatic.  Also, I think the caffeine content is pretty high, as I'm more awake on this brand then other brands like starbucks and fairway market brands.
My local Walmart and Target both have this, ground or whole bean, at a regular price of less than $9 per 12 oz. bag. It's WAY overpriced here.<br /><br />It is an excellent coffee - I'm drinking it as I write this: an interesting hint of woody, creamy, citrusy taste that's dark but without the burnt aftertaste that comes with many dark roasts.
This is my family's favorite brand of wheat free gluten free cake mix. This brand is moist, tasty and closer to the traditional cake mixes  people are used to. Namaste products are the best in my opinion of what's available out there in health food stores. Try it! You won't be disappointed.
I ordered this thinking it would be a yellow cake mix.  It is a heavy cake and is brown. That said, it comes in handy to make streusel coffee cake, upside down cake and other augmented recipes because it is a basic mix and in those recipes the heaviness isn't a problem.  Plain cake though was disappointing.  So get creative instead.
I made cupcakes with the vanilla cake mix.  They were just ok.  They were dense, but not overly so.  So that wasn't too bad. The flavor, however, is where I was disappointed.  The vanilla flavor was so subtle that I missed it entirely, and I felt like there needed to be a little more sweetness (which probably would have also made them a bit more moist). The child I made them for only ate a few bites.
I tried vanilla cake mix and pizza crust mix and was disappoined in both.  They had a medicinal bitter taste and even smelled strange.  I threw both items away.
I added 3 tbsp of sugar and half tsp of pure vanilla and a pinch of alum  free baking powder and  coconut oil for oil  and it came out soo good. My son loved it . I liked it too. The fact that it's all the major allergens free makes it better.
Excellent for GF.  Not bad on it's own but I have used it as a basis for coconut cake, pineapple upside down cake, tres leches cake and others.
I think Namaste Gluten Free Spice Cake Mix is their best but vanilla cake is pretty good,too. I especially like it with whipped cream and strawberry sauce with a dash of ground orange peel. In my oven,the mix bakes better in muffin cups or a muffin pan than in a rectangular pan.
I've made these twice in cupcake form, topped with red jam and powdered sugar. Of course it doesn't taste like a normal vanilla cake... more grainy in texture, with a subtle sweetness, and some  spice.<br />But I think they are super tasty. They didn't suffer from the weird chewy texture I often run into with rice-flour based mixes. Also used EnerG egg replacer with no problem.
I used this mix to make a 9x13 cake in a glass pan using grapeseed oil, spring water, and free range eggs.  I thought the cake had a nice flavor to it but it was not what I was expecting.  I was craving a white cake (like wedding cake) and went to my local store to find something wheat-free, gluten-free and dairy-free; I purchased this vanilla cake mix.  I think it is a very good mix.  I couldn't really taste the vanilla flavor but thought it had a nice flavor.  The cake is yellow, dense (but not like a pound cake) and texture-y like brown rice has more texture than white rice.  I thought the sweetness was just right.  I think I would purchase again but would make pineapple upside down cake with it.
This mix allowed my little one to have cupcakes at his second birthday party.  They turned out great and with some homemade vanilla icing, they were a hit with everyone!  I even used Ener G's egg replacer to replace the multiple eggs the mix calls for.  One hint, bake for almost the maximum time on the directions.  They come out golden brown and moist.
The chocolate cake is fantastic, so I had reason to think that this would be as well - not the case.  It was very dense & tasteless - totally unlike the airy, tasty chocolate.<br />I want my money back or an even exchange for the chocolate cake mix.
This tea is hard to find - it was a joy to find it on Amazon.<br /><br />Large package -6 full size boxes arrive all for enjoyment!<br /><br />Sugar plum is a delicious, sweet, warm, feel good tea. Reminding you of Christmas. It has that spice palate of warm hibiscus, barley, rosehips. I think what I like most of all is the sweet aromatic taste. One of those tastes that makes you feel taken care of - a special treat when you are little. Like when mom or dad would make you hot coco or something you like that was so sweet and rare and ONLY on those special occations.<br /><br />I adore this tea and rather drink anyother tea.<br />I am so happy to have found it!
This tea makes me sleep better than sleepy time tea. The taste is also pretty good. I make mine very concentrated<br />with less than 3 ounces of hot  water and I cover the mug top with a plate and wrap a towel around the whole thing<br />and let it sit for as long as I can before I drink it.
This tea smells and tastes like Christmas! This has always been my family's favorite tea for children's (and big kid's) tea parties.
I began purchasing this tea years ago and looked forward to it each year. For the past two years I was unable to locate it in my local stores so I was elated to find it at Amazon. It tastes like cinnamon and red candy apples to me. I love it!
So glad to have found this tea...it's my absolute holiday favorite!  Thanks for the fast shipping too!
****<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings' Sugar Plum Spice is a delightful holiday tea. It contains hibiscus, roasted barley malt, roasted chicory root, rosehips, chamomile flowers, natural plum flavor with other natural flavors, ginger root, roasted carob, and cardamom. It does not contain caffeine, so it's technically an herbal tea.<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings has been around a long time, and makes quality teas. All of their teas are free of preservatives and artificial colorings and flavorings, all are certified Kosher and none use irradiated botanicals, which I appreciate. Although they use "natural flavors" in their teas, these natural flavors are derived primarily from fruits, spices and herbs, and never contain monosodium glutamate (MSG). They use environmentally conscious packaging and sustainable sourcing. To remove the caffeine from green and black teas, they use a process called "effervescent decaffeination" (using carbon dioxide). Celestial Seasonings justifiably takes pride in being a company that makes natural teas.<br /><br />On the package, Celestial Seasonings writes, "Take a sip of Sugar Plum Spice and journey with us to the Land of the Sweets in Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker. Here you'll find gingerbread houses, trees laden with sugar plums and days filled with sunshine. This is the land of the Sugar Plum Fairy, who is beautiful, gentle and kind. We created this tea to pay tribute to her. Sugar Plum Spice is made with 100% natural herbs and the festive flavors of plum and spice, with just a hint of sweetness." This tea is slightly sweet and full bodied, tasting just as you would expect from the description. The cardamom and ginger give it a little zing. Each tea bag packs a lot of flavor and I only need to use one at a time.<br /><br />I recommend it, even if it's not a holiday. It's perfect for a cold or wet winter day.<br /><br />****
It's hard to rate tea. It's very good tea, but tea nonetheless. However, the company that sells this particular tea was very nice to deal with. They shipped the tea very quickly. I'll most likely buy from them again when the need arises.
The fortune cookies were shipped immediately and were packed well, i.e. none arrived broken.  The cookie was delicious and the fortunes were classic chinese (and not the modern version).
My daughter's Kindergarten class celebrated Chinese New Year and we were in charge of providing the fortune cookies.  This company had a prompt delivery and the cookies were a great success.  Her teacher commented on how funny the fortunes were for the kindergartens.
I brought these cookies as a "dish to pass" at my family Christmas get together. they were a hit. The cookies were fresh, and unbroken. packaging was well done, and delivery was prompt. my sisters had fun with the fortunes, by adding the phrase, "while in bed" after reading each fortune.<br /><br />I will use the Amazon vendor, "House of Rice" again.
The cookies were kind of stail but other than that it was fast shipping and good packing the cookies weren't broken
My primary reason for ordering, was the picture had shown the cookies as green. I will acknowledge that the "Important Information" heading listed a warning that the actual product may be different, compared to what was shown. Aside from the color problem, they were shipped quickly, and properly. Only one or two broken cookies on arrival, but it's no big deal, I eat a few when they come in anyway. I'm not sure what flavor they are, but they are delicious, as per the description. If you're not picky on color, good value.
The cookie is crispy good and flavorful.  The fortunes are thoughtful, not the shallow ones we are seeing lately.(Be patient, even in time an egg will walk)  I received the quantity and quality I ordered.
I was expecting these cookies were going to be normal size but i was wrong!  i was planning on dipping them in chocolates but they r not those average size at all! So disappointed! I now have to go out n find the normal size cookies. What a  waste of money. I also needed 50 but 20 of them were broken. They do not put fragile on the box outside.
I ordered these fortune cookies as rewards for my students each time they passed a multiplication test (to go along with the theme "Fortunately we know our math facts").  The majority of the cookies arrived still in tact.  I understand that with shipping there are bound to be a few broken cookies.  I am very please with the product and the customer service.  I will definitely be ordering again in the future and will make sure I refer my family and friends to this business.
Reading in earlier reviews that these were genuine chinese fortunes, I served them with a chinese Christmas dinner and was greatly disappointed, as were my guests.  Three sample fortunes are:  "Life is not a struggle.  It's a wiggle."  "Management is doing things right: leadership is doing the right things."  "If you're feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work."  These are not fortunes, they are self-help mini-bites.  A fortune is:  "Your love of travel will soon be satisfied," and it doesn't matter if they are predictive or not.  What matters is that they state a fortune.  "Beware the dog in the corner house," would be fun to get.  "Life is a wiggle" is boring.<br />The cookies arrived on schedule, as promised, and in good condition in their individual wrappers.  All of that was as I'd hoped.  But content counts, in fortune cookies especially.
I am very pleased with this product. I almost did not buy them because they looked green on my computer, but when I received them they were the normal tan color that most of them are.
This is the second time I have ordered this product.  I was happy enough the first time to place an order again.  Cookies were fine and delivery was very quick. Thank you.
Well packed. Few are broken but it is understandable. The cookies are tasty and the notes are interesting. My friends and I really enjoyed it! Thx!
Great Product, fast shipment,the food product tasted great. none of the fortune cookies where opened.  i would buy again from this seller!
I bought these as a gift for my sister, I was so excited to see that they arrived in great condition. My sister loved them!
These cookies were a big hit at our progressive New Year's Eve dinner.  Everyone enjoyed reading their fortune each time we arrived at another house. They really kept the party moving...
This is a great product, however, you can buy it in a salumeria in Brooklyn, NY for $9.99.  Frank & Sal on 18th Avenue--Brooklyn. And I'm editing my review because amazon assigned me the profile name "LIAR LIAR." Animals! I was only stating a fact about what a rip-off the site is.  In the future ,Amazonn please don't call me a liar. That's not nice you stupid thieves.
Bought as a Christmas present. Smells like a milk shake. I might have to try it, might make a coffee drinker out of me!
Amazing! My roommate brought this home because it was on sale and at first I just gave it a shrug. Within a week I was adding it to every combination of bread, peanut-butter, muffins, sauces, meats I had in my kitchen-- guiltily apologizing to my roommate as I scooped and slathered away. Anything I added it to, even if it seemed strange was immediately transformed into something wonderfully delicious. Even sweetening my tea and coffee with it had me in bliss. Needless to say, the jar was emptied quickly. I went back to the store to try stock up but they were all sold out and I haven't been able to find anything like it since. Please MacKays! bring your deliciousness back, I have a long life ahead of me and I've only just discovered you!!
I bought this for my sister for christmas...she loved it, but was afraid she'd eat all of it at once, so she took the box to work.  Within 1 hour, it was finished by all her interns!
This tastes just like Wint-O-Green Life Savers. It's a hard, sweet, crunchy ring, with a minty flavor. That pretty much describes it. It's a crunchy mint shaped like a ring.
This is good popcorn, I have purchased before in Hawaii.  I was happy to see that I can order online.  However, I purchase the 20 pack and they overstuffed the box.  There is no bubble wrap or any type of wrapping around the individual packages before they put it into the box.  They choose a small box that can barely fix all twenty packages.  It is overstuffed to the point that the box is no longer squared, but rounded somewhat.  The postal service does not treat the package with care, so when it arrived, there was a wet stain.  When we opened it, two packages had been damaged, and the butter leaked all over all the other packages.  We had to spend a long time washing all the packages, because they are all greasy.  The greasiness does not wash off easily even with soap.  Now when eating them, some of the other packages of popcorn got water in them because of the washing, they are not air-tight packages.  So when popping them, there are a lot of unpopped kernels.  They should use bigger boxes and wrap it better.
Okay, not like the butter most people would expect, but a very smooth, full and slightly savory vegetal flavor. The first time you take a sip, you might not notice it, but let it sit in your mouth a bit before swallowing and then take another sip. The more you drink it, the more it will become apparent. It is very soothing to the pallet.<br /><br />Jin Xuan Golden Lily Oolong from Summit Tea Company it a good if not great tea, especially for the price and quantity you get. A solid every day drinker. It is not as complex as some that I've had, but that could be due to how long ago it was harvested and a number of other conditions. Depending on how you brew it, a serving of these leaves is good for 4-5 infusions before the flavor wanes, making it an even better value. And even then, the broth is soft and sweet.<br /><br />If you like your Oolongs more on the green side, then you should give it a try. I know I'll be ordering another tin.
I eat these tuna cups (or the salmon cups) almost daily.<br /><br />If you're looking for a nutritious snack, these cups really can't be beat.  If you're a bodybuilder or athlete trying to increase your daily protein intake, these are awesome.  If you're a parent trying to get your kid to eat healthy, getting them to like fish is a great idea.  If you're trying to eat 5-7 meals a day to lose weight, make one of these cups one of your meals, the protein fills you up and makes you feel good.  It also requires a bit of chewing to complete the eating experience.<br /><br />Why eat a nutritionally empty "100 calorie pack" of goldfish crackers or potato chips when you could have something like this that has only 80 calories and infinitely more nutritional benefit??<br /><br />I'll eat these alone, straight from the cup, basically anywhere since you don't need to refridgerate and you don't need a can opener.  I'll dump them onto salad, or mix with rice, quinoa, or beans.<br /><br />Here's the nutrition data off the back (for 1 2.7oz cup) at the time of writing:<br /><br />Calories 80 (10 from fat)<br />Total Fat 1g<br />Cholesterol 35mg<br />Sodium 15mg<br />Total Carb 0g<br />Protein 18g<br />Omega-3 EPA/DHA 200mg<br /><br />You really can't beat this for something so portable that requires no preparation or refridgeration.  The package says "in water" but there's a little bit of broth in the cup, and if you squeeze this out or just leave it at the bottom of the cup, you probably cut the sodium down to 10mg.<br /><br />I highly recommend these tuna cups and the salmon cups as well.  But, avoid the tuna salad, or the flavored varieties if you are looking to get the maximum nutritional benefit.  Those salads and flavorings just add salt, sugar, carbs.
Although I prefer to get my tuna in the foil packages, what I had ordered appears to no longer be available through Amazon so I tried these and they are handy and pretty goo eating for one.  Toss on a salad, or use on bread or toast to add good quality protein.
Cats are such finicky eaters some times.  My old lady kitty does not like the canned cat foods, but she always went nuts whenever I'd open a can of tuna for myself.  So I gave her some one time.  These Tuna Cups are a great way to keep the tuna fresh enough over a few days, and good for travel.<br /><br />Same items can be purchased at grocery store, but buying in quantity through Amazon saves some $$.  Thank you
When I'm working, I always carry my own lunch. It's so much better than the food court, and I have much better regulation of my nutrient intake. Finding items having high protein without high fat is the most difficult task. Tuna is excellent and these little Chicken of the Sea White Tuna Cups fill the bill. Put one in the lunch with a few fresh fruit and veggie items and perhaps a few dried fruits and nuts. It's good nutrition, and there's no worry about weight gain. Also, when I'm camping, I like to take a batch of these tuna cups along. In both cases, the cup size just the right for one serving.<br /><br />I had a minor problem with the latest tuna cups, and it might be just a batch problem. My latest tuna was very dry. I almost had to choke it down. And it seemed rather tasteless. I've had these cups in the past and they seemed much better. I have not been satisfied with the present ones. However, I like the product and the serving size and It will not deter me from future purchases.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I keep a stack of these tuna cups at work, along with lemon juice and teriyaki sauce for variety.  They are low calorie, satisfying, and nutritious.  I'm sold on them-- now buy in bulk and keep on hand all the time!
If you want the best wild rice, buy the regular kind. This "quick cook" type is not near the taste quality of the regular/ 40 minute cook time rice.,
This is the best one. Bob's Red Mill doesn't hold a candle to this. It's fluffy, delicious. and doesn't stick to the pan.<br />I use 4:1 water to rice....Yum
I like to put wild rice in many dishes. This is a good buy and easy to drop into other rice dishes or soups.
I love portable electric corrals.  They are a fantastic option for containing horses while camping, etc.  They are easy to use, give your horse some walking around room,  don't require a level set-up area, are flexible for size/shape, and are  small enough to keep handy in your trailer's tack room.  I much prefer using these to portable panels, high-lining, tying to the trailer, etc.<br /><br />There are many portable corral kits on the market, all very similar with the same kinds of components.  (Except the Zareba EZEE, which is a different animal.)  So I'll give you a component-by-component rundown on the items in this kit.<br /><br />CHARGER - This kit comes with a charger that takes 2 D batteries.  I was leery of this, having had less-than-stellar performance from a 2D charger in the past.  But this one works pretty good, producing a reasonable strength zap with 100 feet of electric tape (with good grounding in damp, solid soil).  If your horse is already accustomed to and respectful of electric fencing, this should be sufficient.  The charger is easy to use, with the fence and ground terminals clearly marked.  The on-off switch is very accessible, and a light and an audible sound tell you when it's on.<br /><br />ELECTRIC TAPE --  This kit is advertised as coming with 200 feet of ½" tape.  My kit had only 100 feet.  100 feet is enough for one horse.  I don't know where they're coming with up the statement `perfect for containing 4-5 horses for short periods of time'.  No way, not even close, even if I had received the full 200 feet.  Of course, it's easy enough to pick up more electric tape at the farm store.  But beware that the more tape you add on, the less zap you'll get from your charger.  So I'm not sure if the 2D charger would be strong enough with 200 feet of tape.  The tape in this kit comes with a handle pre-installed.  It's a nice handle with a good feel to it, but it doesn't connect nicely to the posts.  I rigged up an extra little tape loop to hook the  handle to.<br /><br />STEP-IN POSTS - These are my favorite kind of step-in posts.  Each post has numerous clips to slide the tape through, so you can set at the right height.  It's very quick and easy to insert and remove the tape from the clips, making set-up and take-down easier.<br /><br />CORNER GUY LINES - This kit comes with some very nice corner guy lines and metal bracing stakes.  Honestly, I'll probably never use them.  With this style of fence, there usually isn't much (if any) tension on the posts, so  I've needed corner guy lines.  Why add to set-up and take-down time?  But if you prefer to use the corner guy lines, I think you'll like the ones in this kit.  They are nice quality adjustable lines, with metal stakes.<br /><br />WIRES, GROUND ROD, ETC -- Of course this kit contains the necessary wires to connect the charger to the fence, and the charger to ground.  The ground rod is a 12" pointed spike.  Nothing special here.<br /><br />CARRYING BAG - Oh my gosh, A+++ for this carrying bag!  The bag has one long skinny section for the posts, and a separate snap-off zipper tote for the other components.  Within the smaller bag, there  are separate compartments and elastic holders for each piece.  No more jumble of stuff!!!  I love it.  (One quibble - one of the step-in posts had pierced the bag during packing or shipping.  The bag is made of pretty heavy-duty fabric, but not quite heavy-duty enough to stand up to a pointed spike.  And the ends of the bag are not reinforced to avoid this problem.)<br /><br />All in all, this portable fence kit is about as good as any I've seen and would be a reasonable choice for anyone wanting a camping corral.  Just don't expect it to "contain 4-5 horses ", unless you're rotating those horses in and out one at a time.
Although I think this pen is great...I didn't receive the entire roll of polytape..even after calling customer service...and I think the height of the posts is misleading..hence the 3 stars.  If I wanted to buy a new energizer and more polytape then it would be great to own, as my review below states:<br /><br />Easy one-page instructions and everything fits nicely back inside the bag, without struggling...<br /><br />I needed this portable paddock for my goats because I have a lot of unfenced acreage beyond the barn area.  I was worried about the fence being suitable for goats so I called Customer Service...The rep went to a lot of trouble and checked this for me and said it would work fine for goats as well.  However, several days later, I called back and spoke to another rep and he said that goats needed much higher voltage.  This particular energizer is 3,000 volts and that goats needed 5,000 to 8,000 volts. But he said I could just buy another pulse type energizer and it would work with the tape that I have.  I have older, very mellow goats so the 3,000 volts are working so far.<br /><br />I have different breeds and therefore different heights of goats and one concern was that the clips on the post wouldn't be low enough to the ground for my mixed breed goats but on the post, it has clips all the way down so that the tape can be hung at various heights.  However, even though the post is listed as 4ft high, I measured and they are actually 47 1/8  inches tall and after you push the metal tip into the ground, you are left with a height of 38 inches.  The tape rests at the bottom of the top clip which holds the tape at 35 inches off the ground.  Seems awfully short for horses but I don't know anything about horses either.<br /><br />The instructions are clear and has helpful diagrams, making it all very easy to put together.  I did have problems at the end tying it to the last post.  I had to call Customer Service, and the rep said that you CANNOT unroll the whole spool of polytape if you are hanging it to the last post via the spool, which is per the instructions.  Since I had already unrolled it to the end, I had to tie the end of the polytape to the post or to the empty spool container, which he said was okay, but then it's not easy to untie that knot.<br /><br />In lieu of posts, you can hang the guy wire around trees and then slide the electric tape through the loop.  Guy wires, which are similar to tent stakes give the posts extra stability, but I saw no need for them at all since the clay soil held the posts very well.<br /><br />My ground is hard clay but the fence posts sunk in easily, despite that.  It had rained within the last week though so it may be different depending on the dryness of the soil.  The posts are sturdy, and strong enough to not break with normal use.  I did have gravel in some spots which made me have to relocate a few posts, since the tips would not go past them.<br /><br />There is no mention of the tape being allowed to touch weeds and grass, so I called Customer Service back to find that out. He said that that only a low impedance energizer can be used near grass and this energizer is NOT low impedance.  So, I had to mow where I wanted to put the fence to avoid any problems with grounding.  Not very practical when out on the road.<br /><br />Planning the fence was harder than I imagined because I couldn't make a perfect square and I thought I had measured correctly but still fell short of where I wanted the fence to end.  I then discovered that I was only given 126 feet of polytape rather than the 200 feet.  Doing a trial run of setting the fence up is recommended.<br /><br />I wanted something that was easy.  I'm a small middle-aged female and needed something that wasn't too much trouble so I could move it around without a lot of sweat and tears.  This is perfect for my goat situation if they had just sent me the correct length tape.  It seems too short for horses but I posted the measurements in case it helped someone who has horses.
This product is both effective and convenient. We were able to assemble it and have it working within 30 minutes. It worked great as a "maternity ward" for our alpaca millay and her new cria. We were able to give them some private time while not feeling as though they were separated from the herd. I highly recommend this product and will have many uses for it in the future! Please view our pictures we have provided in the customer photo section!!
This kit pulls together several standard components rather nicely. I am using it for supplemental grazing of horses, particularly to get small areas that are not permanently enclosed as pasture, but that get overgrown and/or delicious.<br /><br />I like it. Setup time, once you figure out the components, is about 15 minutes. It has all the pieces to make a very reasonable temporary electric corral - tape, posts, charger, ground, and gate hook.<br /><br />The 8 step-in posts are fairly standard: they have nice pointy metal stakes at the bottom that make them relatively easy to insert in moist ground. You probably can't get them into rock hard dry ground, but that's not a surprise. There are clips to give you flexibility in the fence height. But - you've probably seen them at the feed store - this kind of post is pretty short and will feel quite short compared to a normal horse fence.<br /><br />The kit is supposed to come with 200' of 1/2" electric tape. Mine (as a Vine kit) only had 100'. This is enough for one very well behaved horse in a 25x25 square. The tape is not much of a visual barrier, especially with only one strand. This is not a fence I'd trust for a problem horse or for long unattended periods. 200' would be enough for either two strands or to have a 50x50 square and would be a much better value of time spent to grazing time. 50 x 50 is still quite small and the fence is still not substantial. It would be straightforward to add tape, but adding distance also increases the load on the charger.<br /><br />The product description says 4-5 horses. I would not feel safe doing that. Two quiet horses who know each other well and are already familiar with electric fence, maybe three for very brief periods, if you had the 50 x 50 and were nearby or had a secure outer fence. For grazing, three horses would have the area mowed in just a couple of hours.<br /><br />The charger - which uses 2 D batteries - has plenty of zap new. I was pleased by how easy it was to work with. It has its own spike, allowing you to set it up away from the fence.  The connections are long enough that you can put it out of nose range. The grounding nail was easy to set up and pull out.<br /><br />I like that it comes with a simple corner bracing system. You can set it up without the corner braces, depending upon how tight you like your fence and how stiff the ground is. But when you need the braces, you're glad to have the option.<br /><br />The tape comes on a handy small spinning jenny, which is designed to hang on the fence when it is installed. It's a simple thing, and thoughtfully done. It makes it easy to unroll the fence when setting up, and easy to reroll when putting it away. There is no problem doing the whole setup and takedown by yourself.<br /><br />The hook for the gate isn't quite a match for the brackets on the posts. A little bigger hook, or some sort of metal bracket, would be nice, to give a sense of a more secure latch. Still, you're counting on the fence never being touched, so it's not a big problem.<br /><br />The bag for the kit is amazing. Everything fits inside beautifully, with thoughtful pockets - even a special pocket for the instructions. It is easy to carry and extremely organized. I was very impressed to see the thought and effort put into the bag, which makes the kit much easier to use and deal with than just a pile of fence parts. The bag is big enough that there is room for extra items in both the long post compartment and the smaller bag section.<br /><br />This is a very nice and handy kit to have around if you have quiet horses that respect electric fence.
I haven't owned a portable fence for horses until now, but I am impressed and liking this product very much. Upon opening the package I was happy with the portability of the carrying bag, and shocked at how lightweight and compact this system is. It's a great accessory to throw in the trailer when taking the horses out, or just to have around in the event that we need a temporary corral for a couple horses. Once set up, it won't hold more than two of our horses comfortably. I don't think we'd ever try and manage to get 4 inside like the product advertises!<br /><br />The instructions were surprisingly simple and it set up easily between myself and my husband working on it. I can see how this would be great to have for other animals as well (such as alpacas), but we only have need for it with the horses and have had success in containing them.  The step in posts are fantastically designed, the overall design makes the fence very versatile, setting up easily pretty much anywhere your horse an go.<br /><br />We're very happy with it's design and portability and will get a lot of good use out of this system, I think!
I am always impressed when someone tries to solve an old problem in a new way. And I have never been happy hobbling my horse - I'd rather she could escape from a dangerous situation, and something unpredictable is far more likely to happen on the trail than at home. Sooo - here we have this device that is compact and weighs only 15 pounds, thus is easy to pack for trail rides. And since it operates on easily-obtainable D cells, no problem being "off the grid".<br /><br />The Fi-Shock HC-100 Portable Paddock showed up in a nice durable red Cordura nylon case. The long part contains eight molded, reinforced plastic stakes with foot push tabs to make it easy to get the metal spikes at the bottom, into the ground. Their working height seems to be just about 3 feet. Multiple slots allow a variety of configurations in set-up.<br /><br />A smaller bag attaches to the pole bag with snaps. It contains 100' of conductive tape on a reel (no, I don't know why the product description says 200'), the transformer of nicely molded, durable-looking green plastic, a transformer stand to be tamped into the ground, a shoulder strap, and two D cell batteries which I promptly put in a safer place so they couldn't accidentally contact conductive material and discharge.<br /><br />This proved easy enough to set up in an area that is clear of tall brush that could cause trouble when contacting the live tape. Properly set up, the paddock's batteries did not drain. Of course I carried extras. I also chose to guy the corners which I am used to with tents. Of course I had to bring extra rope and tent stakes for that purpose. No problem.<br /><br />This worked... for ONE not-huge horse who is trained to electric fences, so she doesn't challenge them. Sure, any beast of her size could easily break out, but I'd want her to if in danger. No, I can't see how the stated 4 or 5 horses could be contained in this enclosure. But this a viable solution on the trail, for my mare.
Got this to take along on backpacking trips with the horses.  It works fine for that purpose, the size is perfect and worked like a charm.  The two horses didn't attempt a getaway, at least.<br /><br />Easy to put up and easy to take down, along with the portability makes this a camping winner!
I don't have horses, so I am not using this in the traditional way.<br /><br />Our backyard is being redone and all the fences are down.  With a pool there, though covered, I was concerned about the wanderers etc. So this came in handy and it was so easy to set up.
This is a great temporary fence for 1 or 2 horses. It is kinda unwieldy and you may need a little help setting it up if you are a smallish person but it works great after setup.
I bought this color for a cake replica of the Stanley Cup that I made.  I was using this color for the very first time and I have to say that it was perfect!  I was afraid that the silver would be too dark or matte, but it had a sheen and was exactly what I was hoping for.
This is the first time I have found a US produced truffle oil that actually contains real truffle. A lot of other "truffle oils" just have "truffle aroma" (whatever that is) and a lot of chemicals that sound less than pleasant. You can definitely taste the difference as well.
These cookies are amazing. They taste as good as if not better than the original brands. I only wish local stores would catch on and carry this cookie.
These cookies are ridiculous.  They are just as delectable as ... well... any popular chocolate-sandwich-with-cream-center-cookie you can think of :)  When you compare them, they are slightly larger in serving size (2g bigger), and still they have about 10 fewer calories, the same fat, sugar, and carb content, but 25% less saturated fat, three times the fiber, and are MUCH more nutritious (loads of vitamins, minerals, etc). Plus, you don't HAVE to eat 3 cookies, you can just have one or two (good luck).  Everyone who has come to my house has asked to try one, and they went crazy for them.  If you are craving something sweet after a meal and still want to put good things into your body, you will absolutely love these cookies. Delicious to munch and no weird after-taste whatsoever (unlike the WhoNu chocolate chip cookies).  Just sweet, chocolatey, Oreo-esque yumminess.<br /><br />I will say, though, that I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why they're so expensive on Amazon. Maybe because they're not in every grocery store yet, so, when combined with shipping, Amazon can get away with charging a little more?  Who knows. I know I bought them here for convenience, and I'm so glad I got three boxes.  I know you can find them in ShopRite or WalMart for around $3.<br /><br />Wherever you end up getting them, enjoy!
These chocolate sandwich creme cookies by WhoNu? are every bit as delicious as similar brands but they are healthier for you. True, they have almost the same sugar, fat and carb amounts of the best-known name brand of these cookies; but as others have noted they also give you fiber with noticeably more vitamins and minerals than that other brand. This is a plus!<br /><br />They're really good as a snack and it's hard to stop at the serving size of just three cookies; but I guess I'm allowed an occasional guilty pleasure! As I write this they are a bit too expensive on this website; try looking for these cookies elsewhere unless you want the convenience of having them shipped to your door.<br /><br />Overall, these awesome chocolate sandwich creme cookies by WhoNu? are the best! I definitely recommend them as an excellent, healthier alternative to the major name brand of this type of cookie.<br /><br />I love `em! Enjoy!
I bought these locally, not from amazon. I'm in Arizona and they are sold in Albertsons and Bashas stores. They are absolutely delicious and taste just like other cookies. I bought all four of the "flavors" to test them out. The only one I didn't like was the chewy chocolate chip. All others though are wonderful. I count calories and try to eat healthy, but I do indulge with treats sometimes. This is the perfect treat since it has all the vitamins and fiber! I will never eat a regular cookie again. What's the point when you can actually get nutrition from tasty cookies!?
I love these cookies, they taste exactly like Oreos. But unfortunately, every time I eat them (2 cookies at a time)I get horrible headaches and migraines (which I don't get from real Oreos) Its obviously caused by some of the 'nutritious' ingredients. Another thumbs down---they include vitamin K which should not be eaten by anyone on blood thinners, or for anyone middle-aged or older who overindulges in these cookies be warned---vitamin K can cause blood clots.<br />HEADACHE & MIGRAINE SUFFERERS BEWARE of these cookies!
I really liked these cookies when they first came out.  But then I got a little tired of them.  They have a bit of a gritty texture, and they don't taste the way you hope they will when thinking of an Oreo.  They are worth eating if you have a bad craving, but I can't eat more than one or two.  The different taste gets to me.  There may be an ingredient in them that doesn't agree with me.  They contain vegetable oils, just like Oreos do.  Palm oil is in practically everything these days because it is cheap for companies to use.  When I eat it, it leaves a thick, greasy film in my mouth and throat.  Store-made cake frostings, cookies, cupcakes...anything that has it leaves that feeling, and I don't like it at all.  Some are worse than others, making it hard to swallow.  This happened when I ate a double-stuf chocolate WhoNu cookie.  Palm oil is listed as an ingredient.  I stopped buying them and the regular chocolate.  I only get the vanilla version.  They contain palm oil as well, but I'm guessing it is less because they don't bother me.  I like them much better.  It's weird because I like chocolate sandwich cookies better than vanilla ones in general.  But with Whonu, the vanilla wins for me.<br /><br />Yesterday I had a craving for a chocolate sandwich cookie, and I bought Oreos.  Even Oreos don't taste as good as they used to.  I guess since the trans fat change in products.  The WhoNu cookies have the extra vitamins and nutrients, and less sodium.  But the Oreos have a better flavor.  The difference in fat content doesn't seem to be very different.  Actually, the difference in sodium doesn't seem very significant, either.  I decided I'd rather eat a few Oreos than a few of these.  It's something you have to decide for yourself when comparing the pros and cons.
This review is based on taste only, not nutritional value or any of the other qualities or selling points of these cookies.  I wrote three sort of similar reviews for this brand of cookies.  This review is for those who are looking for a cookie because they want a cookie, not vitamins or fiber or whatever.  I bought them because I have a sweet tooth and wanted some cookies and these were on sale plus I had a coupon.  I purchased the crispy cookies, the vanilla sandwich cookies and the chocolate sandwich cookies.  I thought they were all very good and would not hesitate to buy them again. I found these cookies to taste very good, very similar to an oreo except that the cookie part was a little thinner and crispier than an Oreo.  Oreos might taste a wee bit better but then they're Oreos, come on.  A cool fact I found out when I was looking up ingredients for Whonu Chocolate Sandwich cookies and Oreos, the first ingredient in regular Oreos is sugar and in these cookies and most other sandwich cookies I think it is flour.  I found that interesting for some reason.  Anyway, out of the three flavors I tried this was my least favorite but only because I like vanilla ALOT, these are still great tasting chocolate sandwich cookies!
these are grossly overpriced.  It is a package of three boxes but when you take into account that they are a dollar of two per box than they should be, you then have to pay for shipping.  Sorry, I would skip them.  My local grocery store carries them and a box is anywhere from 2.98 to 3.49 each.  Although these are healthier than some other cookies, you still have to watch the fat, sugar and salt contents.  Whole foods are much better for you but in a moment or two of indulging, these fit the bill.  Just the price on this site is ridiculous!  Ask your grocer to start carrying them.
We purchased this product and were greatly disappointed.  The product did not have the texture or the taste that it should have.  We contacted customer service and when they discovered that we were complaining, they suddenly could not understand us and said customer service would contact us.  We never got a call back and could not get in touch with them again.  Very expensive and no quality.  Stay away from this company.  We lived in Spain for years and know what this product should taste like and this was not what it should have tasted like.
i purchased Cafe Excellence Crazy Caramel, Flavored Whole Bean<br />coffee it has a very good flavor and would buy again and the price was great
Great, Fresh coffee beans. Gave as a christmas gift. We all had some of it and loved it. The smell was great and the flavour was awsome.
This gum is my absolute favorite. By purchasing on amazon I can get the savings of large quanities at a very good price. I highly recommend to all gum chewers. Plus as you enjoy the peppermint flavor and freshing of breath you are whitening your teeth all at the same time.
Took me years to find the ultimate chewing gum, but when I found Wrigley's Orbit White peppermint the search ended. I've been chewing this gum for many years now, I occasionally try something else, but nothing ever wins. The peppermint in this gum can wipe out the worst of bad breath, and toward the end of its chewable life, it doesn't start to taste awful or give you worse breath as many gums will do; it simply loses its flavor.<br /><br />Only drawbacks. I usually chew 2 pieces at a time, so they are a bit small and #2 they just changed the packaging. It used to fit nicely in your back pant pocket, inside suit jacket pocket etc, now its twice as thick and poorly layed out so it's bulky. Not sure why they had to change; probably to do with retail stores layout. This won't prevent me from buying it, but it's really annoying. Wrigley; just never change the flavor!
I bought these for my girlfriend who just happens to live in California, and she loved them. The chocolates came fresh and the packaging was just beautiful.<br /><br />Hand-written card, her name was hand-written on the front of the card, and extra care was taken in the whole process. I will definitely buy again from Choclatique.<br /><br />If I could rate higher, I would. I was sent a $15 refund for the shipping because my girlfriend lived nearby. I've never had such an honest company before, that was pretty cool!
Got these luscious wine chocolates to use as part of my stocking stuffers.  They were yummy and a big hit with everyone.  Would definitely buy again.
I was starting to think that Snyder and I just didn't share the same idea about what's good in snack flavors. I have tried several of their other pretzel pieces flavors (Buffalo Wing and Honey Mustard) and was very disappointed. I have to say, that these Cheddar Cheese flavor pieces are not just good, but spectacularly good! They have a very rich, buttery cheese flavor with pleasant yeasty aftertaste. These are totally addictive. It's very easy to munch through the entire large bag in one setting.
Very tasty cheese flavor. Because of crunch and small pieces (of mixed size), it goes a long way without adding too many calories. A good buy. Walt B., Apple Valley
My husband is a pretzel lover and has become addicted to these. I don't see the draw, being firmly in the potato chip camp myself, but to each his own. Our local stores only stock these occasionally, so he has tried all the other flavors, and while he does like the jalapeno, they don't like him back. It's nice to be able to buy them here and not have to run all over town looking for them.
My daughter loves these snacks and can't get them in China where she is working now so I ordered them for her. Very satisfied and she was very appreciative.
When we get very busy in our home, I like this sausage a lot for quick meal options. The flavor is a bit sweet, and works well with lots of types of vegetables. Usually I'll slice it lengthwise and saute it until done, then add sweet potatoes,potatoes and onions to the pan to make up a skillet. With a bit of cheese on top it's all the food groups in a one pan meal that my family enjoys. Mac and cheese with peas and sausage mixed in is another option that my daughter is crazy for. For that I cut the sausage into coins and cook it up, then make up the homemade mac and cheese as usual, add frozen peas and the sausage and finish cooking. The sweetness of the sausage with the salty of the cheese is good and it's just so easy to make.
I use these to keep my finicky toddler's protein levels up. What's great, is that they're delicious just about any way you can imagine cooking a sausage!<br /><br />A favorite Recipe: Sautee one large onion, about a tablespoon each dried basil and oregano, and some salt and pepper in about 2T of butter. Add sausage, that's been cut into coins, and russet potatoes cut into 1/4" thick rounds. Cover all with chicken stock and simmer until potatoes are soft but not dissolved. Throw in a few handfuls of pre-washed baby spinach (I usually use about a half a pound, and frozen would work fine, just put it in a minute earlier). Stir until the spinach is cooked, and then serve! Enjoy!
Having recently purchased a single cup coffee maker, we discovered Green Mountain and their delicious varieties of coffee.  I love the Island Coconut flavor so much it is now a staple in our household with all other flavors taking a 2nd seat.  The roast of the coffee is wonderful and really lets the coconut shine through.  Try it with a little Chocolate Coffee Mate Creamer and you'll swear you were having a decadent treat straight from the Islands...  YUM!!!
The Best smooth tasting new coffee we have had since we have been to the Islands,all good as ice coffee.
If you're looking for a very light, refreshing coffee, this one is for you.  Nice Coconut flavor without any bitterness.  May be too light for some people.
I was really looking forward to the Dulce de Leche Cheerios.  The Honey Nut flavor has been my favorite since they came out and the thought of caramel was quite appealing.<br /><br />The first few spoonfuls seemed quite yummy.  But the more I ate, the less I enjoyed it.  The caramel flavor seemed a bit off to me or maybe it was that these are more corn than oat so the flavor was different from that as well.  (Oats are the third ingredient after corn and sugar; I thought Cheerios were always oat cereals.) All things considered (especially price), I'll stick with Honey Nut.<br /><br />They tasted pretty good just plain from the box so I think I'll save them for when I want a slightly sweet snack but not too sugary.  I'll pour out a handful and eat them like a toddler!<br /><br />I expected these to be more sugary than the Honey Nut but these have 6 grams of sugar per serving compared to 9 grams for the Honey Nut.  But they have the same total carbohydrates, 22 grams per serving, so there isn't much difference in how it affects your body.<br /><br />Bottom line:  I won't buy them again.
I became addicted to eating these the first time I tasted them which was years ago. Once you eat one, you just can't stop until they're gone. They aren't too sweet and make the perfect snack. I love these things!!!
My synagogue's Passover Care Package had some of these candies in it, and WOW are they good!  Americans have little exposure to sesame seeds except atop a burger bun.  Time to taste these nutty little wonders!  Individually wrapped to keep them fresh and slow you down (grins).  Better than peanut brittle any day!  And these are kosher for passover!
I've had many types of pepper jelly, and this is by far the worst ever. The price is high, and the taste is not good. The shipping was outrageous. More costly than the green pepper jelly. Don't waste you money.
This is amongst the best Karachi Halwa I have eaten. Not rubbery or super chewy like a lot of the other ones...just perfect.. individually wrapped pieces in the box.
I'm allergic to wheat so i have few options for pasta.  Corn pasta has a grainy texture that i don't care for, quinoa pasta is the same and rice pasta has a tendency to stick together.  This Orgran pasta is PERFECT.  I think i even overcooked it a bit and it still held it's shape(s) (farm animals!) and it was delicious.  My husband also agreed that it was really good.  The calorie count seems a little lower than other pastas as well.  i will continue to order this product as long as Amazon carries it!  It's GRRRRRRRREAT!
My celiac daughter loves the gluten free animal pasta.  It is by far her favorite.  We make macaroni and cheese with it and she asks for it several times a week and takes the leftovers to school for lunch the next day.  She loves that the pasta is animal shapes and different colors and the horse is her favorite.  A must have.
I ordered this pasta because I thought my children would love the animal shapes. Since I am the only GlutenFree in our home, I try to find FUN things for the entire family instead of making 2 separate meals. When I served this at dinner the other night, my husband's expression said it all! He followed his surprised look with "Now This is Pasta!" We could not believe how good this pasta was. We are now hooked! I can not wait to try some more of the OrgraN products.
I have to eat gluten free, but my family doesn't.  This is the only pasta so far that my kids can't see a real difference.  They like it a lot.  This is one I fix when I don't have time or energy to fix separate things for them and myself.  Because it tastes yummy for all of us.
These brownies bake up very nicely.  I would call their consistency "cake like".  However my husband called them Healthy Brownies.  He said he could taste the flax seed.  I tend to agree.  In my opinion, if I'm going to eat chocolate, I don't want it to have that "healthy" taste.  On the other hand I love the Blueberry Muffins that Hodgson Mill makes.
I have a sweet tooth and so does my three year old son. This is a great after dinner dessert that I feel good about giving him and myself. They ARE healthy and you CAN taste the flax seed in them, but I have really grown to love that healthy taste and texture. I even come to crave it now. They are satisfying and filling and my whole family loves them. I buy them in bulk and love other Hodgson Mill products as well.<br /><br />  If you eat nothing but white flour products and can't get used to or absolutly hate whole grains and their taste and texture, then this is not the product for you. If you are the family that tries to make healthy choices and have healthier alternitives then this is a wonderful product. I still love to have my junk food (Pillsbury and Hershey's here I come!!!) I just try to have it only on very special occasions. The rest of the time I choose to nurish my body and satisfy my taste buds. That is when I reach for this brownie mix.<br /><br />  My only complaint is that they don't taste too great after only a couple days. So make up a batch, eat em' up quick (within 2 days) and you will be smiling!
Good, but I add a cup of whole wheat flour and a tsp. of baking powder along with a couple of TBSP. of Cocoa powder because I like brownies a little higher and more cake like.  They come yummy and with the added flour, they're not too sweet.
My kids love brownies, but I could no longer by the regular brands in the grocery store with a good conscious.  I still wanted the convenience of a mix, though.  These fit the bill.  They first time I made them, they thought they tasted "funny" because they were so used to the processed crap.  Now they eat them up and have gotten used to the flax taste.  I think they are YUMMY!<br />These are in no way low-calorie or low-fat though.  Instructions call for a lot of oil, eggs, and butter (you can use Earth Balance and egg replacer if you're vegan).  Flax seeds also have a good amount of fat (although the healthy kind). I've made them with olive oil before and they were just as good.  I've also added extra organic cocoa powder to make them extra chocolatey, but they really don't need it.  I love the chewy texture of the flax seeds.  There are very few ingredients, I could probably make the same brownies homemade, but it would be a pain to have to grind the flax seeds, etc.  These are easy and yummy.  Even though they are not necessarily "healthy" from a calorie and fat standpoint, I can feel good about giving my kids treats that aren't loaded with processed crap.
Add walnuts to this healthful Brownie and perhaps a light iceing.  Do not overback or it will be very dry.  Lots of good stuff in this Brownie,  but the flax taste is a little strong.  I really feel no guilt when having a Brownie snack for me or my kids.
I really like this brownie mix.  Unfortunately my local grocer has stopped carrying them - hence buying them from Amazon!!  They are easy to prepare and bake up very nicely.  Very moist and I think it has just the right amount of chocolate flavor.  Yes, they are healthy and are more dense than traditional brownies - but they fill my chocolate craving better and I really feel like I have eaten dessert - not just some fluff from a box.  [...]
I made these according to package directions, and added 1 cup of mini chocolate chips, and they were awesome!  They took longer to cook than the box says, maybe that's because of the chocolate chips.  Either way, they were great and I'll definitely make them again.
For quite a while, before Amazon starting retailing food items, it was nearly impossible to locate this healthy underground-favorite brownie mix. There were blogs and food sites bemoaning how hard it was to locate.  So when we saw it on Amazon we ordered a case and baked up batches for all our friends and family. The concensus was: it tastes healthier but, never the less, quite good. It is far better when prepared with at least a cup of mini-chocolate chips. (Not regular chips which can sink to the bottom.) We buy good quality Belgian chocolate minichips. This mix is a great alternative if you want less guilt in your guilty pleasures.
Of course they don't taste quite as good as "regular" brownies but hello?  That's because they're healthy!  And that being said, they are FANTASTIC!  Why eat crap when there are such good alternatives!?
If your not into healthy and into flax seed DO NOT buy these.  They are healthy and they taste like it!  I love them...they are very good.  My husband loved them too.  It's all a matter of taste.  If you're looking for a Dunkan Hines brownie these are not it.
i'm a big fan of hodgson mill products (we love their bread mixes, i use their pancake mixes.) i'm not afraid of whole grains  (i mill my own grains, wheat, kamut, rye, barley) and i even put milled flax seed in my (home made) yogurt. I've been a baker for 35 years and love to try new recipes.<br /><br />i had high expectations for this product but was very disappointed by the results: the box calls for too much fat and the baked brownies have a distinctly oily feel in the mouth.  I can enjoy the grittiness and the chocolate flavor is fine but i would caution buyers against the results if following the instructions on the box<br /><br />one of the problems is that the coarse texture of the mix does not allow the fat to be absorbed well.<br /><br />i will go back to making whole wheat brownies from scratch.  a little bit of time required... a little less convenient but brownies being a treat (and comfort food), the texture should be right :)
We like this brownie mix and I usually use the low fat recipe on it. I also add chocolate chips or something else to it otherwise it ends up a little bit dry.<br /><br />We still buy this by the case.
These brownies are good, but the flax seed texture can be a real turn-off.  To minimize it, I added a little whole wheat flour, splenda and cocoa - BIG improvement and my guests never complained (like they did the first time I made the brownies!).
I like that this item has flax seed in it but the whole wheat flower makes it very grainy.  It is also very oily even after you cook it.  If you do not mind gritty brownies then get this product.  Also, they are not very chocolately so I added chocolate chips to the recepie.  It makes it have more fat and calories but they taste better this way.
You CAN taste the flaxseed in these whole-wheat muffins and it's a great taste.  Good chocolate flavor and texture.  I add chopped walnuts.
If you are used to eating flaxseed, then this is the brownie for you.  Hodgson Mill brownies are super easy to make, and taste great.  Since I like dark chocolate, I usually add a little more cocoa.
I was hoping for a health substitute for white flour brownies.  It's OK, but not what I would serve to company.  I substitute canola oil for the butter or margarine and that may have been the problem.  Of course, I wound up eating them all anyway.
first off, i love whole wheat products, and flax seed so i hope we just got a bad batch (and no it wasn't expired, i checked the date) but my mom and i just had some of these and we're not fans. they had an oddly fishy/grassy taste to it kind of like you might get with rancid flax oil tablets. O_o
I received all the ingredients in a timely manner. All the ingredients were nicely packed and remained fresh through the shipping stages. It was more than I needed for the meal I was making, so I had plenty of left over ingredients.
The produce was extremely fresh.  I made a delicious Thai soup with the items and had plenty to spare.
Exceptionally fresh quality and quantity and shipped much faster than expected. I was able to make great Tom Yum soup.  Thank you!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P151AI">Fresh Thai Produce Kit</a>
I first tried this tea at at French restaurant that had ran out of the usual black tea with mint. To my surprise this tea beats any tea (without milk).. no sugar needed. It is naturally sweetened!
Love this hot chocolate--nice creamy flavor.  The price is good and I love the single packs.  This is not a flavor available to me locally.
I love the chamomile tea. Its sweet and mild. Its excellent for a bed time tea.
With all herbal treatments it is important to understand that the earlier in ilness one will start using them the better.<br />I love to use herbal teas and find them very effective when used properly.
I don't know which herb is so tasty in here.. but it's a great combination.  I don't like licorice flavors, and this tea is great because I can reap the great benefits of licorice root, without tasting it!<br /><br />It really does help my symptoms, and drinking it for prevention has worked great for me as well.  And you cannot beat the shipping price (free with super saver shipping) with Amazon.
I always start my son on this tea when he starts a cold. He actually now asks for it. I prepare it and put it in a thermo for him to drink during the day at school. It works wonders when he starts drinking it right away when the symptoms are obvious. The throat does heal from this tea. If he starts it after the illness has taken full course, it still helps it sooth it a lot. My son loves it and I have recommended to other friends who now buy it all the time. Great effective results!!!
We just got our first order a few days ago, and my 10 month old daughter loves them! They're just like the Gerber mini veggies, but much cheaper. Although they still cost a good bit, having a nutrient filled, easy to take anywhere travel snack is well worth it. My daughter doesn't have any teeth yet, and she hasn't had any problems eating them. They're light and fluffy, yet full of flavor.
I don't know why my toddler is so crazy about these, but he is.  He was snacking on so many cheerios every day that I was desperate to find something else that he would like but wouldn't require refrigeration, and this saved the day.  I feel good about feeding him healthier snacks and he is positively in love with these!
My dog has heart failure and can't have the standard dog treats because of the salt. These are perfect- she likes to "hunt" for her snacks, and these are perfect to toss out to her, and let her go nuts.  She really likes them :)
I've been buying these for nearly 5 years and this is the fiirst time that my son has refused to eat them. They are darker green than usual, which was not a problem, but the texture was chewier and the flavor wasn't as good. This is a problem since it's the only vegetable my son eats and he has severe feeding issues. The taste & texture were so different he was gagging. Not pleased with the change.
These are a delicious guilt free snack that I always have handy. They are so convenient and last a long time. I also get the corn and mixed veggies which are also wonderful. You can get them at Whole Foods but not at this price.
We first tried this because our toddler went through a picky-eater phase. She loved these! They are crunchy and small enough for her to pick up. I love them because they are organic and a veggie that she actually asks for. I mainly give them to her right out the package but I've also mixed them into scrambled eggs, which she really likes too.
These taste great and have a great texture.<br /><br />Our 2-year-old has little interest in eating fresh vegetables, but she loves these.  She actually prefers these over goldfish crackers or other products of dubious nutritional value!  To me, that fact is worth the expense -- it is worth the cost to get her to eat vegetables.
We love this brand of freeze dried fruit and veggies.  They make it easy to have healthy on the go snacks for our 2 year old!
My 22-month old daughter has loved these ever since she started chewing her food.  They are tasty, healthy, and have zero additives.  On the downside, every few handfuls there is a pea that is as hard as a freaking ROCK.  I can barely crunch into it with my adult teeth, so I worry about what would happen if she really bites down on them with her baby teeth.  That being said, it's been months and nothing bad has happened...and it hasn't worried me enough to stop feeding her the peas, it's just something that I feel should be noted to those considering purchasing this otherwise excellent product.
Feel like a protein boost?  Got the nibbles?  Don't want to succumb to potato chips?  Here's a great alternative!  Just don't let your toddler try to open the package or your peas will be all over the floor making  for an expensive snack for the dog and a grumpy mommy.
I like the dried peas from Just tomatoes and I also like their Just Corn.  They are way too expensive though.  They are really handy because I don't use frozen or canned foods because I follow an Ayurvedic diet which prohibits them.  When I can not find fresh peas I have to use these.  I will probably have to do without as I can't afford these, too bad.
Even though this item is listed under the Gluten free category, it is not.  The ingredients state that it contains wheat protein.  Do not order this if you need GF food.  Bad reviewing by Amazon!
I bought this for Christmas and gave a few away as gifts.  You get a bunch of boxes, but if you love bacon, there are a lot of uses for it!  I've made sour cream chip dip, cheese balls, added to mashed potatoes and mac & cheese, sprinkled on baked potatoes in place of bacon bits.  If you can dream it you can do it.<br /><br />The bacon flavor is not over powering, it is a subtle delicious taste.  I love Davis & Davis products and will be trying different varieties for sure.
Dogs love this product but it ends up too crumbly and hard to give to the dogs.  But it is really a great product.
For serious goat cheese lovers, this is a step up from the French goat cheese that you can buy at the grocery store. I had never had smoked goat cheese before and this was a revelation: the creamy, smooth, a little sour taste went fabulously well with the smoke flavor. I used it sprinkled over a tomato, bean and romaine salad and also spread on toast points topped with an apple-zucchini relish from the 101 cookbooks blog. Outstanding artisan cheese that I look forward to enjoying again.
If you like goat cheese and smoked cheeses you will love this.  It has a very smokey creamy flavor.  Try it spread on crackers with a little black truffle oil.
I have a history of mild/moderate acid reflux, so I take it easy with coffee. I was delighted to discover Puroast, which is a reduced acid coffee that is reasonably priced. The French Roast flavor is utterly delicious. It tastes like I went to a coffee house for fancy coffee, but it's just brewed in my drip coffee pot in my kitchen. (Even more convenient if my husband does it for me!) Try it - you won't be disappointed. The cinnamon flavor is also very, very good.
I haven't been able to drink coffee for over 5 years due to gastritis and indigestion with even a few drops of the stuff.  Coffee is my favorite and reaching desperation I gave Puroast a try.  This stuff is a miracle- not only am I symptom-free, it is good coffee.  I am so thankful to be able to have coffee back in my life!
I was delighted to discover this rich-tasting coffee, which has half the acid of regular brands. I served it to a guest with an acid reflux problem and she not only enjoyed the cuppa, she reported that she felt fine afterwards. This is a great coffee to have in your pantry for finick-y guests or to stock for discerning coffee-drinkers who find the taste of Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts simply too harsh. Also loved the charming packaging.
This coffee is a great alternative for someone who has acid reflux and ulcer problems.  The low acid allows me to still have my caffine for the day.  Maybe not as smooth tasting as my usual blend, but I'm so thankful for it.  Really close in taste.
I've been using this "low acid" coffee for a few weeks now and along with the taste, I enjoy not having an "acid stomach", especially the "morning after".  To me, there is no difference in taste between it and regular coffee.<br /><br />I give it 5 stars.
I decided to try puroast over a year ago because of stomach problems and mouth swelling.  Puroast did the trick!  Plus it tastes great!  Couldn't be happier with it (although I wish they would bring the organic decaf back!)
My wife and I tried this product a few days ago. We were not disappointed. The coffee had a good flavor, and the low acid was a nice added benefit.
I struggle between giving this 3 or 4, even 5 stars - because I am just thankful for the substitute, as I have a condition that I need low acid coffee for. However, I DO have to admit, it tastes like burnt coffee (as someone else put it) and it is no Peets or Starbucks. The taste, and the flavor it leaves in your mouth after you are done, is something I don't think I will ever get used to.<br /><br />Update: I had my father in law up. Would like to say that if you are one, like he is, that puts mounds of creamer and sugar in your coffee...apparently you will not notice a difference in taste from this brand to another. Hope that helps!
If you don't want to give up the taste of coffee but can't handle the acid try this coffee. Does not taste like gourmet coffee but it does not produce acid side effects.
I love, love, love dark roasted coffee and don't like a acid taste so I thought this would be great,<br /><br />I was pleased with the 'no acid taste," but...I had to use twice as much to get the same flavor I usually like. That wouldn't be a big deal- but it meant I went through the coffee faster than I should have and that can get expensive.<br /><br />This blend was ground very finely so would not be good with a french press. I was able to use it with a pour over.
A short while ago, my doctor looked me in the eye and said, "Buddy, you got acid reflux real bad."  (My dentist said the same - only he was able to make his announcement a bit more colorful by showing `worst case scenario' pictures of teeth on battery acid. He put me off coffee for a week.)  So, with that double-whammy in mind, I've lately been trying to cut back on acidic foods.  Hence my decision to go the low-acid coffee route.<br /><br />And like the headline says, this coffee is a good news bad news situation.<br /><br />First, the good news: Puroast Coffee does in fact appear to be legitimately low-acid.  I've noticed a distinct reduction in acid reflux activity after drinking it.<br /><br />Now, the bad news: this coffee is kinda bad.  I should note, this isn't the opinion of a coffee snob:  while I like a good cup of Peet's Coffee as much as the next guy, I'm a-okay with a batch of Folger's or the basic house brand of whatever chain store I happen to be shopping in.  I'm usually just looking for a pleasant kick start in the morning at a price that isn't highway robbery.<br /><br />Alas, for all of its low acidity (and decent price), this coffee ain't that pleasant kick start.  There's an unpleasant flavor to it that is rather hard to describe - other than to say that Puroast doesn't really taste like French Roast coffee.  Even doctored up with cinnamon and milk, the unpleasant flavor remains.<br /><br />So yes, this coffee is effective, if you absolutely need to have coffee.  But if you're looking for a pleasant, low acid kick start to your day, black tea might be a better, tastier option.
I didn't have high expectations that I would like this but I love coffee and have trouble with nausea from the acid. I am a Starbucks fan and while this was not as full bodied as that it was surprisingly good. Nice to not have the acid issues that come with coffee, this did not bother me at all or make me nauseous. I still prefer the taste of Starbucks houseblend but now I'm not sure the extra body is worth the acid. This is a good alternative that i found i liked better and better as i got use to it. Give it a try!
This is a great company.  And the first I have ever seen to offer a low acid option. You can absolutely taste the difference. It's coffee without the bitterness.  Makes it possible to enjoy the purity of the bean without the bitter taste. They also have very cool black mugs.  Love them!
I drink 10 cups a day of Verona, Italian, or French roast coffee, and wanted to try a lower-acid version. This brand of coffee smells and tastes like vinegar. It is totally unpalatable and you are better off drinking water if the acid in coffee bothers you.
This coffee tastes so nasty I can't even drink it. It's disgusting. I can't believe anything this bitter is acid free. I actually threw away two bags.
Flavor may be something that has to be given up with low acid coffee, but I decided I'd rather take massive doses of Pepcid and drink regular coffee than subject my tongue to this awful swill.
This coffee smells really bad - there is definitely no "delicious" smell as it brews or as you take sips from your mug.  It tastes just as awful too.  The first couple sips that I had, with my nose closed so I couldn't smell it, wasn't too bad but the more sips I took the more disgusting it was.  It is absolutely stomach turning (to me at least) and unfortunately I will never drink the whole bag. It tastes like a weak, poorly brewed, cheap cup of coffee (though not cheap!).  The only positive note is that it did not irritate my bladder - just irritated my nose and taste buds.
I use this in my breadmaker but make it with warm milk and an additional egg, which greatly improves the texture. When made with just water and a small amount of butter, the crust comes out very, very chewy in my breadmachine. I have also made this bread and used carrot juice in place of the water, which makes it a beautiful color and naturally sweet.
I have tried many bread machine mixes and most have been okay but this one rates an "excellent" because not only is it a very good basic loaf, it also works very well with additives, either prepared entirely in the bread machine, or (after the second rise) removed from the machine, shaped and baked on a stone in the oven.<br />Stretched and flattened with a filling of either savory or sweet ingredients, then rolled and set to rise and then bake in a loaf pan, it produced excellent herb and onion bread, cinnamon raisin bread and a brown butter and seed bread.<br />I buy it via the subscribe-and-save plan as I use it often.
I love fresh bread and Hodgson brand is awesome. i usually just use the dough cycle on my bread machine and then form the dough in buns and stickss so i can easily take them on to go. even if the brand is not organic all the ingredients are natural and processed without chemicals. but most of all they taste great. all it requires is some water and shortening(butter, or oil). i have even been able to use applesauce instead of oil but it didnt get as rich taste. I have ordered all varieties they had on amazon, whole wheat honey is specially tasty. no more supermarket bread!
I must admit when I first ordered this bread for my new Panasonic bread maker, I was not expecting anything other than potato bread such as I buy at a nearby store. However, was I ever surprised! It was absolutely the best stuff and with some organic butter piled high and properly melted it was on a par with ambrosia. I just could not believe how good it was and is. Since the first loaf, I have made other breads which have been generally excellent but none are quite at the level of this potato bread. It is REALLY good! Perhaps the credit goes to my new bread machine! Highly recommended!!!  GENERAL INFO: The package makes a 1.5 pound loaf. On my machine the recommended setting is BASIC and the loaf bakes in 4 hours. Also, the flour is NON GMO Verified as labelled.
Since I started making Hodgson Wholesome Potato bread, my husband will not eat store bought bread anymore!  We make about two loaves a week, in different varieties of the Hodgson Mill brand.  The honey whole wheat and white bread mixes are also great.<br />I like using my old bread machine to make the dough, then shape into loaf and bake in the oven.  Makes perfect loaf every time, also makes delicious rolls.<br />Glad I discovered this brand of bread mixes on Amazon--they are wholesome, and I know what I'm putting into the bread I bake now.  Great product!
i used extra yeast and a little more water and it came out very light with a heard crust, which i like. i will order it again. not much of a potato taste but good bread
I recently purchased a bread machine and I tried  this potato bread mix.  I have made it three times now and it has come out amazing each and every time.  The other great thing about this particular mix is that I have experimented with altering the amount of Butter ( in the last batch I actually doubled the butter amount but then added less water) and it came out buttery and yuuuummmmmmyyyy!!<br /><br />I encourage everyone who has a bread machine to try this particular mix.
I am so totally satisfied by Hodgson Mill products & I probably have purchased > 100 loaves at this point.  I used some as a present to my brother with good results, too.<br /><br />Never have I seen "old" smelling mix nor have I ever had a yeast failure.  Their taste & texture is wonderful. Never have I had a "slicing failure" where you can't get a slice to hold together long enough to lay it down. The different types lend themselves well to adding ingredients such as Chopped Nuts or Sesame Seeds or Millet Seed or - - use your own imagination.  Coming in nice units of 6 loaves makes pantry storage easy, and once opened, the carton yields 6 boxes with "Best By" dates easily accessible on each so rotating your shelf stock is almost "goof-proofed".<br /><br />Next time you walk a grocery store, note the prices there! Here again, I think you really can't beat the quality with a really fair price that Hodgson provides.  It seems to me that they have expended great effort to have the best product they can produce & the best shipping available for their customers.<br /><br />Buy with great confidence based on my experiences with them during the last 2-3 years.  I hope this helps decision making.
UPDATED: 12-02-2010 - Finally have found a perfect 'match' in taste to my IRISH grandmother's potato bread. Loaf pictured w/dill added. Very Tasty -<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FDKQCY">Hodgson Mill Wholesome Potato Bread Mix, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />Since now in the 20's and low teens wind chill - these 18 boxes will be used often.<br /><br />The picture shows this loaf made in older breadmaker - crust set dark for Croutons and stuffing, as well as Fine Bread crumbs for Mac 'n Cheese Buttered toppings.<br /><br />***********************************************************************<br />Have been using Hodgson's Mill* products for years.  Ordered 3 sets of 6 boxed for breadmaker but intend to 'kick up' the taste w/crushed in oil garlic/dill/ cinnamon-raisins/whole cranberries/and whatever else takes our fancy for dinner meals or great homemade soup 'dunkin' - One can make any type roll or breadstick they choose. Also going to try as 'flat breads'<br /><br />Honey Wheat on the way - 2 sets delivered an hour ago - Potato and Caraway Rye<br />Now to make a choice which will come first.
I love this bread.  I don't even like the smell of commercial bread; you can smell the chemicals from miles.  I added rosemary, garlic and olive oil to the mix and serve it just out of the machine; it was a hit with my dinner guests.
This was great - so soft, so tasty.  Better than expected.  Perfect loaf every time.
I was a little disappointed...I first made the muffins with it and then let the bread machine make and bake a loaf - ok.  Next I will try mixing it myself and baking in my oven.  I do have to keep in mind though that potato bread is dense and heavier than say white bread.  Convenient is a plus.
I have tried a few of this brand of bread mix in my bread machine and while all have been good I must say to my family and I that this is the best! I have made potato bread from scratch in my bread machine and this is right up there with that. Nice flavor, great texture, well worth the price! I have bought this a few times on Amazon and will continue to do so!
I am extremely satisfied with both Hodgson Mill Bread Mixes that I purchased online.  The potato bread mix actually rose and stuck to the top of my bread making machine and became entangled in the mixing blade, so it was difficult to remove.  Otherwise, the bread tasted great!!  The Rye bread was also delicious.  It didn'nt rise as much, and I had no trouble removing it from the bread machine.  The rye loaf was much denser than the potato bread loaf.<br /><br />The only drawback to purchasing these products online was the shipping costs.  I have since found out that I can purchase the same brand products at HEB and Kroger grocery stores, and will not order online, again.
I just got my Bread Machine for Christmas, so being a novice I thought I would try to Keep It Simple :)  The Hodgson Mill Products are wonderful.  Everything is included even the yeast.  The Bread came out delicious, it was easy to slice.  It is like eating a country white bread not soft n mushy like traditional white bread.  My family enjoyed this it makes great toast as well. If you try this I think you will be happy with it
This is a fantastic bread mix. I do not use the bread machine, I make it in a bowl, hand made, and have had no problems at all. I do not know why people are having any problems with this. It is terrific. Amazon, please keep this in stock. Please.
I like this bread, and several other flavors in this brand.  This one and the seven grain are my favorites.  They bake consistently well in my Wolfgang Puck machine.  Recommended!
This product is as good as any that I have ever used and is so convenient through Amazon as it has become hard to find in the stores.
I love these bread mixes. There is nothing like making your own bread. I admit I use a bread maker - not clever enough to use my hands- but I still enjoy the experience. I have tried 2 different Hodgson mixes and they are both excellent.
The potato bread was easy to mix, rises well in my breadmaker, cooks as it should and best of all was very tasty. The bread has a near white bread texture, and was very good. I purchased all of the Hodgson mixes and this was one of my favorites.
I recently tried this line of breads on vacation and loved the one we tried. I couldn't find the European Cheese & Herb flavor that we had locally so I went to order from Amazon.com. As happens from time to time the seller was out of that flavor so I picked up the Potato Bread instead and it was also very good.  I still need to get the Cheese & Herb because that one was awesome.
This is delicious bread and I can quickly make up loaves of bread to eat or give away for a special gift.
My family and I all agree that Hodgson Mill Potato Bread is one of the best mixes on the market.  A loaf of this bread lasts about two hours before it is gone.  It has become a favorite of ours, and we will be making lots.  Don't run out of this one!
I have made potato bread before with great results but this Hodgson bread-mix is way too dry, it needs some more moisture-don't buy it unless you want really dry bread.
howdy y'all,<br /><br />this bread is pretty good. the potato flavor is there, recognizable as potato bread [if you've had it before] and not overwhelming. makes a good sandwich bread with meats or an enjoyably different pseudo-bruschetta base.<br /><br />made it with vegetable oil and olive oil. as usual, the good olive oil makes for a somewhat better flavor.<br /><br />rated a THREE cuz it's just exactly as expected - average with no surprises.<br /><br />take care,<br />lee
White bread is not my thing, so that's probably why I don't like this one.  I like herby white breads and really full-bodied white breads, but otherwise I always choose whole grains.  This one is not full-bodied and has no particular flavor.  Not interesting at all to me.
I am a bit disappointed.  The flavor was not what I wanted or expected.
As a former chef-owner of a restaurant in my younger years, I was  surprised and delighted at the exceptionally good taste and texture of the Bookbinder's White Clam sauce wihtout doctoring.  It is a great product for easy convenience.
To the gentleman who reviewed this and said "just go to the store and get better," well, I'm disabled and the disability van only allows us two packages to carry...can you see me carrying two big cases of water home?  I think not.<br /><br />This is wonderful water.  Sure, you could get it on sale at a better price, and if you can drive or have someone to drive you and carry it in, please do so, but for me it is a sweet deal.  I ordered six cases and watched the UPS guy set them inside the door for me.  I have nothing to complain about.  If the price is right for you, with all considered, you won't go wrong here.
This water is delicious. I'm not picky, but I can taste bad water with chemicals or metal taste and this has none of that. And at 50 cents per bottle, delivered to your door, it's a great price. I have a teenage son and he drinks these all the time and it's a-okay with me. Better than drinking a coke.
I continue to buy this water (as well as the larger size bottle) for a number of reasons:<br />1) The taste of the water is just plain good, refreshing, crisp and clean - it's not easy describing water that doesn't actually offend!<br />2) Our filtered municipal water still sucks and this is an excellent alternative for someone with health issues<br />3) The UPS guy does all the heavy work for me - all I have to do is put it away<br />4) I never have to run out of bottled water by availing of the discounted subscribe and save program<br />If I had any complaint at all it would be that the plastic bottle itself is quite heavy and can be a real pain in your backpack.<br />Bottom line for me, the taste and convenience are worth the price and I'll continue to buy it as long as my budget allows.**UPDATED note** I've been drinking this water for four months now and had an interesting experience that bears sharing: my local Kroger had Ozarka Spring Water on sale so I picked up a case - wow was that ever a mistake. Even though the Ozarka bottles are very light weight, the taste of the water is so different from TalkingRain Spring Water in that there is a distinct "plasticy" flavor. I've alway enjoyed the Ozarka in the past but had no idea I was settling for drinking "plastic" water...my goodness how my taste buds and senses have changed since drinking the pure goodness on TalkingRain Spring Water...I am totally convinced it is worth the extra cost now.
I am a chemist, so I know about water, and why it can taste like heaven (e.g. it is tasteless), and why it can taste like sweat (e.g. "mineral-enhanced."). This water is expensive - cheap for online, but costly if you are a Walmart or Target shopper. However, I highly recommend you try this, if you want tasteless water. You see, when water is mineral enhanced, and its swirling around through the various protrusions and undulations the road provides in the summer heat, the water tends to build a certain taste, which some like, and others don't. I like my water tasteless. Therefore I recommend this product to those whom do not want H2O + minerals, but just plain water.
This was my first purchase of this water.  It tastes great and the bottles are thicker than most.  Also, everyone likes that name...haha
Water tastes good. I typically prefer only purified water (did a study on this in grad school back in the day) but for use at the office, this fills the bill. I think it tastes good and looks presentable.<br /><br />Bottles are (of course) recyclable, so I don't feel guilty saying I like the quality of the bottle as well. I once had someone pickup water, and they got a chain grocer brand at a steal - but the bottle was so flimsy. I don't like that one bit. This is the best of both worlds.<br /><br />Shipment arrived fully intact for me.
Always glad to see this water delivered to our doorstep. Not a drop of it spilled during delivery yet, due to  nice quality of  bottles.<br />Even though the delivery box itself has arrived bashed in, with the tape flopping, - must say the shrink wrapping has held, and the bottles themselves haven't spilled a drop of the water.<br />  We're on our third case of  it right now, and very happy with this purchase.  The water tastes good and the bottles hold their shape.<br /><br /> About weight  of these bottles commented upon in another review... I thought the comment was interesting and it reminded me that yes, I do drive a few bottles to work in the car, I don't backpack them.  Not a really obvious difference in weight, though, I think. Maybe necessary for shipping?<br /><br />  Guess it's like choosing sleeping bags...if you are using a vehicle, you can  use a heavier sleeping bag, so they tell me.<br /> Anyway, I think you'll like this water, and you get 30 bottles per case, instead of the usual 24.<br />We plan to order more.  We're glad we can do this.
Three of us tried it; one of us was barely able to drink it, with ice.  I guess this is, like Evian, an "acquired taste."  Unless you're able to try a single bottle before purchase, I recommend you pass.
This water is really good!!!!!  It is reasonably priced!!!  It is mountain spring water!!!  Please order at least once, you will not regret it.  It is priced right.  You get 30qt---16.9 ounce bottles for a great price.  Use your standard shipping 5 to 8 days (i think) free shipping.  That way, you can buy more product.  Be aware, that this is very popular product and sometimes, Amazon is out of stock.  So, you may have to wait 2 or 3 weeks.  BUT, it is worth the wait.  It is a great product!!!!
i thot i was satisfied with the spring water i have bought elsewhere UNTIL i bought this brand! best i have ever tasted. no chemical aftertaste.  i have 2 cases a month delivered since i also use it for all cooking needs and ice cubes too. it is soooooo delicious when making a glass of lemonade from fresh lemons with the aforementioned cubes with agave sweetener. mercy! as others have stated, the ups man does all the hard work and i don't have to worry about running out of the most important staple in my household.
I bought this water for my 2 pet chinchillas, Tank and Tony. They love this water. I have never seen them drink so much in their lives! I bought this water because chinchillas cannot drink tap water, and Spring Water is the best for them.<br />I am mad though, because I purchased this item ~1 week ago and now it's $5 cheaper. Wtf?<br />Overall, I love this item. Great water.<br />I tasted it for myself, and it does taste great!
Love this water.  Feels silky smooth and clean when you drink it.  Really love the bottles.  Nice and sturdy.  No squishy plastic.  And since I had hard time buying and carrying from the grocery store, love the automatic delivery to my back door!  A little more money than store brands, but well worth it.
I have a recurring shipment of this product each month.  Every month when the boxes arrive they are barely in one piece and VERY mangled.  Last month one of the cases of water had to be repackaged before it arrived and it was a day late.<br /><br />I suggest using a more sturdy box for shipping.<br /><br />The water product is fine ... it's just the shipping packaging I have a problem with.
I enjoyed this water.  It was very refreshing.  I find I have some stomach sensitivity with some bottled waters.  I did not have that problem with this water.  Nice bottles.  Water comes from Washington.
This water is pretty good, but not great. At the time I got it, it was the most economical water that shipped free with Prime, so if they keep that up, it will be a great deal for a lot of people.<br /><br />I might be tainted, because I was just up in Washington, where this water is from, and almost all of the bottled water I got up there, plus the tap water, was better than this. But, I love Washington water, so I'm probably judging it too harshly<br /><br />It's not bad, and it does have a unique water taste, so I'm sure this will be someone's absolute favorite water. No one will hate this water.<br /><br />Pros:<br />+This is good water<br />+Has a unique taste<br />+Everyone will like it, but not a lot of people will ask for more<br /><br />Cons:<br />-I expect more from Washington water than this
I bought this water when i was at college for the first week. I felt bad using my roommate's water all the time and i was 7 states away from home. So i ordered this water. It was delicious, but the only complaint i have is that the bottles were REALLY...well...plastic-y. I felt really un-green drinking water out of these HUGE plastic bottles.<br /><br />So now, i just ask my roommate to buy water for me when she goes home on the weekends. I give her $ 4, she runs to walmart and gets me 2 cases of 30 water bottles. Yay me!<br /><br />Sometimes i still think about this water, longing for it as i sip my coffee or tea or ramen-juice and say to myself "This would be so much better with talking rain."<br /><br />Its one college student's battle between deliciousness and eco-friendliness.
Somehow my previous review got deleted. I live in Houston, TX. I buy lots of bottled water-cannot tell any difference between a bottle of Talking Rain and a glass of cold tap water.
Yes the water appears clear, but once the water is heated for tea it turns the tea cloudy. Why is that, well it means it has impurities. Perhaps bacteria?? I'm a Registered Nurse not a water expert, but I can tell you that I am right about the water. I can run my well water from my tap and get the same results, it's awful.  I normally use Brita filters with the pitcher provided and when I heat or even boil the water the tea stays clear. This Means no bacteria have been killed off by the heating process, it means you'd be better off drinking the Brita water!!!!!! I gave this bottle water a chance I got a second case and the same thing happen. I wouldn't drink this water straight from the bottle ever. As a nurse I know it's not a good idea.  If you ever want to know if water is good or clear of bacteria/impurities you can make Lipton tea hot then, as it cools down IF the tea turns very cloudy it has dead bacteria and other impurities. I used the ice cubes made from this bottled water as well, so nothing is different except the tea.  Tried the Brita water and Brita made ice cubes and it remained clear.  Sorry not a good review from me I am afraid.<br /><br /> I was very disappointed as I thought "yeah" a bottled water I can carry to work, so I am not force to pay $1.50 for a bottle from the machine, but it turn out not to be so.<br /><br />Okay, so I tried another company on this website Nestles which in my region came as Deer Park. I have never tried this brand but it is so much better it doesn't,t turn cloudy when I boil it.  So you be you own judge.
Though this coffee was expensive compared to regular store-bought, I am a huge fan. Coffee usually tears up my stomach so I've been a tea drinker for years, but this coffee has a low-acidic level so I can handle it. The aroma is enticing and the bag lasted a long time. I am a fan of beans versus grounds so that was another plus. It was prompt and the packaging ensured my coffee stayed fresh and intact.
I tried this milk chocolate with hazelnuts for the first time recently after reading a review that this brand was the best chocolate in the world. I had to try it and it was worth every penny. I am a dark chocolate fan normally (70% is my favorite) but I have to say I would order this again and give it as a gift. It melted like butter in my mouth and was beyond delightful.
Do not buy this if your thinking its only mango.  Ingredient says "Fruit Juice Blend (Organic White Grape Juice, Organic Apple Juice And Organic Pineapple Juice From Concentrate, Organic Mango Puree."<br /><br />I cancelled order as soon as I realized this drink had grape and pineapple.
I bought this juice because I really like mangoes. It is great refreshing and smooth beverage that everybody in our family enjoy. Will buy again.
These are great spices to use on all food types giving a great flavor.  The bottle sizes are twice the size of that found in a supermarket and about the same price.  So you get more of what you would normally pay for.
These are, without question, the best "diet" crackers I've ever had.  I've had them with and without salt and since I usually put peanut butter on them, I didn't need the salt.<br /><br />These are great for travel, for kids, and when you just need a very low-calorie cracker.
I am not sure why the 2 speciality stores in my area stopped carrying these as they were usually sold out. The cakes are 18 calories, crunchy and good--not like the cardboard taste of thicker rice cakes. Excellent as a base for PB&J, or to make an open face sandwich, or to use in pieces like a chip for dips, etc. Good price on the 12 pack with a 10 month expiration use date.
These stay together better than round ones, which crumble terribly. They are good alone, or with my favorite Artisana Raw Sesame Butter. They are very well packaged which keeps them from getting broken. Also, each package I have opened has been fresh. Thanks for a great product Amazon!
I love this product! So much better than the regular thick rice cakes. They are thin, but very compact, so I use them as a great sandwich bread alternative. They don't break apart quick as easily as the regular rice cakes. I've searched the grocery and health food stores in my area and can't find this product anywhere. I love that they are now available for Subscription through Amazon.com.
These brown rice cakes are by far the best, I have tried many. I can not have very many foods. These are my only snack food that I can have. They are so good I dont feel like I am missing anything.
I waited long and with bated breath for Amazon to restock the bulk packaging for this product, as European-style rice cakes are a pretty specific niche, and they can be a bit difficult to find at local stores (not to mention expensive). These are a very different beast from the American-style rice cakes that most people associate with the name--as other reviews suggest, these aren't quite so air-filled or crumbly, having more the density and thickness of a cracker or crisp flatbread. But unlike those, these are gluten-free, oil-free, unsalted, and contain only one ingredient: 100% puffed brown rice. They've got a nice light crunch that makes them good for snacking, but they're a lot healthier than chips or crackers, and the brown rice is definitely preferable to a more processed white rice cake if you're mindful of blood sugar impact. They're also great for the occasional mild tummy upset, since they're light and bland and don't require the preparation of other bland foods.<br /><br />Try them with hummus! My personal favorite: peanut butter, jam, and a sprinkling of chia seeds. Yum!
I am so happy that Amazon got these back in so I could order my second case. I don't eat wheat, it packs the pounds on me around my middle. Most breads have wheat or if they are gluten free, they cost way too much.<br /><br />I have eaten all kinds of rice cakes. I have found that most will break apart if you're spreading a nut butter on them. Not these! Also there are generally 13 rice cakes in a pkg of round regular rice cakes... this package of rice cakes has 27 pieces in each bag. Also, it's much like consuming a slice of bread without the crusts and they are nice and thin so you don't eat too much of a good thing.<br /><br />Try these if you're dissatisfied with regular rice cakes or if you must have gluten free bread!! I don't believe you will be sorry and Amazon's price is so good and FREE shipping... though the box is sort of big, it's pretty light and stores easily away. I live alone and I'm on my next to last pkg from my first case and they are not at all stale. I stored them in my cool dark garage in their original cardboard box.<br /><br />Also they are made in Belgium if that helps anyone. The packaging is air tight and they come 12 pkgs in a box and are in the perfect sized box, and mine arrived without a sign of any damage and I have yet to find even a single cracked rice cake! They are rather neutral in their taste... I make a special butter spread that I like on them real well. You take equal parts of room temperature butter, olive oil and water and blend ingredients until smooth. You can refrigerate this, it sets up but doesn't get hard so it is always spreadable and tastes really good! I use organic butter, olive oil and filtered water, but you don't have. This spread is so good and I believe it's better for you than straight butter.<br /><br />Also, I only use one cake to make a single sided sandwich, as with any rice cake using two as you would two pieces of bread just doesn't seem to work as well. But a single sided sandwhich with these rice cakes is very enjoyable!<br /><br />Hope this helps you decide to try them. Everyone I've given some to, have had only good comments about them.
Surprisingly tasty. Thin and crip. Very Cracker like and good for snacking. I got these for my husband who is on a very low sodium diet. These are great for when we travel.  It isn't easy finding prepackaged low sodium foods that taste good, but these work quite well.
Crisp/crunchy and thin- very low in sodium. I usually prefer mine plain but shared a package with a friend who enjoyed these with a tuna salad topping. A great alternative to the expensive styrofoam varieties sold at most stores. Excellent product. The rice cakes for this brand are also wonderful and for those on a no salt diet, 0% sodium.
These crackers are great--the beauty is not in their own flavor, but the fact that they are a perfect, crispy, low calorie, gluten-free delivery mechanism for all manner of spreads and slices.  They don't come with over-powering artificial flavorings to compete with a topping of your choice.  Some of my favorites are...peanut butter and banana or laughing cow cheese with turkey pepperoni.
I live on salt and as a result have hypertension. These products work surprisingly fast to lower your high blood pressure and to put it as nice as possible, keep you alive longer. And, that is a scientific fact, as salt is only a habit and has no real useful pupose except to cause many unhealthy habits and conditions. Keep caring about us and don't stop producing foods that are very healthy.
Consumer Reports rated these crackers the highest in inorganic arsenic of all the rice crackers on the market. I like these crackers, but will no longer eat them until the arsenic issue in brown rice is resolved.
These are not only a good value (health food stores really jack up the prices on rice cakes!) but also are nicely thin and easy to use to spread stuff on.
I was able to do so much with these crackers!  they're easy to spread on and stack and put toppings on!  I definitely enjoyed them and so did all my friends =D
Susie's thin cakes are a great snack if you are trying to lose weight or just eat healthy. I bought the one that is sodium, cholesterol, fat and sugar free. For three cakes it is only 54 calories, so you can add a toppin like taboule or your favorite topping without the guilt. They are very tasty. The only problem is the availability of the product. I am on a waiting list with Amazon for this product.
I purchased these based on others recommendations. The rice cakes are delicious. Thinner than the usual rice cakes in the supermarkets. Dense...not full of air. I covered them with PB2 (those watching their weight can eat peanut butter for 45 calories a serving vs 190 for regular PB and it tastes exactly the same). I too highly recommend these rice cakes.
Brew it correctly and you really get a beautiful cup of tea.  I highly recommend this brand.  It is by far the best bagged green tea I have found, and I have tried about all of them.  I brew one bag in a 12 oz mug for 2 minutes.  Absolutely perfect.
If you like green tea that brews for 2 minutes max and you do not "stew" your tea by just leaving the bag in until the tea is bitter, this is the tea for you! Of course, it can be done that way, but IF you have refined tea taste, then you will like this tea. I, personally, love the taste of a good green tea. I am so glad to find this brand available online. No one sells it in my area.
I have tried many different brands of green tea, and this one is, by far, the best one that I have ever tried! The taste is so delicious and each tea bag is tightly sealed in its own special packet, which keeps it totally fresh until you use it. Even the strings are totally natural, with no metal at all, which can affect the taste of the tea. This is my new favorite tea, and I am so glad that I discovered it!
I used to get these from Sam's Wholesale Club, but with this economy, I have not renewed my membership .. so long story short, I bought BumbleBee canned clams and they were HORRIBLE .. so then I bought Geisha Baby Clams and they were not as horrible, but I certainly would not put them in MY clam chowder, so I returned all the unopened cans of BumbleBee and Geisha and am never ever gonna buy them again ... oh, you go right ahead and try those other brands if you don't mind eating POOP .. 'cause that's about all you get .. Clam Juice, and Clam Poop.  Doxee Snow's Clams are ALL CLAMS and CLAM JUICE no clam poop.
I've been eating Snow's clam chowder for years, so I buy a few cans when it's on sale. Well it looks like Bumble Bee has taken over. What a big mistake. When I opened the can, it was all watery and smelled funny. I put it in a bowl to microwave, and noticed how thin it was, but thought I'd try it anyway. It was nasty to say the least. It about made me sick. So I went and opened another of the new cans, more of the same. Then I got an older can of the non-Bumble Bee chowder and it was great like always. If I could give the new junk no stars, I would. Sucks bad.
the clams we're ok overall, quality ext accept only calf the can is filled with clams and the other half is mostly juice. also i expected larger chunks rather than small pieces. product is good though.
This is the mother load of canned clams. Not just a can of juice with a few floaters, but cups and cups of chopped clams. I found no sand residuals,and I was able to use every last drop of juices.Simply devine recipe on the can, best white clam sauce I've ever made...
I guess I thought of this can as being the usual commercial #10 can, so the Price of about $16 a can did not seem too bad, but when they arrived I saw that these were somewhat smaller.  They are less than a half gallon.  I don't see the size as that much of a problem. All I have to do is rethink how I would use it in a recipe and free shipping helped with feeling better about the purchase, but if I saw that size can in a store I would not pay $16.00 for 51 oz. can.<br /><br />I would have to see what fresh clams would cost first.  I would like if they made the clams bigger chunks, but I could buy some fresh to add to it.  Most clam chowder is made with bigger chunks than what Snow makes.<br /><br />Good product despite the price!
Not much to say. I ordered two large cans of "Chopped Clams" for some clam chowder that I will be making soon and they arrived in good condition and in a timely manner.<br /><br /> I have not opened them yet but will in February at my boss's home in the country. I will be making clam chowder in his kitchen with his wife's blessings. There will be a small group of us there and we will be shooting guns as part of the day's activities. I hope they like the clam chowder! Things could get ugly... L.O.L.
These are great beans for the price. If you live in a big city, however, I'd suggest buying green beans at a local Ethiopian shop or even a community Coop. I also remember a Pea berry out of East Timor that was outstanding, but this Tanzanian Pea berry is comparable to standard beans.
We have been using this food for about 6 months now and find it to be just excellent! Other than the fact our two dogs (a Coton de Tulear 15lbs, and Standard Poodle puppy 40lbs) both love the food, but are thriving.  Their coats are in excellent condition and their overall structure is perfect.  Good tasting to the dog and good for them and a good deal for the owner.  All around the best food we have ever used.  Excellent!!!
I'm glad my 45lb cocker/standard poodle puppy loves the stuff because I trust the brand and its superior nutrition. Compare labels! My previous feed (Pedigree) was mostly corn. My little dude is healthy and happy and high energy and has a glossy coat. Also, superior nutrition produces smaller, compact stools.
I received the K-cups on time and in execellant condition. I usually drink coffee, but at night the Hot cocoa is good with a snack, just before bed.
This is the best hot cocoa I've had in a K-Cup!  The taste is smooth and creamy.  It's perfect for a cold morning or an evening hot drink.  I would definitely recommend this product.  The best part is that it can be ordered on auto delivery so I never run out.
I'm pregnant and had to,give up my hot cup of coffee. I thought maybe a hot cup of this will suffice? Sure does! Throw the kcup,in- and this is the best hot choc ever! I choke down my vitamins with it too! Worth it and so cheap here!
This is quite the buy compared to other hot chocolates. The kids love it quick and easy.I will order this hot chocolate again.
Kids loved it. Great product at a great price.  My little one can make her own hot cocoa without my assistance.
Even on the small cup setting of the elite, these are a little weak for me.  Make sure you shake the cups before putting them in your machine or they will be way too weak.  I also run a cup of hot water thru the maker before using these so there is no coffe taste to them.
The hot chocolate is my husband's favorite.  Service was also great, as it usually is.  Very popular now with winter coming on.
I like the rich dark smooth taste of the Grove Square cocoa. It is the best I have found in K-cups and I have been on auto delivery for at least a few months now. Delicious!
Looks like and tastes like chocolate colored water. No chocolate flavor whatsoever, this was a complete disappointment.  I got the hot chocolate k-cups from swiss miss instead.  How people can be giving this product four and five stars is astounding to me, is the Amazon ratings system being gamed for this product?
Excellent coffee for people on a tight schedule. My Fiancee fell in love with my brother in law's and had to have one! Now, everyone that visits our house has to try a cup and keeps coming back for more. Also like the fact that there's a wide variety of coffee flavors to choose from.
The kids love the hot cocoa and I like the fact that I can get the stuff shipped to me when I need it without worry of order.
This was the best purchase that I could have made for my daughter. It was priced beautifully and my daughter can study without worrying about the price for her college books. Thanks so much!!
AS  A CHOCOHOLIC FOR  MANY YEARS I CRAVE A GOOD CUP OF HOT CHOCOLATE.  THIS DONE IN THE KEURIG IS REALLY EASY AND FAST.  THE MILLK CHOCOLATE<br />IS TASTY AND THE DARK CHOCOLATE TASTES LIKE THE MANY CUPS OF COCOA I HAD AS A CHILD.  NOT PARTICULARLY CARRIED AWAY BY THE  PEPPERMINT<br />FLAVOR BUT IT WAS NOT STRONG ENOUGH  TO MATTER.
My family loves all three flavors. The dark chocolate is my favorite.  The price was unbeatable.  I will buy this product again.
I found this too sweet. Am hoping there's an unsweetened version available. Not very chocolatey too, kinda like Swiss miss.
It has artificial sweetener which not only taste bad to me but also gives me a headache. This should say light or diet to let the buyer know this. I would have never bought it had I known. It seems like it would taste good otherwise.
It tastes good and is little sweet so my first thought was that it had a lot of sugar.  I looked on the box and was surprised that it did not have that much. (a plus for me)
I have to admit based on most of the reviews I was sold on getting the 48 pack.  Was a mistake. All three flavors had a distinct taste of the sucralose.  That is the name of the artificial sweetner, in the product.  If you like Splenda,you may like this.  But, it has a distinct taste. Unfortunately not for me. A few friends of mine that tried it and said,"It wasn't bad." Unfortunately, that was the best of the comments.<br />If you really want a good cup of hot chocolate try Cafe Escapes or Swiss Miss.  Both are twice as good in my opinion. Liked the Escapes best.  Wish I liked the artificial sweetner, but the that taste has a distinct after taste. Probably would be better without the artificial stuff and more regular sugar. If your going to order I would get the small pack to try it.  Better then throwing out 30.  Try Cafe Escapes and Swiss Miss and see for yourself.
This is the best Hot Cocoa product I have found for the Keurig K-cup Brewer. The others I have tried do not have the test or alot of the product remains in the cup.
They have some really good hot chocolate. I got a single pack before and it was so good that I reordered some more. I like to make a mocha by brewing one of these and then one coffee (use a big cup).<br /><br />One thing to note: these dont have a strainer inside, the entire contents are meant to be used (unlike the coffee Kcups) so it will feel empty once done. I would not recommend brewing on the smaller cup settings. Use a standard mug or larger because the smaller settings wont get all the chocolate from the inside to come out.<br /><br />Also, kids may not like the peppermint flavor.... But that is my favorite one. If you don't want to get the variety pack, they sell the individual flavors too.
I brew the 8 oz cups, 10 and 12 makes it too thin. It's good at that point but adding some creamer, whipped cream, and or cinamin always improves it.
Husband and Grandaughter LOVE this cocoa... Make it for them all the time as I drink my coffee.. My husband is a very picky person but for some reason he really likes this one product and wants me to keep it in stock here at the house.. Loves it at night after dinner on cold evenings.
These k-cups are awesome.  They taste no different (Personally, I think better) than those which are priced three times as much!  I highly recommend this product!
I have purchased other hot cocoa cups but find Grove Square to be about the best of them all.  I usually add two teaspoons of the the flavored coffeemate creamers, my favorite being the Sugar Free Caramel Macchiato.  By adding the sugar free creamer the taste is there but not the calories.
The most chocolatey and smooth hot cocoa ever, Yum! It has the best price and taste for the Keurig K-Cup Brewer. Way better then at least 3 other peicer brands--we've tried different ones and this is the best and super super fast delivery. Thanks
Makes pretty good cocoa and a lot easier than on the stovetop.  Not as sweet as I would prefer and needs to be stirred to keep it in suspension.  I guess I can add marshmallows:-)
Arrived quick and on-time, and what a great value! Definitely pleased with my purchase, and will likely buy again =)
Great option for excellent taste, price, and convenience. A repeat customer on these! We order these now in the 36 pack instead of getting at the grocery store.
Grove square Hot Cocoa is just the right amout of milk chocolate, not to much chocolate, just the right mixture. Delicious! I say a good cup of hot chocolate. Try Grove Square Hot Cocoa, Milk Chocolate K cups for Keurig Coffee Makers. Enjoy! I did.
this hot coca tastes pretty good when brewed on 8oz setting however its not the best I've ever tasted nor the worst. its hard to rate this because everyone has different tastes so its ether you like it or you don't. I my self happen to like it and will buy again unless I find something better.
This is a great buy.  I love this hot chocolate because it is very low in sugar and has a good taste.  It isn't messy like regular hot chocolate as it is all dissolved before it hits the cup.  Would buy again.
Yum!  All the convenience you expect with a K-Cup with all the flavor of real hot chocolate.  The kids love it, and so will you!
I really like the flavor of this hot chocolate.  The kids love the flavor too.  I always keep a box of this in the house as my kids and their friends are avid coco drinkers.  This makes it easier and less messy even for the younger ones.  No more powder spilled on the counter tops this way!
This is one of my wife's favorite. Grove Square has another great product to share with Kcup users.  Now we need some specials  to bring the price per unit down.
My husband and I both love this hot chocolate. We are on the auto shipment for every other month and we are going to have to change it to every month!
My family really enjoys Grove Square Hot Cocoa Milk Chocolate and we keep a supply on hand.  The excellent price is what made us choose this brand but the taste is what makes us continually renew our order.
I have tried several types of hot chocolate since purchasing my Keurig and this is by far the one I enjoy the most.  I have it shipped every month so that I don't worry about running out!!!
I liked the milk chocolate version, so tried this.  It is just as good, and with the more intense chocolate flavor, appeals to my chocolate desires.
When I bought my Keurig brewer, I eagerly looked for other beverage options for my wife who is not a coffee drinker.  I'm still looking.  The Grove Square Hot Cocoa had a nasty aftertaste, almost metallic.  No amount of cleaning/tinkering with the brewer made any improvement.  I used the brewer to make hot water for a Nestle Hot Cocoa pack, and that was a far superior beverage.  The Grove Square quickly found it's way to the trash.  I'll find quality mixes and use the Keurig to heat the water from now on.
It's okay but it does not have a rich chocolatey taste. I actually find it to have a funky taste, can't quite figure it out.
After trying several brands of Hot Cocoa my kids have decided that this is the one for them.  I'm certainly happy about it because not only is it delicious, but it's also more affordable.  3 boys can consume a box of hot cocoa very quickly, even with limits set.  It's also very convenient to have it shipped automatically.  If we don't drink that much I simply skip a month.  If friends come over and we drink a lot, I just order an extra box.  It's quick, simple and delicious.
To everyone worried about not getting a full cup to run through your machine with these k-cups, here's the trick.  Put it in your machine, close the lid, open the lid, turn 90 degrees, close the lid and repeat two more times.  You should have closed the lid on the k-cup four times by now.  Next step is to hit the brew button.  The problem is the needle is too small to run the chocolate through.  With the extra three holes it all flows out very quick and turns out good.  Would have given them five stars if it was able to run through the needle like it is supposed to.  Could have been a little thicker overall, but not bad.
the greatest, best chocolate taste in any keurig k-cups out there. will definitely order more. everyone in the office tries to steal them. i'm a chocolate nut, and these pass the test.
I have tried different brands of hot cocoa from dark to milk and the Grove Square milk chocolate k-cups have by far been the best.  They're big critics in my family and they have given two thumbs up.  I would recommend anyone who enjoys hot cocoa to purchase this brand.
great product for keurig coffee maker. works fine with coffees and cocoa mixtures. Is good for just hot chocolate. like purchase price
I enjoy the selection and they have all met my expectations so far.  My sister wioll not try any favor but milk chocolate but I am glad I brought the variety pack anyway
This hot chocolate is much better than other k cup hot chocolates I have tried.  It is not watery.  I have tried both the milk and dark chocolate version and like them both.
So far Grove Square has the best hot chocolate K-cups.  We have tried a couple others but they don't compare.
When I was talking to a neighbor about getting a Keurig she told me not to get cocoa.  This was in a group of beverages that I got when I ordered my Keurig and I think it is very good.  It is rich, creamy, and exactly what I want when I want a cup of cocoa!  I would order this again.
This Hot chocolate is very good. It has just the right amount of milk chocolate flavor. The price is a very good deal and more than worth it!
I don't ven know why i ordered these, it was just on a whim. But what a surprise when I brewed myself some hot chocolate. The taste was unbelievable, just like homemade. Maybe a tad too sweet, but a tiny little bit of instant coffee added to it did the trick. Love it.
I was expecting something more... considering the Keurig does such a good job with coffee.<br />But this stuff? Everybody who sampled it here said it tasted just like Nestle's powdered hot chocolate in a mug with hot water. Watery, sugary, and nothing special.
this item has an awesome chocolate flavor. i would recommend this product to anyone looking for hot chocolate for their keurig or any machine that uses k-cups. Great product
I was hoping this was a good idea.  However we tried them even after I heard they tasted bitter like artificial sweetner and it was true.  Not the same as the stuff from the can.
Ordered this in the colder weather and it was great in the morning. Very easy and fast to prepare in K-Cups.
I saw these on sale so I nabbed them.  For anything larger than a 6oz cup, the results will be too weak.  I end up brewing one with 6oz of water and then a cappuccino or something on top of it.<br /><br />The peppermint was the flavor I was anxious to try but it ended up being the dark chocolate that I loved the most.  I'm on the fence about ordering hot cocoa k-cups in the future.  It might be better to stick with canned cocoa and just use the water from my Keurig.
The Grove Square Hot Coco K-Cups have a good flavor but I find that the k-cups do not have enough hot coco mix to make that perfect cup. Thus I recommend putting a little less water in order to make each cup just right.
After drinking Swiss Miss watered down hot chocolates taste for so long, this is a very tasty creamy hot chocolate. My kids love it so I tried it and its the best I had in a while. I will be ordering more.
A pleasant surprise awaited me when I first ordered Grove Square milk chocolate Hot Cocoa cups. Not a coffee drinker,<br />I use our Keurig K-cup brewer mostly to make cocoa, and a few other brands I tried simply did not hit the mark. Grove Square cocoa tasted full-flavored, with just enough chocolate essence to make it a perfect drink. The first experience made me anticipate (with pleasure) the next time I popped a Grove Square K-cup into the machine!
GROVE STREET HAS THE ABSOLUTE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE FOR THE KEURIG.  YOU SHOULD ALWAYS HAVE HOT CHOCOLATE AVAILABLE TO SOOTHE AWAY THE DAYS ANXIETIES!
My mom and son love the flavor of this hot chocolate. Add a little bit of milk afterwards and 1 splenda and the taste is amazing.
I was hesitant to try this cocoa after all the horrible reviews about how it tasted so bad, and had a really bad Sucralose flavor. I don't know if I'm just not as picky as others or what it is, but I thought this hot cocoa was really good. Creamy and rich, and almost TOO sweet. I don't think it has an "aftertaste" though, how some have described. I used the middle water setting on my Keurig or "small mug"...7.25 oz., I guess. Everyone has their own tastes and preferences, but as for me, I really like this product!
This is hands down the best tasting k-cup hot chocolate available.  The Cafe Escapes or whatever the brand name is tastes very watered down and artificial, while this one tastes thicker and milkier.  I love the dark chocolate flavor, although if I didn't know it wasn't dark I probably couldn't have told the difference between it and a regular cup of cocoa.  I will stick with the flavor just because it will probably be richer than the milk chocolate option.  These are such a hit at my house when the weather is cool.  Everyone always wants hot chocolate!<br /><br />Something to note on this is that these work much better when used with about 6 oz per k-cup.  I use 2 k-cups per mug and the flavor is much better than when I try one (too watery).
My grandson loves this.  He makes a cup everytime he stops over. It quick and easy and the taste is good.
As far as single serve cocoas go, this is one of the best.  I wouldn't say it's as good as some of the handmade ones, but it's still good!
nice variety pack. has 3 dofferent hot chocolates in one package. milk, dark and peppermint. nice holiday feel. good for company during the season.
We received this order in perfect condition. I purchased this product for my mother-in-law. She likes the convenience of the product in the Keurig Coffee Maker. The chocolate does not stick to the sides of the cup like the cheap hot chocolate in the paper bags. Overall it tastes pretty good. It is a little weak but good. Use only on the small cup setting in the Keurig. 4 stars.
I bought this because it was a very good price.  It was really good though.  I love mixing a peppermint with a dark chocolate and having a double sized up of hot cocoa.<br /><br />Will keep buying this until they don't sell it anymore. It is really creamy.  I like it best with 6 ounces of water, gives it a thicker feel.
I was disappointed by the fact that all three boxes I received had already expired.  Luckily enough, the flavors had not yet degraded.<br /><br />I specifically bought these in order to get the peppermint flavor.  I was hoping for more.  The peppermint hot chocolate does not have much peppermint flavor to it, but we will still enjoy it and both of the other flavors.
I keep this on hand for the young at heart.  We enjoy a cup almost every night.  Good taste.  will buy again.
So if you are a person who likes swiss miss / hot cocoa packets or hot cocoa from a gas station SO DO NOT GET THIS PRODUCT!  I can not taste any chocolate flavor in it whatsoever.  It just tastes like heated sugar water and nasty sugar water at that.  This product has a strong fake sugar taste and I am perfectly OK with diet sodas and other fake sugar products.  There is something about this I just can not put a finger on it but it made my stomach curl.  I even waited for it to cool down, but it got worse.  Very disapointed in this product and it was not what I was expecting at all.
This is delicious hot chocolate. It is best at 8 oz cup, but can be stretched to 10. And 8oz of strong coffee and you have delicious mocha
I've had many hot cocoa K-Cups and I must say this one is the best by far. The Green Mountain one has a half & half bitter aftertaste while the grove square is very pleasant and is as close as you can get without actually using milk.
I really like this hot chocolate mix.  I was concerned, when I read some of the reviews, that I would not like it but I like it alot.  To me it has just the right amount of chocolate and is not to sweet.  I would recommend this product.
All this is, is artificially sweetened hot cocoa mix that is placed in a Kcup delivery device.  What a waste of money.  Also, Grove Square products are notoriously inferior.
My kids like this cocoa, but I find flavor less delicious than the more expensive <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VQXYMQ">Green Mountain Coffee Hot Cocoa, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>.
very easy to use not the best flavor It has too much sugar and is not a quality I thought I was getting
The hot cocoa is delicious and is strong enough to make the larger size. I find all three flavors delicious with my favorite being the dark cocoa.  The best bang for the buck I have so far found for hot cocoa.  I tend to use my coffee maker for everything but coffee.
Very good hot chocolate.  I have tried a few different brands, and this one is the best I have tried.  Should be priced higher for the quality you get.
I've been buying this milk hot chocolate for months now and it's one of the best I've had.  I even got my in-laws hooked on it and my granddaughters absolutely love it!  Great price, great product!
Just what I was looking for tired of going to the store to pick these up and always being sold out! I love the flavor not so sweet and just right!! Thank you! and will be buying again!!
My oh my is this cocoa sweet. Too sweet I'd say. You're better off making hot cocoa from scratch. I bought this because I thought the minty flavor would be good, but it's too sweet. So are the dark and milk chocolate flavors.
I was a little skeptical when I bought this, but it has really been a great purchase.  The cocoa is DELICIOUS!  It's so easy to just make my daughter and I some cocoa quickly before sitting down to watch a movie.  I didn't have to add anything to it, but I did add a tiny bit of milk just to cool it down.  I would definitely recommend this product and purchase it again.
I didn't read the reviews thoroughly and found out too late that this product has enough sugar to give it 60 calories and 11 grams of carbohydrate in each cup. I tried one with a bit of cream and found it to be very tasty. I'll keep it around for friends and family or perhaps an occasional mini-splurge. I'd like to see amazon include nutritional info in the future.
This is really tasty hot chocolate.  I like it much more than the dark chocolate flavor but that is just my preference...
Good value for the money. These are good. The hot cocoa is excellent however, don't get the coffee cuz its instant!
Not bad at all when I use CoffeeMate CHOCOLATE creamer.<br />I still like swiss mix made with 2% milk a little better.<br />But as far K-Cups go, this milk chocolate with the Coffeemate Chocolate Creamer is not bad.<br />And currently, it is less than $11.00 for 24 cups.
My boyfriend and I really like these k cups. We have tried others and they were kind of gross. These are the ones we will stick with. Can't go wrong.
This is a great hot cocoa as long as you read the box and only use the 8oz setting on your coffee make. Otherwise it will taste watered down. Also it is an instant coffee so dont be surprised by it.
The product is not bad, but must brew at smallest cup size or it has no flavor.  Definitely an aftertaste. Watery.
A hot chocolate packet was the first K-Cup on my new Keurig (it was 1 a.m. and I wasn't ready for coffee before bed). I had read they ran a little watery but I decided to try it on the 10 oz. setting, took a sip, and tossed it. The next morning I made one with 8 oz. and added some whipped cream. The taste was kind of grainy and it was still pretty watery. My husband made one to try at 6 oz. and said it tasted like sugar water. I might try combining 2-3 6 oz. servings to use the box up but we won't be buying more.
A good cup of hot chocolate...with a couple of marshmellows.  Make it for my daughter every time she visits. She is nearly 60, and she loves it.
All three flavors have a nice aroma and rich chocolate taste. Peppermint is our favorite. We enjoy a cup after dinner 'flavored' with a bit of creme liquor nearly every night. It's become a tasty habit.
This item had a great price and tastes great. The only thing that could make this product better is if the little plastic cup was recyclable or compostable.
My husband and I really like this cocoa.  I add extra milk to my cup for a creamier flavor, but the convenience cannot be beat.
great deal, especially for the price. Item arrived quicker than anticipated. This has saved me many trips to Dunkin Doniuts as well as saving me paying double the price for a cup of hot chocolate that's just as good. Looking for more to stockpile!
Love them. Hardly notice any aftertaste from sweetener. I don't agree with some of the others that didn't like it...Will buy again...
This product is nice and the price is right but it isn't Swiss Chocolate for sure.<br /><br />Just doesn't have that real deep chocolate taste.
I bought this brand of hot chocolate K cups cause it had the best review on Amazon at the time.  The kids love it - they especially like the peppermint flavor which I can't see any other way to get except in this mixed box.  You get milk chocolate, dark chocolate and peppermint flavors.  I tried it a few times and it is too weak for my taste.  I make it on the lowest setting on my Keurig which I think is around 7 ounces and it is still weak to me but perfect for them.  If you like a strong chocolate flavor this isn't it.
Wow what a deal. These taste just as good as the expensive brands. Most definately will be buying these again.
I feel like I've tried every hot cocoa there is in the k-cups.  While I do think this is the best hot cocoa so far, it still isn't great.  I'm not sure what it is, but all of the cocoa k-cups seem to have a weird taste to them.  It's almost like there is artificial sweetener in them,, but I know there is not.<br />I set it on the smallest cup setting for cocoa.  This has more body to it than others.<br />I'm still waiting and hoping that Dunkin' Donuts will put out their hot cocoa in a k-cup.  There really is nothing better than that.<br />If you want a k-cup hot cocoa, I would def. recommend this over all the others.
I HATE SUCRALOSE.<br /><br />Honestly, I don't know how other people CAN'T taste it when it's in sweetened products. It's got this unpleasant fake flavor that I just can't ignore. I think any company that uses that junk should be required by law to indicate it on their box and all advertising.<br /><br />That being said, it seems like this hot cocoa has less sucralose than the Cafe Escapes Hot Cocoa, and as such I have to give it higher marks than the competition.<br /><br />Still, I can't believe this product AND its nearest competitor use sucralose but don't say they're a diet, lite, low-sugar, or otherwise unnaturally-sweetened product. It's frustrating. I can taste the stuff, and I really dislike it. I also don't like the chemical makeup of sucralose, but I won't go into that here (just believe me: natural sugar is way better for you in the long run).<br /><br />There's one other choice out there for a hot cocoa in a K-Cup, and that's Swiss Miss. Unfortunately, the Swiss Miss K-Cups are ridiculously high priced and hard to find.<br /><br />My opinion? It's probably better if you just get your favorite hot cocoa in packets, and use the hot water function of your Keurig. It's not worth the K-Cup convenience if you have to put up with artificial sweeteners or significantly higher prices. Spending more than seventy-five cents per cup of water-based hot cocoa is about the limit for me.<br /><br />So, if you're into sucralose/Splenda, then by all means grab this and enjoy that weird aftertaste and decidedly not-sugar flavor. If you're like me, though, and can't stand that artificial stuff, then avoid this product and find another option.<br /><br />Three stars for tasting decent despite the awful artificial sweetener. Minus two stars for being artificially sweetened and not mentioning it anywhere.<br /><br />UPDATE:  I just found out that the Swiss Miss K-Cups also use sucralose. So really, your only choice is to get packets and use your Keurig as a hot water dispenser. How disappointing.<br /><br />UPDATE 02/12: After some research, I found that there is one K-Cup hot cocoa that doesn't have sucralose; However, it is loaded with fructose instead (not the greatest trade-off, since it tastes different from sugar/sucrose, in my opinion) and has no actual sugar/sucrose in it. That one is Green Mountain Coffee Hot Cocoa. Unfortunately, reviews of it say it has a strong coconut flavor (probably because the second ingredient is coconut oil) and is on the salty side, so I have avoided it. It's also more expensive per-cup, and unless you think a single cup of cocoa is worth over a dollar and twenty-five cents (as opposed to a box of 12 packets being around two dollars) then go ahead and try it. I will refrain at this point and stick to using packets.<br /><br />I would also like to clarify again that despite what some comments say, the Cafe Escapes Hot Cocoa K-Cups, Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa K-Cups, and Grove Square Hot Cocoa K-Cups ALL use sucralose. Yes, there is sugar in some of those, but it is IN ADDITION TO sucralose/Splenda, and not by itself.<br /><br />So your choices right now are pure sucralose, sucralose plus a sugar, or pure fructose. None of them is appetizing to me, and all of them make the cost per cup of cocoa quite unpleasant.<br /><br />43 servings of sugar-sweetened cocoa in a canister will run you around six bucks, and it's no more complicated than a K-Cup if you know how to operate a spoon.
These Grove Square Hot Cocoa flavors are by far the best tasting we have found for the Keurig. We took a chance on these due to the high review ratings and it was a pleasant surprise that all three flavors are really good.<br /><br />Dark Chocolate - My favorite, very good even on the "large" cup setting<br />Milk Chocolate - Excellent on the "small" cup and good on the "large" cup setting<br />Peppermint - Everyone likes this one, on either cup size setting<br /><br />These do contain Sucralose in addition to sugar, I don't notice the taste but my wife does (but she still likes them).<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
Excellent product! A tip from the Keurig people: shake the K-cup before using it. This prevents the cocoa from clumping and results in more flavor.
I have read some really funny reviews about this product.  Some complain that there is noting left in the pod after it has filled the cup, so 'therefore' it must have been an instant mix!  Brilliant deduction, Sherlock!  What did you expect...to see choco-grounds in the cup?  Yes, it is no doubt cheaper to go some other route, that's why 4 instead of 5 stars.<br /><br />But the taste is what you want to know about, right?  The Dark Chocolate flavor is fairly robust with little 'grittyness' to it.  Plop a marshmallow in the cup before brewing and you'll have a real treat!  It comes out strong enough on either the 6 oz or 10 oz setting of the brewer.  Not surprisingly, the milk chocolate flavor is not as strong and a little smoother.  Marshmallow trick has a little different effect making the milk chocolate not only creamier and smoother but a little dilute too.  So, maybe a few mini-marshmallows instead of a full-sized one for this flavor.  Oh, and definitely go 6 oz cup.  My oldest granddaughter and I contest for the peppermint chocolate.  She wins, of course, but it's pretty good when I can get one.  No marshmallow needed.  The hint of peppermint is just enough.  6 oz cup on this one is the best way to go, too.<br /><br />I think I got the cups sizes right.  If I didn't, you'll figure it out.  Btw, I'd imagine the reason it's always out of stock is because people keep buying it!  I've dipped into the supply well a few times myself.  Pretty good. Pretty cheap. Pretty hard to get at times.  I'll buy it again!
Everyone in my family likes hot cocoa. I was running plain water through my k-cup maker and using hot cocoa from a canister but my kids didn't really get the right measurements and more often than not we would have overflow. So I decided to try this for my kids and it makes a perfect cup every time. No overflow. The taste is good, its creamy with enough cocoa to water ratio for my kids. I will be ordering this product from now on for my family.<br />In the interest of product comparison, we have ordered Timothy's white hot chocolate, and Green Mountain Hot cocoa, Timothy's was great, but pricy, and Green Mountain didn't really taste all that great to our family. It had a watered down taste to it.
When I weigh the convenience of a K cup against the price and the taste, I would characterize these as a winner. Not the best cup of cocoa on the planet but compared to making it yourself or using a packet, these are pretty darn good. They nice a nice chocolate flavor with no funny after taste that I've had with some other brands. Do not select 10 oz on your machine though. Make it only at 6 or 8 oz otherwise it will be watery in my opinion. All in all a fine cup of hot chocolate.
I am actually surprised at how good this product is. I am a Cuisinart Keurig owner with two teens that love to drink hot cocoa and cider pretty much year round.<br /><br />Price point: The price for these at the store ( exact brand ) is almost triple of what we pay here for the same amount, with subscribe and save this makes these quite affordable for my family use. In comparison to other more expensive brands it's a great bargain without sacrificing quality over quantity.<br /><br />Flavor wise: My kids love it, and have already asked me to purchase more. My daughter says that the peppermint is right on and not too weak even if using a larger cup. I love the dark chocolate in my coffee to make a mocha ( 10oz coffee to 4 oz chocolate ) and it's much better than some other brands that I have tried in the past.<br /><br />Overall impression:  Great value, good flavor, excellent price point I will be purchasing more.
Ordered on a whim.  My first "Grove Square" purchase.  Great for the family's occasional cocoa desire.  Being a K-Cup it's fast and easy.  Was a little worried the cocoa might leave some after taste in my coffee, so far so good.  Great cup of dark, rich cocoa.  Maybe could taste a LITTLE better if it was from a gourmet brand you mix yourself with steamed milk.  The ease and simplicity, and lack of clean up, make this a better option for me.  Will order again.  Nice to see it on subscribe and save.
My box of Grove Square Hot Cocoa arrived today and I've just tried it. Delicious. Made a big cup [by mistake] but I'm happy with the flavor and consistency.  No off tastes that I can discern.  A little disappointed at high sodium content. Nice to have as fall starts to chill.
I really, really dislike Sucralose.  I don't like the taste, the aftertaste, or the after effects.  I bought this based on it NOT saying it was "diet" or "low calorie".  The first ingredient is Sugar so it's only partially sweetened with Sucralose.  Sucralose is buried way down in the ingredients list but the taste is noticeable.<br /><br />Sure wish Amazon contained the full nutrition and ingredients labels from all food products.
OK - this is not the finest European chocolate.  BUT, you can make it in your Keurig and all 3 flavors taste good.  I've joined the "club" and get the lowest possible cost.  No charge to join and no effort to quit.  Why not?  It's nice to have when you're dieting, because it's just enough chocolate to keep you on track.  Non-dieters will like it for the convenience.
I've tried a few different Hot Cocoa brands for my Keurig... And have been disappointed EVERY time, until now! Cocoa brews smooth and full flavored-on either the small cup size or the medium! I add a splash of almond milk and I'm ready to go :) Perfect! I'll definitely buy this again.
I recieved a Keurig K-Cup Brewer for Christmas with sample cups of coffee and tea but no cocoa so I tried this brand and I like them but I haven't tried other brands yet to compare with. I would buy these again until I find one I like better.
I see a lot of complaints about Grove Square hot chocolate. I think it tastes ok considering it's a k-cup, not homemade and not gourmet. I don't have anything negative to say the company or the product, it's relatively inexpensive and the company didn't falsely advertise or make any promises about the taste.
I really like hot cocoa!  I like it sooo much that I have a Cocoa Latte machine, which is great, but sometimes I just want one cup of cocoa not a whole pitcher.  When that happens I used to put on the kettle and heat up the water, then pour in a packet of cocoa mix and stir, and stir, and stir.  And after all that stirring, I'd still get little lumps in my cocoa.  With the K-cups, I get smooth rich cocoa with NO lumps and NO clean-up.  Easy and yummy!<br /><br />Please note: THESE ARE NOT SUGAR-FREE.  The very first ingredient in each flavor is sugar and I did not see any artifical sugar listed in the ingredients.  Each cup has only 60 calories, but if you want sugar-free or are diabetic then this product is probably not for you.
Very good hot cocoa.  And price was right<br /><br />Awesome and passing the word on the item.  Will buy it again
The thing I like most about this brand of hot chocolate is that once I remove it from the keurig, it doesn't leak all over the place.  For some reason, all the hot chocolates I've purchased before leak all over when you remove them from the coffee pot.  My coffee doesn't do that so not sure why that is.  This is a great deal for the amount you get as well, and taste yummy!
I found this brand and the fact that it was dark chocolate made it by far the best I've had for my Keurig.  I will continue to order this particular brand.
I love these hot chocolates. I think they're way better than the cafe express hot chocolates. These and the Swiss Miss hot chocolate are my favorite K-Cups. And the price of these are the best I've been able to find. My girlfriend and I have already gone through about half of them in about two weeks, and I never used to drink much hot chocolate.<br />I recommend these
I really enjoy this hot chocolate with a little fat free half & half for creaminess. Being that I am not a coffee drinker these k cups offer a nice change from tea. The local stores sell this as well but it's half the amount of cups and almost the same price. Buy from Amazon.
I like to brew a k-cup cocoa into my coffee for a nice mocha.  This dark chocolate flavor is quite nice, especially mixed with Double Black Diamond coffee.  Though not the very best, it is good, and the price is right, compared to other brands.
Since I am willing to try alot of new things. I thought that I would buy this product.. And since I do like hot cocoa, I bought 2 boxes.. WORST thing I could have done.. This is bland, with very little flavour. It also has a grainy texture near the bottom of the mug.<br />Personally I will not buy this product again. I will stay with swiss miss or another hot cocoa brand for the Keurig K-Cup
Does not have a rich chocolate flavor. Tastes a little watery. Not sure who a makes a great cocoa but this is not it.
Taste was decent, a little sugary, but very creamy otherwise. Very happy with this product. I will be buying this product again. Packaging interesting, as it's a giant box for the product to float around in until it delivers to your house.
Grove Square Hot Chocolate is the best K-cup hot chocolate. I read many reviews before making this purchase, and now I agree, and will continue to buy this brand.
My kids have been begging for hot cocoa k-cups and when I found these so reasonably priced I decided to give them a try.  We all loved them.
This tastes like it has artificial sweetener in it and doesn't taste very chocolatey. The name brand cocoa Kkups are better, or just dumping a regular cocoa packet in a cup and running the water through into it is better.
All three tastes rich and chocolaty, not chalky at all. We were surprised how good they are, better than any other K-cup cocoa we've tried.
Just plain nasty!!! This item tasted like cardboard, very watered down and no flavor to it at all.  Very disappointed
This brand is by far the best K cup hot cocoa not that that says much, but it is thicker and less disgusting than the rest.
Thin, runny, and the fake milk powder used to add "creaminess" has an off flavor. Better off eating your ceramic mug.
You can't beat this deal! 3 Boxes of 16 K-Cups for little more then $20. No other store can even match that price for Hot Chocolate K-Cups. Your normally going to be paying around $12-$16 for 16 K-cups alone. This package give you 48 K-Cups for a great price.<br /><br />The Hot Chocolate itself is great tasting and can be used on mostly all settings for the B70 except for the travel mug. Low in calories and great tasting. Defiantly a must have if you own a Keurig brewing system!
Not too sweet.  The best K-cup hot chocolate I've tried thus far. The kids loved drinking and making the hot chocolate.
Grove Square is the best k-cup hot cocoa I've tried.  And I've tried a number of the other brands.  This tastes like "real" cocoa used to taste. And if you add a little milk it's even better. It's so hot from the Keurig that the milk helps cool it down anyway. If your looking for a real chocolate-ly flavor give this a try.
I don't expect great hot chocolate from a k-cup, but it should at least taste like there's some cocoa in it. I can't believe how bad this stuff tastes. I tried it 3 times, and then threw the rest away.
Best hot chocolate available for K-cups. Best taste, after taste. Great in any size when brewed. Highly recommend over any other company.
Of the few Hot Cocoa flavors we've tried, this is the best so far.  It has the richest flavor and I dont notice the artificial taste that others have commented on.  Its also very affordable compared to other k-cups right now.  I thought that the k-cup making process must have gotten more expensive over the last year, but now I know they are truely sticking it to us since these are still reasonable priced.
This is the absolute best hot cocoa for the Keurig Brewers. All of the other Hot Cocoa's that we have tried we had to "doctor" to make them taste good. We had to add more cocoa and more sugar. I was pretty much making my own cocoa, which defeated the purpose of the brewer. But the Grove Square Hot Cocoa does not need any help. In my opinion, It has just the right amount of flavor!!
Oh so good. The first cup I had was on the medium setting. It was too sweet. So I had my second on the larger setting and it was perfect! This is a creamy hot chocolate. Add a little milk and and whipped cream, and your set!!!!
I was quite pleased with e flavor of this product. A good, strong, yet not overpowering flavor.  Rich chocolate flavor. VERY pleasing. I highly recomend this product!
I'm giving this product 5 stars because I think it is great considering that it is made with water.  The hot chocolate is best if you shake the cup and then brew using the smallest possible cup size.  If you want a large cup of hot chocolate, use 2 k-cups.  It is fairly low in calories, most likely because artificial sweeteners are necessary to get all the ingredients into the little k-cup.
I wish I had listened to the other bad reviews.  The artificial sweetener taste is awful.  I gave two stars only because my husband doesn't seem to mind.  I can't drink this- even if they were a bargain.
Better than expected, but the peppermint flavor lacks a mint smell or taste. This is a good purchase for the price.
I looked forward to a delicious hot cocoa, but was very disappointed with the flavor. It has an awful aftertaste, like the taste you get after drinking a bad diet soda. Also kind of weak, even on the smallest cup setting.
So bad, I returned it. My children didn't even like it, and they are not difficult to please when it comes to sweet drinks or food.
KCups are a godsend; among KCups, these are near the top.<br /><br />The Keurig brewer is a blessing, hot beverages in seconds, mostly coffee; but there are greater and lesses among the coffees, and so, it seems, among the hot cocoas.<br /><br />This is so rich and vibrant, it announces itself from two rooms away.  Silky, smooth, bursting with all the things chocolate is supposed to deliver, it's a must-have in this household.
This is the best hot cocoa I have tried for the Keurig.... Rich, chocolate flavor (I used the 6oz setting) and it is not watery.  If you like hot cocoa, and the convenience of a K-cup, this is the one to get!
I bought this for my daughter and grandson. They both tried it at different times and they both said it had a funny taste and did not drink it. Therefore I will not buy it again.
The artificial sweetener ruined this for me... It leaves the fake sugar taste in your mouth and my husband, who drinks diet soda, even noticed. At least it wasn't pricey.
Grove Square Milk Chocolate Cocoa k cups are great! I usually make hot cocoa from scratch with milk over the stove. I thought this was easier and delicious. To add creaminess I put in either a splash of milk or a shot of whipped cream--perfect!
I ordered the hot cocoa for my grandson for Christmas.  He loves the flavor and is able to make it on his own.  Delivery was good, I had it in several days but still in plenty of time for Christmas.  Would recommend to anyone.
Good flavors in this combo. Not really strong but I will just set the machine on less water next time.
Love this brand. Great price with save and subscribe. My husband loves them. Top with whipped cream in a can and I have a happy man. I wish you could buy all pepermint cocoa.
Great taste and does not have the weird chalky after taste that other hot cocoa k-cups have.  I've tasted several and this by far is the better one, but I have to say anything larger than 8oz tastes a bit watered down.  Will definitely purchase more, but at the rate my family downs these, we are probably going to stick to the powdered hot cocoa to be more cost effective.
I ordered this as a christmas present for my Daughter and Son in law. He tried it the day after Christmas and gave it 2 thumbs up.
I bought a box of Grove Square Hot Cocoa because I love their Cappuccino French Vanilla.  I used the medium cup setting and added some whipped cream...it was to die for.  Very yummy and almost as good as homemade.  I never noticed an aftertaste like other reviews, but it could be because of the Redi Whip I added to it.  I highly recommend it.
My wife rates this  5  Stars. SHe is the chocoholic in the family and if you please HER...you please everybody .
I love the flavor that this hot chocolate has.  It is very rich and smooth.  Have tried other brands but did not get the results I wanted.  I will definately be ordering from this company again.
Got a brand new Keurig machine for Christmas and immediately went to work finding the cheapest and best tasting K-Cups on the market. I came across this when searching for some good Hot Cocoa and am amazed at how many K-Cups you really get out of this. 48 K-Cups for about $20 when I purchased was a great deal when most Hot Chocolate prices were 16 K-Cups for $15~$19.<br /><br />This is a great deal and you get to try out Peppermint, Dark Chocolate and Milk Chocolate. It's light on calories and most important of all taste GREAT!<br /><br />Must have if your a Hot Chocolate lover or have family that wants a easy to make, great tasting Hot Chocolate for less!
Fantastic cocoa.  All the flavors are excellent but my personal favorite is the dark chocolate.  I received my Keurig as a Christmas present and I am loving cocoa at the end of the work day...no mixing, no microwave and positively no pot on the stove...just warm, chocolatey goodness on demand. Will order this product again
After trying many of the other hot cocoa k-cup options, I find that the Grove Square product tastes the best.  For my personal taste, I find that brewing on the medium cup size setting creates the best taste.  Just add minature marshmellows and it is a great treat.  However, this is not hot chocolate, which may be a turn off for some tasters.
I have tried a number of k cup hot chocolates and grove square is by far the best yet!  Very nice flavor, doesnt have the nasty artificial sweetener flavor like a lot of the kcup hot chocolates.  very impressed!
I enjoy a good cup of Hot Cocoa on occasion, and this is "good stuff"!!  Not only that but in a time where prices are out of control on K-cups, this product is very reasonable in price.
I bought these for my mom and she loves it.  She mixed eggnog with the dark chocolate.  She enjoyed melting pepermint candies in too.
I bought this mostly because i wanted the peppermint hot cocoa, but i fell in love with the milk chocolate one.  The peppermint was pretty good as well...good cocoa!!!
I tried to find the ingredients for this hot cocoa before I bought it, but couldn't find anything online. Turns out it has one of those mile long ingredient lists, and yet, that didn't help the taste at all. It is awful.<br /><br />I had three boxes of the stuff sitting around for a month and couldn't find any takers. I finally got rid it of it at the Christmas White Elephant gift exchange at work. I put it with a nice cookbook, which was the real present, and wrapped it real prettily. Unfortunately, the boss ended up with it. I haven't asked him if his family enjoyed it because I don't want to put him on the spot. Judging by the reviews, there are a lot of people who like it - hopefully, he will, too. Maybe it just depends on how your taste buds are trained. Mine grew up with hot chocolate made on the stove, with milk, cocoa and sugar, and maybe a tiny pinch of salt.  Compared to that, this stuff tastes like a chemical experiment.<br /><br />Anyway, instead of trying one of the other brands, I now heat some milk in the microwave, stir in a couple spoonfuls of Hershey's cocoa and some sugar to taste. It takes about three minutes, and it's delicious. Now, where did I put those mini-marshmallows?
Sometimes, I'd rather have cocoa instead of coffee at work. This meets my cocoa craving. I do not need to add sugar - just add water and brew!
Everything you'd want from a Hot Chocolate...creamy, milky, tasty, makes you happy :) I can't wait to try the other flavors!
i have tried many brands of the hot chocolates but this by far has been the best.  now, i realize it is thousand percent cheaper to just use the package you can buy at the store and add water but if you want to impress than this is the product.
Having tried all the varieties of hot chocolate k-cups, Grove Square's are by far the best.  They are very chocolaty, rich, creamy, and leave very little sludge in the bottom of your cup.  Yum...
I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I don't drink coffee and I was searching for more hot chocolates for my Keurig. I am a Milk Chocolate fan, but with Grove Square the Peppermint and Dark Chocolate are by far the better choice.Both have a sweetness I wasn't expecting. The flavor is great and I don't want to share. I am definitely reordering more.
This is by far the best hot cocoa I have found yet for the Keurig. I love the assortment and the peppermint is my favorite. I would give these try for sure if you are looking for some hot cocoa K-cups. All the other selections for hot cocoa that I have tried were just okay tasting. These are AMAZING!!!! LOVE THEM! I will order these for sure again!
I just got a Keurig a few weeks ago and wanted to get some hot chocolate for it as an alternative to coffee.  I didn't have super high expectations, but these are absolutely awful.  There is a very strong plastic/chemical taste to these k-cups.  I tried all of them and tried putting some milk in them to help mask the chemical taste and nothing will help.  The only reason I gave these k-cups 2 stars is because my boyfriend can "tolerate" them, but I don't trust him because he'll eat just about anything.  In his opinion they are "not that good" but he will still drink the mug.<br /><br />From what I've read of other hot chocolate k-cups, you'd be better off just buying a regular mix and doing it that way!
After being disgusted by the brown water created by the Cafe Escapes dark chocolate cocoa, we were THRILLED to find these dark chocolate cocoa k-cups.  Delicious!
This is the best Keurig K-Cup hot chocolate you can buy. I've tried others, but will never buy any other brand again.
This Hot chocolate tasted very good!  The whole family liked it!!!  It is a nice change to make Hot Chocolate instead of coffee inthe Keurig coffee maker.  We wold purchase this again.
We had previously tried another brand of hot coca k-cups. We bought these since they seemed to be a pretty good value. We actually like the taste and flavor of these more than the other brand we tried. They have just the right amount of cocoa and sweetness. We like the variety of flavors in the pack also.
I am so glad that this hot chocolate is available for Keurig.  Previously the brand of hot chocolate available was only so-so, but this is definitely better.  The variety pack is just right for every mood and every guest.  I never find myself with too much of any one flavor left over.  Move over coffee lovers, we cocoa drinkers have found a home!
I have tried a few of the cocoa cups and find this product about average.  Unless you stir the cup the cocoa will taste watery for a few sips.
I've heard over and over that people are having a difficult time finding a hot chocolate pod to enjoy in their Keurig K-cup brewers.  The search is over!  This Grove Square Hot Cocoa received four big smiles from my sons. They just went on and on about how delicious it was!  I love having this new coffee pot where it's fast and convenient for all of us!  Super happy with this purchase.
Reasonable in price, tastes good.  Prefect for Keurig, which can be pricey.  We will probably buy this again.  It is mostly for the kiddos anyway!
These are so nice and creamy!  Usually I don't justify buying k-cups for things like cocoa that you can get cheaper in a packet, but this is so convenient and very good tasting .. way better than most powdered cocoa packets I've tried.  As far as price comparison, it is equivalent to gourmet-types of cocoa that would easily cost $1+ per packet.  I also like that it comes in a variety pack with 3 flavor options.  Highly recommend
I ordered this wanting to try a hot chocolate on my Keurig, and I am very happy with this product. I will definitely be ordering it again. That being said, I dislike hot chocolate made completely of water, so I do add a splash of Half and Half to my cup when I make this. Thus, I didn't want to give it a 5 star rating since I do doctor my cup up a bit at home (otherwise I would have). However, I won't even venture to make a cup of hot chocolate in a packet from the grocery store with water, I use 100% milk usually for those and they still don't measure up to this product from Grove Square. So, the fact that this tastes so good made with water and a bit of creamer to me speaks volumes. I do have to say that this is by far the best cup of instant cocoa that I have ever tried at home. Compared to the Swiss Miss in the cupboard this had a distinctly grown up taste to it. I'm a big fan!
Great product at a reasonable price....my husband's favorite! Loves the dark chocolate although we get the pack of 3 that includes light, dark and peppermint also.  Shopped around and this is a bargain and surpasses the other cocoa k-cups we have tried in taste.
I bought this item for my elderly  Mom, to use with the new Keurig Coffee machine I purchased for her. SHE LOVES IT!!!!!!......I WILL BE ORDERING MORE!!!!!!!!
Bought this as a gift and was told it tastes really great! Too bad I don't have one of those machines, otherwise, I'd try them out myself.  I might have to consider getting one! If you really like it, you can save some money by subscribing to it for automatic deliveries and to make sure you don't run out.
This is great hot chocolate.....Not watery like some others and my husband really likes this one.....Thank you.  Pat Greenough, Boise, Id.
We love this variety box in our house, we subscribe to ensure we never run out.  I use the 'Dark' to make Mocha, my wife loves the 'Peppermint' and i drink the 'Milk' whenever i fancy a hot chocolate.<br /><br />The Dark makes a great mocha, just do half a cup of the Dark Cocoa and half a cup of your favorite coffee, add whipped cream on top, delicious.  Also worth noting, you can try some of the flavored coffees in your Mocha and rustle up some great combos. I am not a fan of flavored coffee, i struggle to drink a cup but as a Mocha, delightful.<br /><br />Drinking the Peppermint or Milk as a hot chocolate, we add a little milk and whipped cream on top, delicious.<br /><br />I highly recommend this variety box if you are considering buying it. :-)
Well you get what you paid for. While this milk chocolate k-cup is pretty cheap $12.95 per 24 (54 cents per count) but it is not good. It tasted like watered down chocolate (as if you put in too much water and not enough milk or chocolate/cacao for that matter). This thing is sweet tho, in fact kinda too sweet for my taste (i am beginning to think half of the powdery content is sugar/sweetener). I thought it was the amount of water that made it taste watered down so I lowered the cup size from 8 ounce to 6 ounce on my Keurig brewer and it's the same thing.
I've tried ever single brand of K-cup hot chocolate and this is absolutely the best one. It is the only one that actually tastes like the real stuff.
great price for the 24-count, my dad will love this gift since he loves hot chocolate and drinks about three cups a day, quick to receive.
It appears a little watery, but the taste is not bad at all.  If you have kids that are as fascinated by the Keurig as you are, they'll probably enjoy this.
I enjoy this cocoa very much, the children love it and drink it often.  I would purchase this product again.
For the price I think the cocoa cups are very good. I will order them again. They are nice to have in the house for the grand children and the holidays
Great tasting product and is much better than other cocoas I have tasted in this type of single serve. Job well dont grove square!
This is the best cocoa ever. It beats out anything you can buy in the store.  Sometimes<br />I just mix it in my coffee and it's wonderful.  Highly recommend.
It's a pretty good sub for the coffee shop version. No mess and the S&S price is great! I like that the box has perforations to remove part of the side so that it functions as a dispenser.
I like it ok, but it isn't anything great. I have a hot water tap and it is just as easy for me to make the powder packs at home at a fraction of the cost. I'll go back to that method and save my $$ for coffee.
This is actually better than I expected when I paid less than 50 cents each.  We usually use a packet mix and hot water from the brewer.  This is much easier and the taste is comparable.  If you are very particular you may not like this but for something quick, sweet, chocolate flavored and warm for around 50 cents it is worth a try.  I would not buy it at the regular price that some retailers ask.
Getting really good cocoa out of a K-cup is not easy but this is much better than the others I have tried. Still a little wattery, but at 60 calories it is a nice treat.  very rich flavor - not as good as the real thing, bit I am not drinking it in a Berlin Chocolate shop either.  Put your slippers on, sit in front of the fireplace with your sweetie, and enjoy!<br /><br />60 cal (20 fat)  --  2g fat sat  --  11 carb  --  6g sugar  --  &lt;1g fiber
This hot chocolate is great am so glad I doubled the order ,you can not miss with this .Now I have quick hot chocolate for the kids and grandkids
This is much too watery. It tastes very much like the tasteless hot cocoa one gets out of a vending machine.  After receiving the box and reading the list of ingredients,  I've decided not to order again.  This product if definitely not worth the money.
We recieved the product on time and in excellent shape. It tastes good and meets our expectations. Thanks for the excellent service.
Funny thing - I bought some of these K-cups several weeks ago based on the strength of the reviews at that time.  I just got them last week and have had a few cups since then.  I'm using 8 ounces of water to prepare the cocoa.  I thought they tasted pretty good - reasonably chocolaty and smooth.<br /><br />They were sweet, but not overly so, and the richness made me check the calorie count on the box.  60 calories - hey, not too bad!  It wasn't until now that I came back to place a review and I read the most recent reviews from others did I realize they use artificial sweetener.  Honestly, if I hadn't read it I would have never known - I didn't detect anything that gave me the hint when I drank it.<br /><br />I think if you like a quick cocoa on the run you'll be happy enough with these K-cups.  Are they as good as a Swiss Miss packet from Costco?  Maybe not, but in my office I don't want to deal with getting powder on the counters and needing a spoon to get things mixed.  You'll sacrifice a little for the convenience, but to me it's well worth it.
Unfortunately, I am conflicted with my purchase.<br /><br />Although the final product was quite good, 4 stars. The quality of the delivery is why they lost an additional star. I opened the Amazon box to find that there was hot chocolate powder coming out of the Grove Square packaging. I opened it to find that 2 of the K-Cups weren't sealed properly on top and were spilling into the box. I inspected both the Amazon package and the Grove Square both of which had no visible exterior damage.<br /><br />I was disappointed with both Grove Square for the quality of their product and as a result I am not sure I would buy this product again.
Everything about the order went great, the Hot Chocolate is very good. I will be ordering this again probaly soon.
The flavor of this cocoa is good, but I found that it was a little too watered down with the normal amount to water. The second cup was better when I used less water.
I am amazed how well these little cups taste.  These Kcups taste very well.  This hot chocolate taste great and are ready in one minute.
I recently purchased a Keurig and I bought the Cafe Escapes dark chocolate cocoa from their site, and it was not chocolately and had a strange aftertaste.  I saw the Grove Square brand and thought I would give it a try since I got 36 kcups for less than the 24 from Keurig. I received my purchase yesterday and immediately opened it up to try it.  The cocoa actually has sugar in it and the chocolately flavor is much better than the Cafe Escapes. I will be ordering this one again, and I hope my guest will drink the other kind to get rid of it!
With <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00389Q4XW">Green Mountain Hot Cocoa</a> being perpetually out of stock in the winter, I thought I'd give the cheaper Grove Square brand a shot.<br /><br />Since the K-Cup patents are starting to sunset, Grove Square is one of the first "unofficial" producers of "we can't legally call these K-Cups but they work in your Keurig(R)(TM) coffee maker" pods, and I thought that I'd be getting the same overall quality, without the licensing fees tacked on to the price.<br /><br />Well... I was right about Grove Square being cheaper. But I think that's the nicest I can be.<br /><br />As others have pointed out, there's a definite "diet" or "<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E6LBXK">Splenda</a>" aftertaste. This hadn't been reviewed yet when I bought it, so I didn't see the warnings from others, and re-checked the ingredients several times to make sure.<br /><br />"Well... it's got 60 calories, which seems a bit lower than Green Mountain, but a bit high for something that diet-conscious people would want." and the ingredient list didn't seem to point to obvious "diet" sweeteners.<br /><br />The overall taste is kind of like someone dropped a sugar-free Tootsie Roll in your hot water, using the normal cup setting. Going one size down didn't seem to improve much, beyond making a weak chocolate flavor sweeter - but that just meant a heavier shot of low-calorie sweetener to the taste buds.<br /><br />The way I see it, I saved about $5 by going with this brand. On the other hand, now I've got 20 of these cups left that are probably going in the trash if I can't sucker someone... er... please my discerning guests... with a few cups.<br /><br />If you drink diet soft drinks by choice, you're probably going to like this.
We have tried many of the different hot cocoa k-cups...everything always tasted so watered down, even when using the smallest setting on the machine.  However, this brand...even at the medium cup setting, tasted fantastic.  I highly recommend Grove Square.  I haven't tried any of their other products, but I would be inclined to now based on this cocoa.
These Grove Square Hot Cocoa flavors are by far the best tasting we have found for the Keurig. We took a chance on these due to the high review ratings and it was a pleasant surprise that all three flavors are really good.<br /><br />Dark Chocolate - My favorite, very good even on the "large" cup setting<br />Milk Chocolate - Excellent on the "small" cup and good on the "large" cup setting<br />Peppermint - Everyone likes this one, on either cup size setting<br /><br />These do contain Sucralose in addition to sugar, I don't notice the taste but my wife does (but she still likes them).<br /><br />Highly Recommended! We tried these in the smaller variety pack, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q64K">Grove Square Hot Cocoa Cups Variety Pack, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count (Pack of 3)</a><br /><br />CFH
This tastes terrible...  Like putting aritficial sweetener in already sweet hot chocolate.  The best I have tried so far is Swiss Miss Hot Chocolate K-Cups.  Don't think they are sold on Amazon yet...
Had I known this cocoa was sugar-free, I would not have purchased it. I realize that this will not bother some people, but I really don't like the aftertaste of fake sugar.  In the interest of fairness, this did not seem to trouble my nephew!  Just update the description.
My whole family(7 people) tasted all 3 flavors and they are sickly sweet.  Very disappointed that product has sucralose.  I wouldn't buy it again
Using 8 oz water as the directions state made the cocoa much too weak. It was like hot water with a few drops of chocolate syrup. Using 6 oz made the cocoa much too sweet, and still too weak in the chocolate department. It uses sucralose as a sweetener, which gives it a very intensely sweet flavor. This may not be a problem for those who like very sweet things or don't mind the taste of sucralose. Unfortunately, I'm not one of those people.
Perhaps not your Grandma's cup of Hot Chocolate, but for the Keurig, it's the best out there.  And what makes it a sweeter deal you get 3 packs for the typical price of 1 K-Cup box, take note it's a Pack of 3, so a total of 36 k-cups.<br /><br />I suggest only using the small cup setting to prevent it from being watered down too much, but decide for yourself!
Truthfully, I wasn't expecting too much with this, but thought I would give it a try for something different for my Keurig. I have to say, that I was pleasantly surprised at how good this is.  My favorite is the dark chocolate, but the peppermint is very good as well.  I am not a real milk chocolate fan, but I mixed it with some coffee for a mocha and it was very good. I would definitely purchase this again.
As you know finding a hot chocolate that taste great and is brewed on the keurig is a big challenge. Well this hot chocolate is quite good. The flavor is rich and the hot chocolate has some creaminess to it. I made it for my daughter and toped it off with whipped cream and she loved it.  Will be drinking lots of this on now that it is begining to get colder.
although this isn't a perfect cup of cocoa, it's far superior to the others that i have tried. i will order this again.
This is by far the best K-cup hot cocoa we have tried.  It has a nice rich flavor and with the added convenience of a K-cup, it is easy to have a cup anytime you like. Highly recommend!
Out of all of the hot chocolate kcups that I have tried this is by far the best one. Not weird aftertaste, and not watered down. Tastes amazing and priced fairly, what more could you ask for?
These k-cups are just what my son wanted!  The price was excellent and the flavor is rich.  I would recommend these to anyone wanting a good cup of instant hot cocoa.
I am a big hot cocoa drinker so this hot cocoa I would definitely recommend it has a great cocoa flavor and it's perfect for those cold fall or winter days. Warms you up plus tastes great!
Can't tell you how this tastes, because I read the ingredients first, but it has trans-fats in every flavor. :( The seller should disclose all ingredients in the description. I wouldn't have purchased this otherwise.
I received my order of Grove Square hot cocoa mix today, and was very shocked to see that hydrogenated oil was one of the ingredients in the mix. I have avoided using any products that contains trans fats because of the negative effects on blood lipid levels. I would urge Amazon to require an itemized list of ingredients for all food items listed for sale. If the ingredients had been listed, those of us who have concerns about our health can avoid these products.
I mainly use my Keurig for coffee but thought I'd try this one since I love dark chocolate and it was getting mostly good reviews.  I've tried some other chocolate K-cups and had given up on them since they all seemed pretty watery.  If I can taste water I don't consider it real hot chocolate.  I was pleasantly surprised that this tastes much better than the others I've tried.  (I must admit there are many I haven't tried, but I don't really feel like making a big scientific study of it.)  This will be my source of hot chocolate from now on.<br /><br />I was a little disappointed to see how many ingredients it contains.  That sort of thing worries me a little.  Still, I don't drink hot chocolate that much, so I think I'll survive.  I'll copy the ingredient label here for those concerned plus a few items from the nutrition info:<br /><br />Calories 60, from fat 20.  Trans Fat 0g. Sodium 200mg. Sugars 6g.<br /><br />INGREDIENTS: sugar, glucose syrup solids, cocoa (processed with alkali), partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), modified whey, maltodextrin, salt, natural and artificial flavors, cellulose gum, sodium caseinate, cornstarch, lactose, dipotassium phosphate, sucralose, mono- and diglycerides, silicon dioxide, soy lecithin, artificial color. [Contains milk and soy.]<br /><br />(I always hate seeing artificial coloring in "dark" chocolate products.)<br /><br />If I had hot chocolate every day I would consider making it from scratch with more cocoa and fewer chemicals, but since I enjoy the convenience of having it nearly instantly from my Keurig on the occasional whim, I'll just keep a box of these K-cups on hand.  I highly recommend it for the taste, it isn't easy finding good hot chocolate.
This does not taste like cocoa it is very weak no matter what cup size you use.I is just not good.
When I got my Keurig I fell in love. I bought a bunch of different sample packs and two boxes of the grove square hot cocoa. I'm a bit of a hot cocoa nut, partially because I can't have caffeine, and partially because it brings back wonderful memories of playing in the snow and the fun of warming up afterwards. I really wanted to love this hot cocoa. I tried all three flavors multiple times, in different ways. I tried them on the different cup sizes, adding things, etc. There's just this strange taste to them that doesn't sit well on the tongue. I'm not sure what it is, but it has a faint ring of sour milk. It really lingers, and I haven't found anything that takes the taste away. I'm going to give my second box to a friend, she doesn't seem to notice it. My daughter and husband both said it tasted weird, so it's not just me. I also took it to a friend's house and have tried them in three different Keurig machines, JUST to make sure mine didn't need to be descaled. So I guess my suggestion is to try it before you go for the multiple boxes.
I ordered this product because of a good price deal.  Amazon shipped accordingly, absolutely no problems there.  However, the taste of this product was horrendous.  It tasted as if someone through chemicals in a cup and told me to brew it.  I personally will go back to buying Swiss Miss in a can and just using the Keurig to give me Hot Water, cheaper and much better tasting.
This has to be without a doubt the WORST tasting Hot Chocolate ever! The best way to describe the taste of "This Stuff" is really cheap suger free instant hot chocolate. Swiss Miss instant is way better and cost less. After only 3 cups threw the rest in the garbage where it belongs and canceled my subscribe and save for this "SLOP"!
This is okay cocoa. It's not really very smooth, and it's a little watery. I had high hopes, as I love dark chocolate hot cocoa, and the reviews were good. I will finish the box I bought, but will try another brand next time.
just got a new keurig and was looking for a great chocklate drink/still looking/this is fair at best/watery and nothing to brag about
I haven't actually tried drinking these just as hot cocoa but I know the peppermint flavor is great as a creamer for the Van Houtte Mexican coffee...I'm ordering another box as this adds just the right amount of chocolate to my coffee.  Been trying to find a coffee flavor that does that but so far adding these to the coffee has worked out better :-) I usually have 14 oz at a time so I run 4 oz through as hot chocolate and the other 10 as coffee. I did try another brand of kcup hot cocoa and it wasn't as good as this brand.
We have a new hot beverage cooker. This thing is the closest thing to the futuristic "replicators", made know via Star Trek movies and series of various efforts.<br /><br />We love our hot beverage brewer and have added a higher-end unit to our own home environment.<br /><br />We've used such a device and various coffee and tea pods over the last few years, but this kit tops that experience.<br /><br />I especially like the Hot-Chocolate and Tea beverages apart from the hundreds of coffee options.<br /><br />Do consider buying one of their devices and also sample the so very many flavors of coffees, teas and other hot beverages attached to the brewing station.
I'd never heard of this brand but they were very cheap here on Amazon and I was extremely surprised at how good the Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa is.  Absolutely worth trying, it's really quite good.
This is the best Hot Cocoa I have found so far, BUT I hope I can find better. It's not real chocolately. Wish it were a bit sweeter but on the whole, I would buy it again if I can't find better.
This is really great Hot chocolate. The price is right too. Usually I find that hot chocolate k-cups are weak or watery but not this one. I was impressed. The dark chocolate is really yummy! I will be ordering more.
Fortunately, before I purchased I read through enough reviews of these k-cups to discover that they add some artificial sweetener to them along with sugar.  I'm shocked that the item descriptions don't make this clear.  I consider that important information!<br /><br />I decided to give them a try, anyway, considering some reviewers thought it was hard to tell.  I realize that many products do this recently, but they usually fall short of hiding that nasty aftertaste.<br /><br />Sadly, this one does too.  It's close - I can almost enjoy a cup - but it's still unmistakable, especially if you don't consume much artificial sweetener.  (I chew sugar-free gum, and that's it for me.)<br /><br />It's a shame, too, because the chocolate flavor is nice.  In fact, I rated these a 3 simply because my son tolerates the sweetener enough to drink them.  And I was really jazzed about the caramel cappuccino before I found out about the sweetener...but now I won't be buying any.  (Side note: many cappuccino reviewers complained that they're instant coffees that taste like gas station cappuccino - that would be fine with me, if it weren't for the artificial sweetener which those gas station cappuccinos don't have.)<br /><br />If they begin to offer a line without the artificial sweetener, I'd buy it, but until then I'm staying away from Grove Square products.
We use our Keurig every day.  When a friend gave us a sample we went crazy, it is the best hot chocolate ever.  I highly recommend this, it is a treat in the evening to take the place of dessert.
I guess there is a reason that the ingredient section on this page doesn't mention that the first ingredient is trans fat (partially hydrogenated oil).  Had I know, I would not have purchased this.  Consumers need to vote with their dollars and avoid buying items where the manufacturer is using cheap and unhealthy ingredients.
Please stay away from artificial sweetners.<br /><br />Some of them actually change the shape of human cells.<br /><br />this has an artificial sweetner
I've been excitedly trying every type of K cup I can get my hands on since I got my Keurig for christmas and, until now, have not encountered any that I truly hate. Until I discovered this one. I would have though it pretty difficult to ruin hot chocolate but the people at Grove Square certainly did a good job. Not only was the hot chocolate watery, but it had a horrible plastic aftertaste also. Yuck!
I ordered this specifically b/c they said "dark chocolate" so i was hoping for a rich chocolate flavor. They taste very watery, even using the lowest amount of water on the Keurig. The nutritional fact show that it only has 6 grams of sugar - where the normal store bought powder has 22 grams. I didn't like these at all. If you're going for something low sugar, they might be for you!
I read all the reviews on every hot chocolate k-cup on the market and decided to try this one first. Its not good. Even on the smallest cup setting it tastes watered down and there is a distinct "plasticy" taste. I think that this an inherent problem with all the k-cup hot chocolates. You just can't fit enough chocolate in the cup so that it doesn't taste watered down. I'm going to stick with making hot chocolate the old way.
This hot chocolate is ok but not nearly as rich and smooth as the cafe escapes products.  We tried it out because they were less expensive but once they are al gone we'll be going back to the cafe escapes brand.
Just tried this for the first time today.  They are "ok", but they do have an odd aftertaste.  Not sure I'll be ordering these again.  Also -- the packaging notes that you need to run a hot water cycle (without a k-cup) after making them (I assume to clean the machine out).
Compared to other k-cup products, Grove Square offers tasty products at a reasonable price.  This hot cocoa was rich and delicious!
I ORDERED THE DARK HOT COCOA IN HOPES IT WOULD BE REAL CHOCOLATEY AND IT WAS NO BETTER THAN BUYING A POUCH OF HOT CHOCOLATE AND ADDING IT TO HOT WATER. I ACTUALLY THINK THE POUCH ADDED TO HOT WATER IS LOADS BETTER AND A WHOLE LOT CHEAPER!!!! V-E-R-Y ...D-I-A-P-P-O-I-N-T-E-D! FOR THE PRICE...IT'S A RIP-OFF!
The Cocoa wasn't too bad. The taste is ok and as good as other hot chocolate mixes.  I was disappointed though when I went to a local store and saw it for less than what I paid just for shipping.  I really thought I was getting a good deal until I went home and checked the ticket.  I just paid three times as much for a box of hot chocolate to be delivered to my house! SO DISAPPPOINTED!!:(
this product taste stale and is full of artificial ingredients.<br />NO REAL PEPPERMINT IS IN THIS PRODUCT and to be honest it doesnt even taste like real cocoa is either.
I can't believe I didn't check out the ingredients for this.  I never would have bought it if I would have known there was artificial sweetener in it!  First cup though, I got that weird after taste it gives and that was all she wrote.  If you don't have a problem with a chemical taste or concerns about health problems, you may like it.  Not worth it to us.
Found my kids actually cutting open the pods and dumping them into a cup to add hot water too.  They complained that lots of the good stuff stays in the pod.  Kind of defeats the purpose of the packaging, so we switched back to packets.
GREAT! Hot Chocolate! By far the best Kcup hot chocolate I have found. I use a little milk or half and half and it's so..... good. I definitely will order again! Thanks for the super FAST SHIPPING!
My whole family loves this product, often times we struggle to find something like this that we can all have (some members of my family have severe nut allergies).  This product is nut free and clearly states what the ingredients are.
Unlike some others, this is actually IN a K Cup and not just an overpriced version of Swiss Miss.  While the flavor is not super premium like a Godiva or Ghiradhelli, it is better than your average instant mix and much better than the other weak K Cup versions I've had.  The sucralose does give it an aftertaste that reminds me of the sweetness of a commercial cake mix, but it isn't unpleasant.<br /><br />I like to brew this on the smallest setting (4oz) and then add milk to fill the cup and warm it in the microwave, I think that gives a richer taste. The peppermint is my favorite, followed by the dark and then the light chocolate.  They are all very good.  My only wish is that I could buy the peppermint on its own and not in a combo pack only.
These are the only kind of cocoa k-cups I have tried, as I have a fairly new machine. My only complaint is that it seems like the taste of chocolate in the milk chocolate version needs a bit of a boost. However, I usually add another teaspoon of regular cocoa mix and the taste is great. The peppermint and dark chocolate k-cups are delicious. Definitely worth a shot for this great price!
Whole family liked all three flavors.  We've had some of the other brands of hot chocolates and they were good also but just couldn't get myself to pay that much  for hot  chocolate.  The  price was right on these for sure but I was skeptical after reading reviews on the coffees made by this brand.  But it's just hot chocolate so I figured what the heck.  All three are actually plenty chocolaty on the biggest size serving.  Honestly, I think they're a little bit better than the other brands we've had.
What I really like about this selection is the choice of three different hot cocoa chocolates.  My favorite is the mint chocolate for it not only tastes like mint chocolate but it has the aroma of a hot mint chocolate.  The milk chocolate and dark chocolate are equally flavorful as well. The price through Amazon is very reasonable.
Very good hot chocolate.  Nice rich flavor.  We used the smallest setting on our Keurig, and made sure to shake it to make sure the powder was loose in the K-cup. The K-cup was completely empty after brewing. There is sucralose in it, but I could not detect the aftertaste of it.  I'm pretty sensitive to that aftertaste. I will buy this product again.<br /><br />Here are facts on the box:<br /><br />Calories 60, Fat (Saturated)2g, Sodium 220mg, Carbs 11g, Fiber &lt;1g, Sugars 6g, Protein 1g (if it's not listed it is 0)<br /><br />The ingredients list for this is:<br />Sugar, Glucose Syrup Solid, Cocoa (Processed with Alkali) Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain Coconut, Soybean, Sunflower, Palm and/or Canola), Nonfat Dry Milk, Modified Whey, Maltodextrin, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Caseinate, Cornstarch, Lactose, Dipotassium Phosphate,Sucralose, Mono- And DiGlycerides, Silicone Dioxide, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color. Contains Milk and Soy.
The price is wonderful! The Hot cocoa tastes great in 6 and 8 oz but 10oz was a bit watery to me.<br />Dark Chocolate: YUM<br />Milk Chocolate: Is very yummy<br />Peppermint: For me wasn't enough peppermint but I just add a candy cane to mine.<br />  I would recommend this again and plan on ordering more soon!
We prefer the Swiss Miss brand K-cup.  This one was watery in both milk and dark chocolate. This is my least favorite of all k-cup brands.
Nice price, and glad to see a subscribe & save option on k-cups. However this was undrinkable in our opinion. Didn't seem to be too watery like another reviewer said, just a bad off taste.
I think the hot cocoa taste great but my wife thinks it is watery. My wife is a big Swiss Miss drinker and knows her hot cocoa. Not sure I will buy again because of the cost of paying for the k cups. Sometimes I think you are better off buying Swiss Miss packets and just use the hot water function on the k cup machine.
Unlike the other hot chocolate(s), this one does not have that obnoxious after taste.  What a relief.  When I purchased my Keurig it came with a box of 16 hot chocolate K-Cups (name not used to protect the guilty), that have the most indescribable, particularly unpleasant after taste, all due to the "fake" sugar that seems to comprise most if not all of the product.<br /><br />This manufacturer does use some sucralose, but no where near the amount that "other" uses.  In fact, it actually tastes like hot chocolate during and after the sipping.  WhooHoo!!!!<br /><br />Will be ordering more - Thank You for my Kuerig hot chocolate reaffirmation.
What a fun winter treat!  This is a perfect cup of cocoa in seconds!  We like to put a tablespoon or two of heavy whipping cream in the bottom of mug before brewing! A family favorite.
Was skeptical about the quality of hot chocolate from a K cup but Grove Square is amazing.  It is just as good as making it from scratch but without the fuss.  The milk chocolate is mild, the dark has enough bite to make it interesting and the peppermint is perfect for after dinner.
I love these! The price is VERY good...all the flavors are really good! The peppermint one is my favorite and I would gladly take more of that before the others. Though the others aren't lacking at all, I'm just a peppermint fan! Will be buying more when my others get low! Thanks so much!
I like this hot cocoa very much it has a very rich taste compared to the others I have tried.Just bought some more of these.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q1VI">Grove Square Single Serve Hot Cocoa Cups, Milk, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count</a>A+++!!!!cocoa!
I was skeptical about buying this because all of the other hot cocoa items I've purchased for the Keurig have been awful. I was pleasantly pleased with this!  It is simply delicious!  I will definitely reorder!
This is a really great K-cup cocoa. I had been drinking the Cafe Express but they have really gone up lately so this is a good buy . Nice creamy chocolate flavor so I switched to this. I found it at Walmart but this price is better  here for the 3 pack. Give it a try :)
For those who do not drink coffee, this is a great compliment to the teas and ciders also available for your Keurig.
Super good price and the best k cup cocoa we have found.<br /><br />I am glad I found this for our family before the big cocoa season hits !<br /><br />love it
I didn't expect much from powdered cocoa in a cup, but here's a tip: put on 8oz setting, then add a 1:1 ratio of heated milk. It tastes amazingly good!<br /><br />Of course if you add a little Baileys Irish Cream, it tastes even better.
we have bought several types, brands of hot cocoa k cups. These our definitely one of the best! They have a great flavor and everyone in my house liked them, even my 9 year old who only likes some hot cocoa loved this. It is creamy, it actually tasted like a melted candy bar, very good taste, not watered down like some of them. Of course the price is amazing, but don't let that fool you! This is one of those products that is actually good even though it isn't very expensive.
Wow, I did a lot of reading trying to make a good decision on a K-cup hot chocolate, and of course taste is something that is very subjective.  If you read all the reviews on every product you'll discover that nothing gets past everyone and maintains a perfectly spotless reputation.  So I decided that even with some bad reviews I'd try this one since it has a lot of good reviews.  I'm just going to say that there are some real hot chocolate connoisseurs writing reviews in this thread.  Some discerning reviewers say it has a slight taste of sugar substitute, or some such thing.  All I can tell you is I must have under-achieving taste buds because all I can taste is yummy hot chocolate.  My family burned through the first box and I just ordered two more.  If you don't like this I feel sorry for you. Better to have numb taste buds I guess.  Enjoy.
When I got my Keurig brewer last month, I bought two different types of hot chocolate.  The Grove Square Hot Chocolate is far superior.  I have so far brewed it on 6oz and 8oz with good flavor at both sizes.  The flavor is rich and it leaves no residue in the bottom of the kcup (the other brand does, maybe I got a bad batch?).  Overall, I will happily buy this one again.
I got these cocoa cups based on my sister-in-law's recommendation.  It has a great flavor and is inexpensive.  Quite a good combination.  I'll be ordering more very soon.
This is excellent hot chocolate for those of you that love love hot chocolate- go for it - you will love it to... I would purchase this again.
I've tried all the available brands and flavors of hot cocoa for the Keurig, and this is the only one I keep buying more of when I run out. Of course it's not going to be as good as melting your own chocolate in a pot of fresh milk, but I find it at least as tasty as any non-K-cup cocoa mix I've had. It is richer than the same company's milk-chocolate cocoa (which would, however, be my #2 pick of K-cup cocoas).<br /><br />One star off because of the fact that if you prepare a small cup, there will usually be some cocoa goop left behind in the K-cup, which you have to move to your mug if you want maximum-strength cocoa. Shaking the K-cup first to break up large chunks of powder as recommended on the package seems to help some.
I love the flavor and the speed of this cocoa I drink one at night and each is the same good stuff.
I am very pleased with this selection.  I have not tried the other hot cocoa brands for Keurig but this one is awesome!  I bought the milk chocolate.
Thought I'd try these because it's a good price, but the chocolate flavor is not that good. And the sucralose taste is very strong. I like the Swiss Miss Hot Chocolate ones better, even though those have sucralose too, you can't really taste it.
Lets face it, $11 isn't going to get you the most succulent chocolate in the world.  But it does give you a GREAT everyday cocoa in a 6oz brew. Great to mix with a coffee for an instant mocha, and no sugar needed!  Kids will LOVE it. VERY happy with this purchase.  Will keep this in my pantry always!
I have searched for hot chocolate for my Keurig, but couldn't find any that were economical to purchase. I found this at a decent price, and was I glad!  My husband absolutely loves this hot chocolate and says it reminds him of his childhood. Try it - you'll like it!
My brother owns a Keurig one cup coffee maker, which is an amazing device. I, however, don't drink coffee. When I came across these Hot Cocoa K-cups, I took a chance. They're incredibly good, and it gives me a chance to share a hot drink with the coffee crowd without having to boil water or milk. This 24-pack is priced well against the coffee K-cups as well.
I have never tasted such a poor excuse for a cocoa drink. It has such a bad aftertaste that I checked the box to see if I ordered sugarfree by mistake! I will toss this  and chalk it up to a loss but if you are reading this, dont buy this brand. Its downright awful!
We bought both brands to try and found this one with much less chocolate taste then Cafe Escapes dark chocolate.  It was also thinner in consistency. Won't buy again
I ordered this because so many people were saying that it was sugar free. It's not. The first ingredient is "SUGAR". It's too much of a pain to return, so I'll keep it and drink it (because it's a pretty good K-cup hot chocolate). I will think twice about ordering it again though. I'd really like to get what I ordered.
We bought this to replace our Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate Cocoa.  They are less expensive- but you get what you pay for.  This cocoa is watery brown sugar water with an aftertaste.  I do not recommend it.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q1T0">Grove Square Hot Cocoa Cups, Dark,Single Serve Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a>
I love hot chocolate and was very excited to find a variety pack, however, these are gross.  Horrible after taste, my kids dont even like them.  Now I have 3 boxes of the stuff that no one will drink.  Very disapointed.
I was very excited to get some hot chocolate cups for my Keurig and even happier there was a variety pack.  I read the reviews and even there were some negative ones, I went with it anyways.<br />I tried the milk chocolate.  It has such a weird taste to it.  But I gave it the benefit of the doubt and tried another later that night.  Same weird aftertaste.  I asked my husband to try it to make sure my taste buds weren't off. He commented that it had a "hot plastic-y" aftertaste to it.  Not even worth drinking.  Too bad I have 34 more cups that will go to waste.
Best K-cup hot cocoa on the market, bar none. Would not be without it in the house, especially with the winter months coming.
As a hot chocolate lover, I was verrrrry disappointed when I tried this product. I first had the peppermint (disgusting) and then tried the dark chocolate (a little better). The problem is that you can REALLY taste the artifical sweetener. I am a diet soda drinker, so I don't have a problem with artifical sweetener. It's just that the taste was so strong in these hot chocolates that it overpowered the chocolate taste. I definitely will NOT buy again.... I would not recommend these to anyone.
I'm an avid hot chocolate drinker, and this is just doesn't measure up.  It reminds me of the sugar free Swiss Miss.  No matter what size you set your cup on, it's just missing that cocoa flavor.  Maybe the dark chocolate would be better.  I personally like the Cafe Escapes Milk Chocolate better!<br /><br />I bought a 24 pack, and then I was able to find it at my local grocery store, so I bought another one.  Now, I'm stuck with the 24 pack.
This is a very mild hot cocoa.  Perfect for those winter evenings or even good in the morning instead of coffee.  We love it anytime.  Next time I will try the dark chocolate.
taste nothing like how cocoa should taste, i'll never touch this again, i'll be trying the swiss miss cocoa maybe better luck
This is very good hot chocolate, creamy and tasty.  All of the flavors are good, my favorite is the peppermint.  I wish the peppermint was available on its own, not in the variety pack.  My son and I also like to add peppermint flavored marshmallows, for an extra shot of peppermint taste.  In my opinion, better than the Swiss Miss K-cups.
The hot cocoa does have a sugar substitute in it, but as far as I could tell, wasn't strong enough to leave that bitter aftertaste you get when they put a lot of it in the ingredients. If you have a very very sophisticated palate perhaps you could taste it a little, but it doesn't take away from the taste of the cocoa, so as far as I'm concerned it wasn't an issue. I would say this is on par with the type of cocoa you'd get in a coffee machine, which is fine, because I don't hate coffee machine cocoa. I have only tried the peppermint so far, and it tasted like peppermint... what can I say? That's what it's supposed to taste like.
We enjoy a cup of hot chocolate with our Keurig machine and used to have Cafe Escapes as our favorite.  When I saw the Grove Square brand at such a great price, I thought I'd give it a try.  We love it - it is now our favorite brand.  I will be back for more!
Had never heard of this brand before, however the price was right for ordering.  Turns out the family likes this better than the Swiss Miss K-cups we had been using.  Will continue to buy, will continue to use.  Don't forget to buy the mini-marshmallows at the store!
My Husband said it tastes wonderful!! Just like you would get in a restaurant....creamy and flavorful! Hightly Recommends this product!
This has artificial sweetener just like the other hot chocolates out there. If anyone knows of one that does not have it, please let me know! It definitely isn't very strong, but I coulod handle it if it didn't have the artificial sweetener aftertaste.
This hot chocolate is very good and flavorful. Compared to other hot chocolate that we have tried it is cheaper and we would recommend.
Everyone has their own preferences, I know -- I actually liked the flavor, but my wife tried it and couldn't stand how sweet it was.  To each his/her own, I guess.  But, now that I'VE had a second cup, I tend to agree -- very sweet.
I bought this becaue they were $9.99 for the 24 pack.  I could try them for .50/cup.  Other in the store were almost $1/cup.  Overall they are ok/good but you need to run a hot water flush throuhg you maschine afetr each use or there is a potential to have the residue gunk up you drain area.
This is a great assortment and price...I only give it 4 stars because the peppermint is very weak in peppermint, so I add extract. Nice cocoa flavor to all, tho. Reminds me of "homemade"
Best one in K cups todate not watery like several of the others I have tried. Will now join the subscribe and save group!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q64K">Grove Square Hot Cocoa Cups Variety Pack, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count (Pack of 3)</a>
Well the product was good and the taste is great. The convenience was excellent and the delivery was quick. So what's not to love? The darn things tend to clog up my machine. Never ever happens with coffee. May one could run hot water after each serving to prevent the clog. Otherwise an excellent product.
INGREDIENTS: SUGAR, GLUCOSE SYRUP SOLIDS, COCA (PROCESSED WITH ALKALI), PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED VEGETABLE OIL (MAY CONTAIN COCONUT, SOYBEAN, SUNFLOWER, PALM AND/OR CANOLA), NONFAT DRY MILK, MODIFIED WHEY, MALTODEXTRIN, SALT, NATURAL AND ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS, CELLULOSE GUM, SODIUM CASEINATE, CORNSTARCH, LACTOSE, DIPOTASSIUM PHOSPHATE, SUCRALOSE, MONO- AND DIGLYCERIDES, SILICON DIOXIDE, SOY LECITHIN, ARTIFICIAL COLOR.<br />CONTAINS: MILK AND SOY<br /><br />People, please read labels....
there is a taste of sugar substitute, the aftertaste turns me off, I've even tried using a little bit of milk in the mug before hand to hide the taste. It didn't, so i'm just using Swiss miss powder and a little milk to make it a creamier hot chocolate before using using my keurig.
If anyone knows of one that does not have it, please let me know! It definitely isn't very strong, but I coulod handle it if it didn't have the artificial sweetener aftertaste.This has artificial sweetener (sucorse)  just like the other hot chocolates out there.
I enjoyed these k-cups when I used them. They tasted pretty good. However, I quickly noticed that my Keurig brewer began to have problems after I started using these and other Grove Square k-cups. Even when I would brew other cups, I would get half-brewed cups of coffee, smaller cups, and other issues. I cleaned the brewer, following all the instructions and tips in the manual. The issues came up again as soon as I used these k-cups. What I discovered is that the Grove Square k-cups were gunking up my brewer badly. I had to clean out every part of the brewer completely, including the brewer basket area, the water reservoir, and the internal mechanism. After completing the entire cleaning process two more times my brewer got back to normal. I won't order any Grove Square products again.
I'm really baffled by the great differences of opinion on this product. I've tried a couple of different brands and the Grove Square was without doubt the best. I recently purchased a cup of hot cocoa at a local Joe Muggs (in a local BAM store) that was over $2  for the smallest size and really couldn't tell much difference. Obviously every person has different tastes and opinions but so many 1 and 5 star ratings for the exact same product? Oh well, I like it.<br />p.s. 11-27  I like this cocoa well enough that I have subscribed to momthly delivery with free shipping and reduced cost!
This hot chocolate tastes like hot sugar water with a pinch of coco in it. Although, even the sugary taste is weak, and tainted by the flavor of the artificial sweetener sucralose. The consistency is watery and bland. This is when I made the 8oz cup as directed by the directions on the box.<br /><br />I do not recommend this product.
The price was as fantastic as the taste. So convenient to make and no messy powder  that is hard to dissolve. No major cleanup to deal with either. Highly recommended!
The kids like cocoa. Perfect when you can't make the kids hot choco. Tastes good too. 24 Count? not bad...
Grove Square hot chocolate is very tasty.  I was searching for The Swiss Miss brand and the search pulled up this one. The price was right so I ordered some with hopeful expectations and was pleasantly surprised at Grove Squares wonderful chocolate creamy taste even on the large cup Koerig setting. You won't be disapointed
I love a cup of Hot Choc. in the cold winter months. We live in Penna. and it gets quite chilly here. The Hot Coc. is a little sweet for my taste, but I've gotten used to it and enjoy a cup once in a while
My daughter says this is the very best hot chocolate she has ever had! And I love it because no more spilled envelope messes!
I finally found a hot cocoa for the keurig that isn't too sweet. I made a cup the day it came in the mail and from the first sip I was hooked. From now on this will be the only hot cocoa I drink.
My grandson and husband love to bond drinking this hot chocolate together. I get it every other month.  I can't ever be without it.
I thought the Grove hot chocolate is to sweet. It also has an off taste. I would not recommend this to anybody
In my trip through the health area of my local food market I stumbled upon Enjoy Life Boom Choco Boom Dark Chocolate Bar. I just can't resist trying things such as this. Into the cart it went. It's rather good. It says it's dairy, nut and soy free, and I'll take their word. The question is taste. Well, it's a good tasting bar. I have a couple others that I would regard higher. but this one is quite good. It's a bit high in calories (170 per bar) but has no cholesterol or sodium. Not bad. I'll pick it up again.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I've ordered most of the cheaper Tea's Etc add on teas and all have been great both in terms of flavor AND value. I cold brew using disposable tea filters closed with toothpicks in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004TJ3ZUA">Takeya Airtight Drink Maker Pitcher / Jug, Set of Two</a> and it works wonderfully. (Those jugs are great, even better if you can still find them half price at Costco.)<br /><br />I'm glad I ordered this when I did, the price has more than doubled! I'd still say it's a GREAT value. This is my go to tea when I want something with a little more flavor than "regular" black tea. I don't sweeten my tea, but I think this would be a perfect sweet tea for a hot day. The orange flavor is very palatable unlike some others. It's noticeable without being pungent or artificial. It also isn't spiced like many other orange teas.
Arrived nicely packaged and sealed. An aromatic, lovely tea that I love to blend with others to make custom iced tea blends. I love this Oolong orange with fruity black teas. Recommended!
That is right, open the bag and just get your nose close and smell it. You know this is a quality product instantly. Some of the tastiest tea I have had and the Oolong and orange are a great mix. Even if you aren't a tea drinker at all, once you smell this tea you will want to try it. I am very glad I bought this product it is a favorite of mine.
I bought this to include in my daughter's party bag - It worked so well with the circus theme that we had.  Unfortunately the cracker jacks were stale.  When I heard this the first time I thought no way can't be but then someone else told me the same thing and then I heard it again from someone else.  Really disappointing.  I am so embarrassed.
So fun and great price. This was one of our party favors at my son's birthday party. HUGE hit! I will buy again for the baseball team and group outings. The box is just like the good ol' days, although I remember the prizes were better back then (or maybe my expectations were lower since I was 10).
Arrives $15.06 postage due in a used Friendly 's box. UNFRIENDLY don't you think? Worst service ever!!!!!_Totally unfriendly! !!!aweful aweful aweful service!
It wasn't a bad purchase at just $9.99 through Warehouse Deals fulfilled by Amazon and shipped for free, but took 2 stars off because it wasn't a freshness issue but Cracker Jacks® just don't taste the same like when I was a kid back in the 1980's.
Ordered this and most of the boxes were stale and stuck together.<br /><br />Checked the expiration date and it wasn't expired.<br /><br />Starting to think they just changed the expiration date and shipped everything that went bad.
We bought 2 cases of these. Expire date was 3 months out. Plenty of time to eat. We have 2 boys and got these for them as a snack in lunches etc. I was worried that the product would be stale as stated in other reviews. We've ate 3 boxes and all were fine so far. Kids loved it and I did as well. Prizes were not as good as they used to be but they didn't know the difference. A few were educational and that never hurts! We'll probably order another couple cases. At 40 cents per snack you can't go wrong!
Bought these to give out as party favors for my son's baseball themed birthday party.  They were a huge hit with both the adults and children.
Product was older then I would purchase if I knew what the date on the individual boxes was before purchase. It gives me only one month to eat them all before being outdated.
I don't know the deal is here but they are terrible.  I love Cracker Jacks and not just cause there is a prize, especially now that the prizes are pointless compared to what you use to get.<br /><br />These arrived and the first box I ate seemed very stale, checked the date and was not expired and the date was a long ways away so I figured maybe it was that box.  But I'm a few boxes in now and they are all the same it's like chewing on cardboard.  I event went to the local 7-11 to get some to compare and those at 7-11 were 1000 timex better.<br /><br />Since it was so cheap to get them it's not worth the hassle to send them back so I think I'll just give them out for halloween.
Cracker Jacks were horrible--stale, not crunchy and tasted awful even though the expiration date on the package had not expired
I threw my son a baseball themed party for his 1st birthday. What would baseball be without popcorn, peanuts &get crackerjack?! Item was delivered as promised & the packaging was old school, which was appreciated by parents, granparents &the even great grandparents! Item was fresh & taste great!
I ordered this product for a themed baby shower. They went over well and they tasted just like normal cracker jacks. Loved that I could find the box and they fit perfect in favor bags.
I purchased cases of these for our company picnic. The boxes were cute, the idea of it all was a big hit. But the "gift inside" was a bust. I would gladly have paid more for a stupid little item rather than the "writings on paper," or whatever they were. What is Cracker Jack without the gift inside? I find it to be misleading that they call it "Original."  Original had the gift inside.
Becareful if you plan to use these more then two months after you order them, they expire quick. I can't use these, I ordered them to use in my November wedding but they expire in March :(
If you're looking for a healthier alternative to peanut butter (whatever reason) this is a good choice.  It's nice and crunchy, tastes better than other brands I've tried, and doesn't separate as much as others.  Best I've found so far.
I love these noodles.  They are really great for a midnight snack.  It's not really something that will fill you up for a dinner.  If you do eat it for dinner, you will be hungry later.  Maybe some people wouldn't!!!!  But, it just doesn't stick to my ribs.  I love them though and Amazon has a really good price.
This soup cooks up quickly and is very yummy! I really like the flavor of the seasoning packet and the way the noodles cook up, nice texture. It is very satisfying to me. I'm a single gal who doesn't really cook & am often in a hurry for my next meal, and I find that this soup really hits the spot. Although it does tend to be more of a mid-afternoon snack/light lunch item for me. It will tide you over for a while until your next big meal, but i have to agree with the other reviewer that if you try to have just one of these for dinner you can expect to be hungry in a few hours.<br /><br />Personally I LOOOVE this soup that much more because I had to give up the ramen cup o' noodle and some other brands i had been eating because I developed an allergy to shellfish and mollusks.  It seems that often these instant noodle packets/bowls either have some type of seafood in the sauce or they are manufactured on equipment that also processes shellfish. This one does not contain any type of seafood like many of the other instant noodles do. Another plus for me is that it's not spicy. I'm kind of a wimp with spicy foods, plus i have GERD/reflux, so believe me if i can eat it is NOT spicy. Just tasty :)<br /><br />One thing that bugs me a little is that i feel guilty about the packaging since the plastic bowl is not recyclable (in my town they only take 1's and 2's which of course these microwave safe bowls are never made out of.) Oh well, can't have it all....
Somehow I feel healtier eating these things instead of peanuts. I don't know why either. Also, unlike peanuts, I can limit my intake to a handful and not the whole bag.
I have tried all of these nuts and they are fantastic.  I highly recommend them as a snack which is not only healthy, but tasty.  The mulberries combined with chocolate are amazing.
A suprisingly delightful snack! Great to have around while I'm working long hours in front of the computer.
I really liked this flavor!  As someone with many food sensitivities who also avoids sugar, this is the perfect treat for me when I crave chocolate or baked goods.  The raw nuts are crisp and fresh tasting.  However, the price was very high for the quantity of product.  With less than 20 brazil nuts in the package, I felt a little gipped.  In future, I'll try making my own chocolate nut mix from bulk raw nuts, berries, and coco powder rather than spend $9 per package!  For that price, I'd like a lot more product.
a great deal. it arrived with no damage. the taste to me is the best. i have tried most other brands and really got fed up with them. they just don't taste right to me. but this one i can eat right out of the bottle and enjoy it. it tastes so good. i am very happy with this purchase and the price is great also.
I prefer jerky with a dry texture but always have a hard time finding a good one.  They're usually moistened soft chunks of meat instead of hard strips.  If you like old-school jerky then I highly recommend this product.  Delicious!
recommended to me by a friend i saw at the gym - had seen them a few times at the fatted calf in napa, but didnt really pay attention.  i will never buy beans in the bag from the grocery store again.  huge difference in taste and quality.  sent my son who is an aspiring chef and gourmet foodie a box of beans in a bag as well...
I've probably tried about 15 varieties of beans from Rancho Gordo.  They're all excellent.  Some are better suited for one type dish than another, and if you visit their website, they will tell you what works best for which dish.<br /><br />Some are just plain gorgeous to boot!  And being heirloom, I believe you can also save some back to plant, if you have the climate for growing them.  (Unfortunately, I don't.)<br /><br />Out of all the ones I've tried, we like the Borlotti best - they cook up plump and will hold their shape, with a creamy interior.  They're fantastic for Mexican-style beans - frijoles borrachos, refried, whatever you like.  And I've also cooked them with ham hocks/garlic/onions etc. for a delightful bowl of beans.<br /><br />This particular assortment doesn't have the Borlotti beans but you could always add them to your order!  It's a nice sampler and will get you hooked on their products.<br /><br />Oh yeah, sign up for their newsletter too, Steve sends out a good one with recipes and stories of the beans.
I had no idea what this stuff was when it was served to me at a restaurant recently - and I could not stop eating it! Finally figured out it was Kalamata Olive tapanade, and I wondered where the heck can I get this stuff? I'm totally spoiled now! Well, I headed for where I always go when I want the best of everything - amazon.com! And there it was, and now I can have it whenever I want! I love tossing a bit with pasta, particularly the tomato and basil pasta I also order from amazon; it's great on salads, on humus sandwiches, and anything else you can think of once you get the taste in your mind hehe. It's fantabulous!<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HTI4TM">Peloponnese Kalamata Olive Spread, 7.5-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>
I got this for a gift for my father and he loved them.  I will probably get them again but only as a gift due to the cost of sausages.
I know -- the description is clear enough about apples & cranberries but I found these sausages to be a little too sweet.  My guests agreed.  The same company makes sausages that I like better.
Original description and order said "Assorted" chocolates. What I got--weeks (!) later--was one pack of all white chocolates (the least desirable). Not worth the bother of returning even with Prime. Might be better just buying at local store (same or cheaper price) when you can see what you get.
These look like typical sugar plum jellies but they are actually grape flavored. You would assume that they would have a sugar plum flavor. They taste like cheap Kool-Aid and not the yummy Jelly Belly ones I can't seem to find on Amazon.
These arrived fresh and in a timely manner.  However, flavor-wise our family is in agreement that Jelly Belly produces a richer plum flavor, slightly larger sugar plum in size, and a bit softer in texture for their sugar plums.  The price on the Albanese sugar plums is reasonable, the flavor is good and it's always nice to support a small, independent candymaker!
This coffee is really rich, perfect in the morning. I ordered it for the office, but it was going fast. After a day or so I decided it was too good/fine to share so I swapped it out w/some cheap stuff and brought it home. More for me!
This canned organic corn is great. Sweet and plump, and being organic is added bonus. Inside, the can lining looks JUST LIKE Eden's BPA free cans, but so far I can't find the consumer service number of the company to verify if their can is BPA free. At least I don't see the white plastic lining in these cans. I'm just hoping these are BPA free, then these are totally awesome!
Found this item quite good: it was sweet and slightly crunchy. All in all, a delightful product. It arrived in excellent condition, no dents and no dings. Perhaps the packaging has improved.
PERHAPS AMAZON SHOULD START A SCRATCH AND DENT SECTION AND SELL ITEMS LIKE THIS CORN THERE! ALL BUT ONE CAN OF THIS GREAT TASTING CORN WAS DENTED, SEVERELY! DONT GET ME WRONG, I WILL STILL BUY DENTED GOODS, BUT ONLY AT A DISCOUNTED PRICE. THE DAMAGE DID NOT OCCUR IN TRANSIT EITHER WHICH DISTURBS ME. IF THEY KNOW THEY ARE SELLING DENTED CANS, FINE, BUT START A SCRATCH AND DENT SECTION!!!!!!
very good corn product, we will be eating this case of corn way faster than we expected.  It was well packed and stores in the pantry nicely
The fresh tasting Libby's Organic Corn, no additives! I can't believe Amazon can offer such good tasting corn in a can so cheap! But for taste and value, this can't be beat.
I combine this with Libby's Organic Black Beans and Libby's Organic Green Beans mixed with Bob's Red Mill Organic Brown Rice at least two or three times per week for a perfect meal every time!
We live in an area that does not have a lot of stores that carry organic at reasonable prices. That said I found the product to be a good value and convenient not to have to sometimes wait for local stores to restock, if they even stocked.<br /><br />Yes, some cans get dented in transit but it really was not a big problem for me. I hope the future delivery is the same or better.<br /><br />It is unknown if the can lining is BPA free. I try to avoid it but until the manufactures get it out it's near impossible to buy canned goods that don't have BPA in the can lining. Pregnant women should avoid anything with BPA in it and if I had growing children I would also strive to avoid.
they decided to ship both my order in ONE HUGE box of 24 cans instead of 12 green beans in one box, 12 corn in another and i was barely able to get this inside my house.  then every single can of green beans was dented and 3 cans of corn were dented
I ordered from east coast supplier before and even when shipped with a bag of frozen water the dark chocolate coating turned very light. I live on the west coast and this seller is in CA, so I got the Snickers in just a couple of days, instead of 10.<br />And their shipping costs were less, they shipped via post for under $5, instead of via UPS.<br />Lowest price I have paid for this candy and best quality.
These tic tacs are great right up there with the orange flavor. I did find them cheaper at the 99cent store 49cents a pack. I went recently and bought 24 for $12 heads up for anyone living in Ca.
This was a very good price for bulk ordering. However my order was part of some gift bags we were putting together for 8th graders. There was never intent to resell these. Due to ordering limitations, I was unable to order all 300 packs from here.
I first encountered this flavor at an airport magazine stand.  I sampled a couple and was hooked.  I thought this flavor was the best of all in the TicTac line.  On my flight, I was munching on the pack absent-mindedly.  I landed with the idea of buying several packs.  Then came the rude surprise - Grapefruit flavor is not a common sight on TicTac stands - anywhere.<br /><br />I finally settled on this purchase as the only way to maintain a steady supply.  This flavor of TicTac is best used as a "chaser", following a heavy-duty breath freshening from TicTac Power Mint, the blue color.  Not only is Power Mint effective, it also numbs out my tongue for several minutes.  A follow-up with a single Grapefruit restores my mouth to normality.<br /><br />I rate Grapefruit as the best flavor, with Watermelon and the new Strawberry Foelds close seconds.  In general any flavor TicTac is effective breath-freshening, but Grapefruit is truly addicting.  TicTac settles the issue that the tongue is a major contributor to sour breath.
Delicious and unique flavor, great for those who like a little tart taste. Nice the have a 12 pack since they are pretty hard to find.
When I stumbled across pink grapefruit tic tacs, I was intrigued enough to order them.  I do enjoy grapefruit flavors and I love tic tacs with intense flavors.  These did not disappoint.  They offer an intense flavor that tastes just like real grapefruit.<br /><br />An unusual treat!
Look no futher. Always fresh! Nothing is worse than stale candy,, so save yourself from anguish and purchase here today
My daughter and I loved these when they first came out but had been unable to find them locally.  Then I thought, if anyone would have them, Amazon would!<br /><br />So glad to find them - it made a nice addition to her Christmas stocking.
We found these pink grapefruit Tic Tacs while vacationing in Massachusettes; when we returned to California, we couldn't find them! I was happy to find them here. They taste great!
This is a keeper flavor -- hope Tic Tac removes pink grapefruit from the limited edition category.  Citrus flavor seems especially potent to freshen your mouth after eating onion/garlic.
I rarely eat anything but whole wheat pasta, but every once in a while, I eat some of this as a treat.  Almost as good as the pastas that I ate while in Italy!  Just make sure you don't over cook.
I love The Meadow.  So I guess this review is more about how much I adore this store, than it is about the salt (which by the way is fabulous).  I got my order way faster than I expected, which was nice.  I would recommend purchasing anything from these amazing folks, and even better if you can visit their lovely store in Portland.  This is one of the most romantic stores that exists.  Opening my box of truffle salt, and smelling that fragrant scent, was just not as magical as walking into their gorgeous store filled with flowers, salt, chocolate and wine.  Ah, it is a taste of heaven.<br /><br />The salt's great.  thanks Meadow people.
The purchase and receipt of the box of chocolates was very good, and made my home in plenty of time for Christmas.  The box was opened the day after new years.  The cholocates were discolored and dry.  The box had expired two months before I made the order.  I made a complaint with Amazon which was resolved in a few days with full credit to my charge card.  This company wanted me to mail them back the chocolates which i had saved along with the wrapper.  They would not reply back to my inquiry as to who would pay for the shipping the chocolates back to the seller. I still have the out of date and bad box of cholocate and will keep them for inspection for the next month or so.  Then trash can.
A very soft, very delicious Keebler Brand Cookie that is hard to find in the supermarket and generally around $4.49/bag 'cause it's never on sale. I picked up my order of 6 bags through Warehouse Deals fulfilled by Amazon for $13.00, a good bargain considering how much they are in a grocery store @ $4.49/bag and hard to find usually in this variety! If the sale is right, I highly recommend it for you to try and buy for yourself!
It is hard to stay out of these wonderful cookies! Just the right amount of chocolate chips and the texture is melt-in-your-mouth good!
I may be dating myself here a bit but I remember when the first Soft Batch cookies came out.  These were the first and they were bigger and yes, even softer than these are now.  But, at that time, they were the ONLY soft, prepackaged cookie (can you believe that?) besides Archway.  They then came out with at least a dozen other varieties but for some reason, they stopped making them.  I can remember every kid imaginable going nuts over these things so I'm wondering why they stopped.<br /><br />Anyway, back to today, these cookies, even though they're smaller, are still quite excellent.  They are just so soft and taste better than Keebler's other soft and chewy cookies.  This package made it about 20 minutes in this house - that's what happens when you're raising a bunch of Titan boys!<br /><br />Great, great stuff, HIGHLY recommend!
Chewy Chips Ahoy and Keebler Soft Batch are very similar taste and texture. I decided to try this since a had a coupon for 50% off. They're slightly smaller than Chips Ahoy, but that's about it. My cookies arrived a little crumbled due to shipping, but no complaints because they were still edible and tasted great. Great Cookies, and now I have a stockpile of them :).
What more can I say. Barley Edible - Crunch on Sugar.  Did come on time but have a feeling that they wanted this unloaded because it didn't sell or maybe bad batch.  Doesn't make you sick or anything like that but you can actually find yourself crunching on sugar like you put a sugar cube in your mouth.  Kids probably don't care.  Hope this helps.
Needed some bulk quantity jelly beans to fill small jars for baby shower favors.  Buying them this way saved a lot of money over buying them by the pound at the local candy store.  As stated in another review, the jelly beans just come in an unlined cardboard box.  This seemed a bit odd, but there were 2 sheets of wax paper, I guess to prevent dust, etc from getting into the box through the top and bottom.  Not much else to say, they're Jelly Belly's at about half the cost of the local guy!
I was shocked to see that the bulk version of these Jelly Belly's are just in a cardboard box, no plastic, no nothing. Doesn't seem overly hygienic. Since I didn't open the box for a few months the Jelly Belly's were getting softer and crystallizing [unbeknownst to me] because we live in a wet climate. Hmmm...just be aware that the packaging should be upgraded
I don't understand why this dog food is not full of reviews. Checkout [&#8230;] they give this dog food 4 out of 5 stars which beats science diet and purina one which I use to use and diamond natural is less expensive.
We purchase this food for our two boxers and great dane. The dane has an allergy to chicken and one of the boxers has a weak stomach, so this food is perfect for them. All three dogs love it (even the picky one) and it seems to agree with their digestive tracts more than any other dog food that we've tried (I can't begin to tell you how pleased I am about THAT). I did a lot of research to find a quality food that isn't full of filler and won't break the bank. I am 100% pleased with this food, more so than any of the other more expensive brands that I've tried.
I have tried many many many different brands. I also did my research on what's the best for my Dane and most of it is expensive. I found this to be very good quality and a good price among Chicken Soup and Canidae.<br />My GD loves this he eats 7-8 cups a day and he would love to eat more. He has a shiny coat, no allergies and his sensitive stomach thanks the food. I highly recommend this. But I am buying it somewhere else a little cheaper and 2 day shipping. ;)
Over 90% of dry dog food is very unhealthy and can not even get 1 or 2 stars out of 5 or 6. Diamond Naturals is a great food. I have 6 Afghans and I've spent many, many hours of research to find this out.
My giant Schnauzer was weaned on this food. When we changed to Blue Buffalo, Eukanauba  Lamb and Rice, and Nutro he developers allergies. This is the only food that works.
It's amazing how little popularity that Diamond Pet Foods seems to have considering the quality ingredients their foods contain!  I worked at a pet store for about four years. Our number one recommendations on foods were Natural Balance and Wellness- two EXCEPTIONAL foods that are pretty expensive.  But for those owners who have multiple dogs or even one large breed dog, those brands can cripple your budget.  So when I would get customers who absolutely LOVED their pets and wanted to be able to feed them healthy food without breaking their banks, I recommended Diamond.  Diamond dog food costs about the same as those commercial brands like Purina and Iams, but contains ONLY natural, healthy ingredients.  Just remember, the less garbage you feed your dog (by-products, fillers) the less your dog uses the bathroom- AND they stay fuller, longer!
This is the best dog food I have ever purchased, and having been a dog training for over 4 years, I've purchased A LOT! We first tried this food when our new addition (an 8-week old German Shepherd) joined the family, and we wanted to keep him on a natural dog food. With any purebred dog, health can be an issue, and you don't want to fill your dog with by-products and plant fillers from day one. This food is praised by unbiased pet food reviewers, and I don't understand why there isn't more publicity for this product. Our other dog, a 5-year old English Bulldog with constant skin/allergy issues, was switched over when we discovered this brand, and she has not had an allergic reaction since! We didn't realize how much it had to do with diet. Her hair used to fall out in spring (not just normal shedding, but actual balding from hair loss), but this has alleviated that problem as well. Now our shepherd is a year and a half old, and he's eating this Large Breed Adult Lamb & Rice flavor. He's not a big eater, but he loves this food! Will definitely keep him, and all future pets, on this brand as long as they keep their standards as high as they are now!! Kudos Diamond for making a wonderful natural dog food.<br /><br />SIDE NOTE: I would never buy regular Diamond brand food. If the bag doesn't say "Natural" on it, the standards they are kept to are WAY lower and the quality suffers immensely. Stick with Natural (it's a couple dollars more at most!) and your dog will be happier and healthier and live a longer life! Isn't that what we all want?!?
I don't review much, but I have been buying this brand for my Irish Wolfhound for over 2 years now.  He still loves it and it's good for him.  If you have a large breed dog, this dog food will be a good choice for healthy food.
this food gets an A rating compared to failing scores for many others in the price range. however, it's about $8 more here on amazon than at the local pet store (after a 9.25% sales tax)
My 8 year old Great Dane was itching a lot with the Lamb meal from the big box stores. I started buying this (for cheaper) and he stopped itching. His coat is also looking shinier. I wish I would have discovered this years ago. It saves me trips to the pet store and money also.
I ordered two of these bags for my three dogs - a mastiff, a lab, and a terrier mutt.  They arrived well packaged inside cardboard boxes.  The dogs like the food, their coats are shiny, and the mastiff didn't vomit when beginning this new food.  He has problems when switching foods, but he started on the Diamond Naturals with no problems.  I'm going to continue to buy this food for my dogs.
I have 3 dogs with different needs and tastes and this is one of the few foods that meets them and basically one of the only ones I can afford.<br />My oldest (14) loves the lamb, my husky loves the glucosamine and the youngest farts less on this food which makes everyone happy.<br />I always try to find food with good ingredients and this meets that standard while staying one of the cheapest foods. I thoroughly recommend it!
This salad seasoning is so simple but extremely tasty.  It enhances the salad as it's not too over-powering.  It's a salty, mildly seasoned packet of goodness. It's also very addictive probably due to the MSG. Add olive oil and red wine vinegar, Mmmmmm.  I can't believe I found it here, b/c you cannot find it in mainstream supermarkets nor ethnic markets anymore.
I have used this product for a few years now, my family and I love how it adds flavor to our salads and frozen vegetable dishes. Problem was I could only get it at a few grocery stores when I would go home to Florida to visit, then I couldn't find it at those stores anymore. I was happy to find it on Amazon and ordered the case quantity which will last a long time.
I loooove this product .... I use it a lot on my salads, vegetables  and to season meats ..... delicious !!!
I love Goya salad and vegetable seasoning, I tried it once and was hooked, it's the only thing I use on my salads now. I love the small packages, I can easily take them to a restaurant. I also love the fact that it is much lower in calories than regular salad dressing.Thankfully,the area that I live in carried this product for a short time and I was able to try it. Unfortunately the area that I live in stopped carrying the product, I know this because I searched every store in the town that I live in as well as the surrounding towns. Eventually, I went to Amazon and found the product, unfortunately at that time they are out of stock, I waited six months and finally Amazon had the product again. I ended up buying the pack of 24 eight count boxes, to make sure that I never ran out of the product again. Since I had so many I was able to share with friends and family.
This is a simple salad seasoning, just add vinegar and oil one packet of Goya<br />salad seasoning and you will have the best salad ever.  Also you can put in<br />a potato salad and is marvelous also!<br />please give it a try and enjoy it!!!
My husband refuses to eat fish, but he LOVES this. It only takes 10-12 minutes to make, and is way better than any other kind of Tuna Helper I've tried.<br /><br />Besides the box itself, you'll need:<br /><br /> - 1 can of tuna (6 oz., or I use 8 oz.)<br /> - 1 tablespoon of butter<br /> - 1 cup of milk<br /><br />It's a breeze to prepare, just DON'T leave it alone before you put the tuna and pasta in. Because of the milk, it likes to boil over. Just keep an eye on it and reduce the heat right after it starts boiling.
The box has only pasta and dried-up sauce. No TUNA!!!<br /><br />If you can see the words in the spoon on the bottom right of the box, it says, "Just add tuna".<br /><br />So the products is making a FALSE CLAIM !!! Shame on you, Annie.
Mackerel is a tasty alternative to salmon with nearly the same Omega 3 content. My local grocery store hasn't been able to get tinned mackerel for several months. No one can explain why. So I ordered a case of these and have been pleased with the quality and value. I'm reordering.
i have ordered mackerel several times on amazon and most pleased with SEASONS brand than any other. seems to me the fish are smaller therefore less mercury.<br />packed in olive oil is also a bonus. they are not as "fishy" as others that i have tried. i eat them to get a healthy serving of omega 3. my 11 year old boy has taken a liking for them as well as my 14 year old daughter. we put a small chunk on a cracker and top with a ring of hot banana peppers.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HDMW9M">Season Fillets of Mackerel in Olive Oil, 4.375-Ounce Tins (Pack of 12)</a> i would recommend this brand. tom heflin
I ordered these a while back off of Amazon. The mild flavor and firm texture is great. When they are available here they are about 2/3's the cost of my local super market. They are always good no matter where I buy them. I just wish Amazon kept them in stock all the time.
The product was exactly as I expected and the same as previously bought in retail stores.
At  $3.33 a can, these are expensive for what they are, but are well worth it. The mackerel are of very high quality, are well packed, and not overcoooked or smoked. Also, since fish is the only meat I eat, I end up having a can almost every day.
These are better than the usual canned fish filets, tastier, and not dry.  There are no bones or skins.  I worried about Mackerel but they are much nicer than, say, kippered herring filets or sardines in oil.  It's easy to pour off the olive oil if that is a worry, but you'd be losing something that is also tasty.
They taste good and give you a lot for what you pay. The meat was of high quality. I was however expecting each tin to contain one medium sized fillet. Rather, these are about 6 small fillet in a can, much more like sardines are packaged (but these are just fillets). Was a bit disappointing for that, and the info could have been more clear.
Ordered 2 cases on different dates and got them within 2 days. Cant find these in the stores so please keep them in stock. Make for a great meal with some veggies or a salad...and this type of fish with omega 3's is good for you.
These are wonderful!  Exactly like the originals, only in miniature form.  Delicious and crispy and the wonderful Amaretto flavor!  Rapid shipping from the seller as well!
This has been a Christmas favorite since my late sister-in-law introduced our family to these cookies over 20 years ago.  She was from Italy and loved these cookies as do we.
This product makes a great gift!  Not only are the cookies delicious, but the tin is attractive and of good quality.  Highly recommended.
When I was in Rome I got these for my grandfather as a gift, he is from Italy so I thought he would enjoy something from home (although I wasn't sure if these were a little Americanized, since a lot of the wording on the tin was in English). Anyway, my grandfather LOVED them. My mom thought they were too sweet, but he just loved them and now I am glad I could find them online so I can get him more!
A little more money than your average cookie, but VERY much worth it.  You will not find a cookie like this anywhere else!
We had candied chestnuts that came in a box in France many years ago and have since looked for them in the states.  This year I searched the internet and wa-la there were some products to try.  There were some products more expensive and because the product would be shipped we did not want to be spending a lot for something not that good.  These came in a can with syrup which was different than the ones we had had in France but they are excellent.
The best way to get Jelly Belly... a good price.. and you only get the flavor you want.
Instead of a resealable tub with the jelly beans, I received a cardboard box, with a plastic bag full of jelly beans.  They were closed with a twist tie and there was no labeling on the bag.  On the box there was a typed label that said:"green apple jelly  belly 16 oz. new".  There was no ingredient list, company logo, allergen information, or anything else you'd expect to find on food packages. I certainly wouldn't eat food that arrived in a plastic bag with a twist tie.  I did ask that it be shipped next day, so maybe they couldn't take the time to package it in the advertised tub.  Amazon was nice enough to give me a full refund, which was the only positive part of the experience.
Chocolate with coconut!  How can you lose?<br /><br />I love Ross Chocolates.  You can really tell that they are made of top quality chocolate.  It is creamy and flavorful.<br /><br />I enjoy these (and I buy several flavors...all have the same great quality and taste) especially because I try to keep my sugar intake to a minimum.  I keep a supply of them in my refrigerator in airtight containers at all times.  They keep very nicely.
Very nice product.  It is not a Mounds bar, but it helps satisfy the urge.
I wait for this cereal to go on sale before I buy it and the sale price is usually $1.99 per 12 ounce box.  The regular price is about $4.<br /><br />$28.88 for 70 small boxes of less than one ounce each is 41 cents per box/nearly per ounce. The sale price is 17 cents per ounce.  The regular price is 33 cents per ounce.<br /><br />On the other hand, this should make two rice krispie treats with one box.  Starbucks sells rice krispie treats for $2 as one of their lowest priced snacks.
DE is a very good coffee.  I ordered this as my father-in-law raved about it, and the whole bean aroma rood is indeed a good coffee.  It tastes like a medium coffee with a particular spice feel to it.  Very unique and very tasty.  I tend to make my coffee very bold even if it is a 'medium' coffee, and even bold this is up there with some of my favorite coffees.<br /><br />If you are a coffee fan, this is worth a shot, pun intended.<br /><br />Enjoy.
I drank this coffee over 30 years ago when I lived in The Netherlands. So glad that I can get it through Amazon. Strong, full bodied but easy on the tummy!!!
If you have a coffee grinder, this is the best coffee, I would highly recommend it! The taste and aroma remind me of sitting in a cafe in Holland, relaxing and watching the passersby...
This is a very good, medium-roast, medium-bodied coffee. Brew it directly after grinding the bean to capture the most flavor.
this product came as advertized..it was a great buy and I love the taste of the tea<br /><br />great deal and happy i purchase from them.
I bought this for fathers day. My father loves dried fruits and nuts.<br /><br />It came in a somewhat cute crate box, and each compartment was in a plastic bag. That means that if you don't eat the nuts in one sitting they will go stale, as they are now sitting in the open. Same story for the fruit.<br /><br />While all the bags were closed when my father opened them he found that the nuts were stale and the fruit were hard/chewy.<br /><br />I recommend purchasing this if you need a centerpiece, but not if you actually want to eat it.
I paid extra money to have this overnighted to my sister, and it turns out it arrived more than a day late. That's unacceptable to me.
I used this flour in my usual pizza recipe. I noticed the difference with regular bread flour right away. The dough was very elastic and easy to work with. The pizza ended up being lighter and crispier than usual. I will only use his flour from now on!
Shipping was prompt and the product was what I fully expected.  It helped me be successful with Mama Agata's Lemon Cake where U.S. flours failed.
I don't know why this flour isn't available in grocery stores in the Midwest.  Typical grocer flours have a protein content much too high to give an authentic taste to such foods as pizza crust and homemade pastas.  And after years of making homemade pastas and trying to find that perfect recipe that would result in those served in the best Italian restaurants in the US and Europe, I'm happy to discover, the secret was in the 00 protein content all along.  What a fabulous difference this flour makes!  Freezes well too.
So this stuff is a must have for making true pizza napoletana.  I'm really thrilled that it is so accessible here in the USA.  This flour makes the most silky smooth dough I've ever had the pleasure of getting sticky with, and it has a different (better for pizza) taste than the all-purpose store brand flour.  Sure It costs a little more, it's coming from Italy, but given that you can make about 6 pizzas per bag ... who's counting?  Get this stuff, some D.O.P. tomatoes, grow some basil, and make some Mozarella (okay, I admit, haven't done this one ... yet) but given the first couple items there and you're well on your way to the origins of pizza in Naples, Italy. Is it worth it??? I say Si!!! Mangia!!! (And Taylor's Market always comes through for my home shipments!... Cheers!)
I ordered this Italian flour after reading an article about some of the issues with American wheat. It is<br />light, and everything I've made with it from cookies to pizza crust has been delicious. It was shipped<br />very quickly.
If you follow their recipes precisely, with careful measurements, the freezer jams are excellent.  Strawberry jam is particularly appealing.  I've been warned that changing quantities of any ingredient will not have happy results.
sweet, juicy and yummy. I have to try hard not to eat too much at one time. So addictive. It tastes just like those in Asian market. Actually this one tastes a bit better.
Dried mangoes are my hubby's favorite fruit.  He especially LOVES the Philippine brand.  Some come close, but no cigar.  We have searched high & low to find a brand comparative to these, but there are none.  Having them delivered on a regular basis is great & with free shipping.  No more detective work and disappointment.  He does have to be careful however, because he seems to eat them too fast & runs out short of the next delivery, maybe I will increase my quantity!  Quality is the best.  Delivery on a regular basis was a perfect gift for him.  I am very happy & satisfied.
Great value and much superior to what you find in stores. Makes a great snack or after dinner treat, but for those who are health conscious remember to keep it to a few pieces since they are covered in thin sugar. Try to keep the bag tightly sealed once you open them since the slowly begin to dry up. Will be ordering more soon :)
By faar the best dried mangoes i have purchased. Fresh and full of flavor. The 2 pach 20oz is probably the best value. Order a lot because it will be done before you know it. Trust me it is heartbreaking when you reach into the bag and only find mango crumbs.
I remember really loving to eat dried mangos when I was younger so I decided to give this brand a try. These weren't bad per se but they were a little too sweet for my taste. I guess it's a good thing though since you don't want to eat a lot of them because the calories will build up unless you control your portions. I'll eat one and it'd satisfy my sweet tooth for hours before I want to eat another one. Therefore, I guess it's a good thing that it's a little too sweet but still... I would have liked less sugar.
This is not a 20 oz bag.  It is only 4oz each bag.  Misleading product.  Thought I was buying 20oz bags.  Not very happy.  Should've gone local for 8 dollars per bag.
I love these delicious mangoes but the subscription option doesn't ship at correct times. I just received two shipments at once (even packaged in the same box) this week, when one of those shipments was supposed to be for April and I was not notified of that before they shipped and charged my card.
Tasty, slightly different flavors then other brands, but good. In all other respects good purchase. Hard to find in US so I am not too picky.
This sauce is excellent for authentic Chinese dishes! My wife is from China and we love to use this product to make Hot Pot and Ma Po Tofu.
Bought this as a joke to give to a friend that is a beer connisseur (sp) for his dog.  The dog didn't really care one way or the other and tried to give some to my dog and he also turned up his nose.  Not sure, but it appears to have a very salty, brothy smell that could be the reason for the turned up doggy noses.  However, it was cute to put into staged pictures of the dogs with the plastic bottles looking like they were hung over, along with their master!
I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and his roomates' dogs. It looked really cute in the package but left the dogs exremely gassy. They are a german shepard, pitbull and a retreiver at fairly large sizes but it was a little rough on the tummy so use lightly.
I use this for iced tea and it is just so much better than American teas - it just plain is!  It is all I buy, and now I get it for others too.  Look no further.
I'm a big black tea drinker and have tried a lot of different brands out there, and I find that PG makes the best black tea. It's nice and strong, not like crappy Lipton black tea. We've been loyal to the PG brand black tea for over a year now - it's a little pricier than other brands, but definitely worth it if you enjoy black tea.
I find it is difficult to find black tea in the United States that is of decent quality.  I love PG Tips.  It brews up nice and rich and is reasonably priced.
I really love this tea and have found that my daughter and daughter-in-law feel the same!  I've used the loose leaf tea for years but find the convenience of the bags encouraging.
Love this tea...especially love triangle bags more flavor & the tea is what I remember it to be...Happy<br />Came right on time in great shape...Happily enjoying my PG TIPS!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ5JLE">PG Tips Black Tea, Pyramid Tea Bags, 240-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a>
Love PG Tips tea.  It's hard to find in the USA, but a standard in the UK.
I have to say that I really wanted to like these muffins, but I could not.  They have a really bitter after taste.  Whether this is attributable to the gluten free nature of the product, I do not know.  The Hodgson Mill Blueberry Muffin Mix is a far better choice.  On a positive note, they do raise very nicely, but it is unfortunate that I find them barely edible and have five more boxes of the mix left.
I baked my first batch of these muffins and was pleased that they were so easy to make and tasted so good.  Then I stored them in the refrigerator since gluten free home baked goods are notorious for molding.  I ate one straight out of the frig and it was great!  I guess the flavors melded together after being stored a few hours.  I finished the batch one at a time out of the frig without re-heating any of them.  They were so good that way I couldn't bring myself to try them any other way.  :)<br /><br />Our family has been navigating the area of gluten free eating for over 10 years.  The choices just keep getting better as more companies are becoming aware of celiac disease.  I have created an astore through Amazon that has the gluten free items we have had the pleasure of trying. [...]
I really wanted these to taste good, but there is something in there that is very bitter. I had to add too much sugar to make them even slightly palatable. No one would eat them. They LOOKED delicious after baking and they're healthy, but that's only if you manage to choke one down. I have tried their gingerbread, corn muffin mix, and jalapeno cornbread mix and those are all great.
If people would read the ingredients they would be less critical of the end product.  I only tried them as pancakes and they lent themselves most excellently. I used an Erythritol instead of sugar and they tated great and cooked very well.  I did not even use a blender to mix.
This item didn't have the pleasant taste that most of Hodgson Mills products have, such as the Wild Blueberry Muffin Mix.  However, I found it greatly improved the flavor & added nutrition if I grated an apple into the mix. It increased the much needed moisture, & it was certainly a nutritious breakfast.
This product comes from a very good company that makes a number of excellent Gluten free as well as non-gluten free baking products. DO NOT let the poor quality of this one product keep you from trying other products they make. This mix is a classic example of a very poorly designed and likely untested Gluten free product. It lacks enough sugar and moisture ingredients to make the finished product taste good and mix well. As with many Gluten Free products new to the market, you find yourself constantly adding "something" to try to make it right. To these, I had to add nearly a full cup of sugar to begin to dissipate the very bitter taste. I added both applesauce and plain yogurt during different baking sessions to get a consistency that would feel and move like a muffin mix. THIS mix takes too much "Doctoring" to be recommended at all until Hodgson Mill goes back to the drawing board and fixes this. BUT, Hodgson Mill does have other good products. Try their Blueberry Muffin Mix and hope that one day Amazon will carry a wider array of their Gluten Free offerings as many are very, very good.
These came out smaller than I expected, but the taste as not as good as I thought it should be.  Second time, I added a couple of items, which helped a little, but it is hard to find a great tasting boxed muffin mix.  I thought it would save me time, but I like my own muffins better.  My husband thought they were okay, but not great.
I couldn't get these to work for muffins, so I decided to try the pancakes and wasn't disappointed. They come out perfectly raised every time. I like to make these without any sugar in the batter. The flax makes it very bitter, but I like them like that with lots of butter. However, if you just add some syrup on top, it extinguishes the bitter taste on contact. Give these a try!
I have never prepared anything so disgusting.  The taste was a mix of sour milk and cardboard, the smell just as bad.  I had to take the trash out because the whole room was beginning to smell.  I bake often, so I know it's not a kitchen error and I'm not that picky, but I could not stop gagging. I would recommend Pamela's brownies--add extra dark chocolate and they're delicious as "brownie bite" cookies (side recipe on the bag).  I even make them super healthy and use 1/2C applesause instead of oil!
I bought these at my local grocery store. I wish I would have read the review on here first. The positive is they do hold together well and look like a muffin. The negative is they are so bitter. I could barely finish my half. I just recently found out I have Celiac Disease  so I cant have gluten. I have never tried a gluten free muffin mix before so I can not compare it to any others. I have tried the Betty Crocker Gluten Free brownie mix and that is wonderful. So I do believe there would be a good muffin mix out there.
These muffins will not win any prizes for flavor.  I agree with other reviewers that the aftertaste is somewhat bitter and compared to (at least what I remember of) real muffins with sugar, gluten, eggs, butter, and that other good stuff they are quite fine.<br /><br />I do not eat gluten, derivatives of sugar cane, eggs, soy, dairy, corn . . . I could go on but you get the idea.  In order to use this mix I had to make substitutions and was delighted with what tastes like a treat to me.  Aside from the fact that I don't have to measure out three kinds of flour to make something from scratch, the best thing about these muffins is the texture.  Texture is a challenge absent gluten, sugar, and eggs, and I found this to be very much like how I remember muffins.  The bits of dried apple make these chewy and kind of weirdly so.<br /><br />Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
I have 2 children with food allergies, so I have to use egg, milk and butter substitutions for these muffins, and it works well.  I add a little more sugar to the mix and top the muffins with a brown sugar and pecan mixture before I bake them.  All my kids love them!  You can top with just brown sugar if you cannot have or do not like pecans.  I love these muffins as well!
Folks who are comparing this to Hodgson's blueberry muffin mix obviously don't require gluten-free products (since the blueberry are whole wheat muffins). If, like me, you require gluten free, this is a great product. This is the first flavorful GF baked good I have stumbled upon. Very simple and quick to make. Like all GF products, they are pretty dense in the end, but the apples make for a nice addition and they fill you up. Personally, I added a bit more "sugar" (xylitol) than the recipe calls for. Next batch, I will also add some fresh apples and extra cinnamon. My only complaint is that you get so little out of the box (makes 6 small muffins).
I was really excited and surprised when I found this mix in my local Wal Mart. Given it was a good price, I figured Id give it a shot.... before I whipped up a batch I figured Id do a little investigating to see if there was any input/ suggestions on the mix. WOW. Is everyone using the same mix or what? Reviews from "its great" to "its horrible"..like a total 50/50 split. SOOOooo, before  I wasted a bunch of money on products to whip up a batch and see for myself, I figured Id simply open the packae up and take a taste to the mix, all on its own.... ummmmm, yeah. It TOTALLY has a pretty strong bitter after taste. :/ And , like another reviewer, I had figured this mix would be adequately sweet enough for me and not need any extra sweetener (I dont like things very sweet, at all) but its DEF not. As I re read the ingredients I realized there isnt ANY sugar/sweetener in this mix so, youd def NEED to add sweetening. But, overall, I dont even plan on taking this mix that far. Im pretty certain that adding sugar wont take that aftertaste away. Thats an issue with the flour mix and no amount of sugar is going to make that go away..... Id strongly suggest avoiding this mix.... I hope the company works on this mix. It has good elements to it (I like the fact you can determine how sweet youd want it and the apple pieces are pretty tasty) and I think it COULD be really tasty.
If I could, I would give it zero stars.  I am not a picky eater, but this mix did not rise (can you say hockey puck), was extremely bitter, and not sweet even with the recommended amount of sweetener added.  Save your money.
These muffins were very good made according to the recipe on the box, but when I changed the recipe a little, by substituting almond milk for the 2% milk, and extra virgin olive oil for the butter, they were great!  Next time, I am going to try adding some grated carrots and not adding the sugar.  Thank you Hodgson Mill for a wonderful gluten free product.
I bought this because I have celiac disease and was really craving some muffins.  I am not a health nut, I just can't eat gluten.  With that said, this is nasty.  It calls for very little sugar, I figure for the health nuts, so I simply added more sugar since it said to sweeten to taste.  Even with extra sugar, it leaves an extremely bitter taste in your mouth.  I would rather pass on muffins than ever taste something like this again.  On a positive note, the muffins do stay together and look like muffins and if you try the product and dislike it, you can mail in the bottom of the box and your purchase price for a refund.
I concur with previous reviewers in that these muffins have such a bitter taste! I also bake often and I'm certain it wasn't me. My gluten-eating husband didn't like them either. They were also dense.<br />If you are looking for an apple cinnamon flavor and need a mix, you might be better off using Pamela's Baking Mix (which is awesome!) and adding apples and cinnamon to it. The muffin recipe is on the back of the Pamela bag.<br />In conclusion, I don't recommend these; they were really disappointing.
My family really liked these muffins.  I also made them while on vacation at my sister's house, and her family loved them.  I just got back from a Bible study full of pretty picky eaters, and they all said they were good.  They're usually pretty honest about how the gluten-free food I take tastes, even telling me once that some store-bought cookies I took tasted like cardboard.<br /><br />I did notice a VERY SLIGHT bitter aftertaste, but it was not too bad.  I think next time I make these I may take the advice of one other reviewer and add a grated apple for that extra touch.  Oh, and I only added 3 TBS of sugar and think they were really good, as did everyone else who ate them.  I'm sure that if you add even more sugar, the slight aftertaste could disappear altogether.<br /><br />I just went to the Hodgson Mills website and saw that they did recently change the formulation to this mix, so maybe that improved the aftertaste.  This mix does not have garbanzo flour.  They use sorghum instead, now.  I did not make these as muffins.  I found that one box is perfect for 2 mini loaves, which I prefer to muffins.  Very good.  I will continue to make these when I need something fast and don't have time to make it from scratch.<br /><br />Oh, and to the poster who asked about gluten free pasta, Tinkyada makes a great brown rice pasta.
I recently discovered that I have sensitivities to dairy and wheat, so I have been trying gluten free products.  I knew about Hodgson Mill because of their Oat Bran hot cereal, which is really good and soothes my tummy.  Consequently, I ordered Hodgson Mill gluten free pancake and waffle mix, as well as their apple cinnamon muffin mix.  Both have proven delicious.  Even my husband, who is not gluten sensitive, loves the pancakes.  I made waffles from the apple cinnamon mix this morning, and they were really good and very filling.  Not sure if the formulation has changed since the previous negative reviews, but I have no complaints, and I am very picky.  I just wish Hodgson Mill products were more readily available in our local stores.  If anyone has tried their gluten-free pasta, please post because Lundberg's rice pasta left a lot to be desired.<br /><br />Thanks!
Woeber's Hot & Spicy Mustard is oh so good!  I'll buy another case when this gone.  Makes a great gift as well!
It is great! I like it alot. Great price too. I think it is delicious. Top quality product in my opinion.
This is a nice mustard for sandwiches, potato salad, corned beef, roast beef or hot dogs.  I have yet to find a single Woeber product that I do not like.  They are all tasty.  I am glad to see that their distribution range has grown over the past ten years.
I started giving these to my daughter when she was 9 months.  She loved them so much her first word was cracker (while signing more)!  They dissolve in her mouth so I don't have to worry about choking.  And they are healthy too.  I highly recommend it.
We have to hide these boxes and pull them out when our one year-old daughter won't eat anything else.  She will always eat these.  Her brother and sister are always sneaking and eating them too.
My little girl will ask for these crackers day and night.  Bought a pkg of 6 and have used up 4 real quick.  I will be back for more very soon.
I LOVE these graham sticks.  They dissolve well and are super yummy (yes, I have eaten quite a few of them:).  I think they taste better than any other graham cracker I've tried, and they're organic to boot.  As far as sugary snacks go, they have pretty healthy ingredients. I like pretty much everything I've tried from Earth's best.  For those of you interested in how they're sweetened they contain organic invert syrup, organic evaporated can juice, and organic honey.  They don't have anything "scary" in them like maltodextrin or other such sweeteners.  Just vitamins and natural, organic products.
And they are good for them! With whole wheat flower and no high fructose corn syrup like a lot of other crackers.
My 1 year old loves these! Great snack! I've tried to find these at my stores and can't seem to get them very often. Love that they are organic and my one year old loves that Elmo is on the box!
I love these snacks because they are whole grain and organic. I also love the fact that they do not spill everywhere out of the snack cup like cheerios. I have also noticed that they do not leave a lot of crumbs, which makes Mommy happy.
I bought these for my  grandbabies because they are earths best and organic. They like them,but not as well as the cinnamon ones. I tried them,thought they tasted kind of like dirt.
Bought these for my grandbabies and they love them. I love them because they are organic. Only the best for my little guys. My big guys even snack on them.
I bought these graham sticks based on their excellent reviews and having purchased Earth's Best organic vanilla cookies, had high hopes for a healthy snack to serve my kids.  Needless to say, I should have purchased one box at the grocery store first before committing to 6 boxes through Amazon (which you are unable to return -even unopened boxes- since this is a food item).  The crackers smelled strange even before tasting them.  My 5 year old turned up her nose and refused to eat them anymore after trying a few.  I wish I could describe the taste, but it would be really hard.  It may sound strange for an organic food, but it was almost like a faint chemical smell.  At best, I can say that they weren't anything like a regular graham cracker flavor (even as an organic option they should have a better taste).  My 2 year old did eat some of them without complaint, so I am hoping she will tolerate them through 6 boxes so I feel like I did not waste my money.  Good price, but definitely test one box first to see if you like them.
15 month old loves to eat them on the go! They seem great for a healthy, quick, and easy snack!
My daughter loves these snacks and so does everyone else. I try to feed my daughter organic stuff and I'm so glad that Earth's Best makes a variety of snacks that she can have.
This is a very good snack that I feel great about offering my 10 month old.  She can easily  pick up the small pieces and definitely enjoys the apple cinnamon taste.  My 5 year old loves them as well!  I would definitely recommend these to anyone with small (or larger) kids.  :)
These are the only organic grahams I can find for a reasonable price.  We LOVE these and Amazon makes them a perfect affordable snack for my toddlers.
These are great crackers.  My little guy likes them a lot and best of all, they don't contain any soy or dairy!
I really didn't notice Elmo on the package? These are for kids more than adults. Nothing wrong with flavor, but priced for kids that scream alot.
I have a pure breed GSD and had problems for years with upset stomach, eating grass and throwing up bile in the morning and then would not eat as her stomach was too upset.  It finally dawned on me that due to throwing up bile in the am was that the food was not staying with her.  I even tried feeding her before going to bed at night and still did not work.  I tried Evo and I could not believe the change.  She does not get us up at night to go outside.  She was having 3-4 bowel movements every day and now she has 1 or sometimes 2.  I have had her on the Evo large bites for almost a year now and she has not been sick once.  It is the higher protein in this food that stays with her longer and has made all of our lives so much better.  Thank you, thank you EVO!!!
We have a Golden Retriever and had been feeding him the Wellness dog food.  He ate it begrudgingly so we decided to find something else.  I read the ingredients on the Evo red meat and was really impressed.  I gawked at the price but decided cheaper dog food isn't really a bargain if your dog won't eat it or get any enjoyment out of it.  The first time we fed it to him he pretty much inhaled it- and will literally go sit by the bag and look at it like it might just open if he stares at it hard enough!  I agree with the first reviewer that loose stools are a factor but believe with time that will clear up.  He is just so happy that we will keep on buying it for him, although I wish the price were a little more reasonable.
I have been feeding my GSD the red meat formula for about 6 months and all I can say is WOW. Before I started him on this food he had problems with skin allergies and being picky about food. Although the price for this food is a little daunting it is worth the price! You feed about half the amount you normally would since its so nutrient dense so one bag lasts us almost a month where a bag of purina would last us about 2 weeks. His skin allergies also cleared up in about month and his coat has never looked better and the dandruff is gone too. The only down side is when you first switch over it can cause some loose stools-but it gets better once their digestive system gets adjusted. All in all if you can afford to feed them EVO its well worth the investment!
When I got my dog I did a lot of research regarding dog food and dog food ingredients. There are high quality dog foods like this one out there, but you probably won't find them in regular supermarkets. While this food may be more expensive than other dog foods, it is well worth it. Innova Evo is one of the foods that were NOT affected by the recall. Also, the ingredients are healthier, and don't have high wheat/grain content or nasty additives.<br /><br />My Doberman used to have a lot of dandruff and had some skin problems. Also her poop was really mushy, almost diarrhea. When I finally switched her to Innova Evo Red Meat I'd wished I'd done it sooner. She doesn't need to eat quite as much, and her coat is beautiful! No more dandruff problems and her skin is great.
We have two Great Danes and it is very hard for us to keep the weight on them.<br /><br />EVO is the first dog food that both of them enjoys.  I dearly enjoy not having to chase them down and make sure that they eat.<br /><br />I have also notice that our older Dane is more active since he has been eating EVO. We feed them a mixture of the Innova EVO Red Meat and Innova EVO Large Bite Dry Dog Food.
I have a 2 1/2 year old 60 pound German wirehair pointer.  We feed this food during hunting season due to his increased metabolic needs.  He burns so many calories, he eats 8 cups of this food a day (with zeal).  We use the large bites to help keep the tarter and plaque off of his teeth (and to slow his eating).  Due to the high quality of this food, he can keep up his energy, keep his weight up, and recover more quickly from scrapes/bumps from running the field.  Our vet's exact words were, "Your dog is an example of perfect health."  You may think the price on this food is high, but it is worth it.  You get what you pay for.  Also, consider the canned version of this food.  It is a nice way to feed/hydrate a dog after a long day hunting - just give them an hour to settle down first.  On a side note, we feed Diamond Naturals Beef and Rice in the off season.  We have no digestive issues transitioning from one to the other (we switch over a period of a few weeks).
Complete, protein-based nutrition.  My dogs love this...although I'm not sure the pibble actually tastes it, she inhales it so fast.  ;)<br /><br />Regarding the other users who have had diarrhea issues:  My gastro-picky GSD (is that a word? I think other GSD owners will understand!) has had this as well.  Initially, I overfed this food, thinking that he needed to be eating the same amount as he had been eating the other stuff.<br />You feed MUCH less of this product.  It is nutrient-dense, and not all filler like other foods.  If you over-feed, you increase the risk of unpleasant side effects.<br /><br />It's a bit pricey, and I haven't broken down the cost per day, but since you feed less it might be competitive with other brands if someone was inclined to "run the numbers".
My wife switched our dogs to this food about 4 months ago and she has virtually gone from vacuuming daily to once a week.  The dogs hardly shed at all anymore. No more brushing needed and their coats are very soft and shiny.  We have used other grain free foods previously and liked them but this one is definitely the best we have tried.  It's pricey but we are able to feed them 1/2 of what we were using on the other foods and still maintain the same weight.  This food is well worth the price and the dogs love it.
This was a new food for my dog, and he seems to have adjusted very well to this product. Thank you, and I wish there were more coupons available for this item.
My husband and I are not coffee drinkers, but we love hot chocolate. We hated the time it took to heat up the water,and the mess the dry mix sometimes makes. We saw that the Keurig coffee maker did other things like hot chocolate and tea, liked that it was almost instant hot water, and bought one. I ordered another brand of hot chocolate k-cup, and absolutely hated it. It had a weird almost metallic taste that was not sweet or chocolately. I was worried I wasted my money on a maker I would never use. I decided to try another brand and purchased the Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate Cocoa, and we absolutely love it! It is sweet and chocolately without being too bitter(which is why I originally steered away from the dark chocolate). I fully recommend this product!!
These cups are artifically sweetened with sucralose - I didn't realize until I tried one, and ended up with a little bit of a headache, which made me check the ingredient list - it isn't noted on the front of the box.  They definitely have an artificial taste, I would not buy them again.
I'm dieting, and I use these as a "treat" to myself, when I'm craving chocolate.  I usually brew one of these & one of my coffee K-cups (either plain or hazelnut).<br /><br />For 60 calories, it's not a bad way to satisfy a chocolate craving when you're on a "calorie-budget!"
Even my kids like this. They are always asking for hot cocoa. Its not too sweet and very chocolaty. It is not super high in sugar or calories so its a great little treat. Enjoy!
This Hot cocoa is the nastiest tasting instant cocoa I've ever had. I know it's not going to taste like the real thing, but after just three cups I can't bring myself to finishing the box. I think I'll just throw them out. Our k-cup machine is about a month old and the coffee flavors we've tried are all fine so we wanted to try the cocoa. The first try was very watery so I thought the cup size needs to be reduced. This results in just a sweeter cup of hot water. Stick with coffee.
These have an artificial sweetener aftertaste. Not pleasant. I would not purchase them again. This the first Kcup hot chocolate I've tried, I'll keep looking.
This product tastes like muddy water maybe because it is out of date!?!  I don't know but I'll not buy this again.
Good tasting and the pricing is pretty good. It's always sold out on Keurig.com, so I come here to make this purchase, I love Dark Chocolate! Reason for 4 stars, the pricing isn't great but it's okay.
This is a wonderful Dark Chocolate flavor.  Much deeper flavor than the Milk Chocolate.  The Milk Chocolate is good but does not have this deep flavor.  Will be buying this again.!!!
The hot chocolate K-Cups don't work like the coffe K-Cups.  The coffee K-Cups have a screen inside the cup to keep the coffee grounds in the K-Cup, it also makes the last drop of liquid to fall into your cup as much coffee as the first drip.  These Cafe Escape Hot Cocoa K-Cups don't have a screen the chocolate powder empties out of the K-Cup as fast as it can, so that the last amount of water to come out of the Keurig is mostly water and it sits on the top of your cup.  So STIR it before drinking it, otherwise all you taste is the sweetener.  Also these K-Cups are made for 8 oz serving size, so use the appropriate cup size for your taste.
These were a little disappointing. The hot chocolate is very watery and the flavor is a bit strange...kind of plastic tasting. Haven't been able to find a good brand of hot chocolate for keurig
After trying several of these k-cups, we threw the rest of the box away.  It only ever created flavorless brown water.  We then tried the Grove Square dark chocolate cocoa k-cups, and were much happier.
This seems to be the best brand that I have tried.  Others have been very weak in flavor, but not htis one.  I would truly recommend this for Moms who have small children and need the hot chocolate after playing in the snow.  Grab the marshmellows and enjoy!  Grammie Smith (6 grandkids)
Sure to be a hit with chalk-a-holics everywhere, from first sip to last this product suggests its European heritage deep in the chalk mines of southern France.<br /><br />Some seem to be making a case for it only having 60 calories, but the Keurig Chai Latte only has 70, and that product actually tastes pretty good.<br /><br />I have yet to find a Keurig-compatible hot chocolate that stands up to plain old Swiss Miss, scooped from a tub or a foil packet. And Swiss Miss isn't that great to begin with, although it sure is cheaper than this stuff.<br /><br />I wonder if the size of the Keurig capsule limits the amount of cocoa and powdered milk that can be put into a cup, so what ends up there has to be strong and highly compromised.
This product is not sweet enough for me and tastes better with marshmellows already in the cup while brewing. Watery texture was a disappointment.
This is a much better Hot Chocolate than some of the reviews would have you believe.  My wife does NOT drink coffee (calls it "Yuck") and I am very particular about my coffee, BUT we agree that this is an absolutely delightful hot chocolate.  I use a medium cup size setting and it seems to be the best one for this brew.  This chocolate comes in as a not so close second to some of the great hot chocolates we have had while traveling Europe, however this did save us airfare. But this is not at all bad for an instant cup of pleasure.  Adding marshmallows or topping with whipped cream would take it over the top.<br /><br />If you are one of the ones who wants to throw yours away, please send my way.  I will get rid of them for you.  Thanks!)<br /><br />I got this product directly from Keurig as one of my two free when I registered my new brewer and purchased two.  Could not beat that price here, but at normal prices, this is the deal.<br /><br />From the package: 60 Calories, 2g fat, 11g Carbohydrate, 1g Fiber, 7 G sugar, 1g protein.  Ingredients: Sugar, Alkalized Cocoa powder, creamer (and all of those ingredients, etc.
This one has a major problem. It's waaaay too watery, even at the recommended settings. The chocolate flavor is okay, and it's not overly sweet (although it still isn't great dark chocolate flavor). The really issue is that there isn't any creaminess, and adding milk only dilutes the flavor even more. Blech! I'll pass, and I'm throwing the rest of the box out.
Just got a new keurig and immediately went on a search for<br />the best dark rich bold coffee (Caribou Mahogany) and other brands<br />with rich taste (Wolfgang is winning so far) but really wanted to find<br />the best hot cocoas and got these first...now trying to give them away.<br />The are even worse than the packaged kind you get in the stores. Actually,<br />I think I've found better instant ones. I hate to write a bad review but..if<br />you want to find a DELICIOUS cocoa mix in the K-cups...get the Grove (Station) brand<br />here on Amazon.  They are always sold out (which DUH I know why now as they are a far better<br />tasting brand) but if<br />you put your email on a wait list, they'll let you know when they come in and<br />you dont have to wait very long.  I'd stock up though, as you'll find you want a cup<br />or two every night! (and the dark, milk and peppermint combined box is the bomb!!)I just<br />sent a couple boxes out to a friend of mine who was complaining about how bad the k cup hot<br />chocolates were....she'll be thrilled to get my care package!!
Gross! I tried these thinking they would at least taste like the regular powdered mixes.  The flavor is all fake sweetener (odd since sucralose is the last ingredient) and no dark chocolate.  I am bummed because now I have a box of these cups and don't want to drink them.
These bites are 'just enough' for a snack. They are delicious and the price is very reasonable! I will definitely purchase from this company again.
I tried this brand first and I must admit I became spoiled because subsequently I went to Whole Foods to try and buy a bunch more. I had to get Navitas and found they were smaller, drier and less flavorful. So here I am -- this brand's golden berries are large, with a wonderful more succulent texture. The only problem is sometimes I get the seeds stuck in my teeth! They have tiny white seeds like raspberries but the berry itself resembles a large golden raisin. The flavor is very strong and captivating -- like a lemon with the tartness strength of a cranberry. Within days of incorporating golden berries into my diet I have noticed my insides are thanking me. Golden berries are naturally very anti-inflammatory. They have an addicting flavor that I will gladly continue to feed into.
Imagine if you made a craisin out of a berry that tasted like a lemon instead of cranberry. These are very tart, which I love. I eat whole lemons so tart is fine by me. These are not super sweet either, which is refreshing.
Both my boys have autism and are on strict GFCF diets.  The foods by ENER G are very good.  These cookies, although rather crumbly, are delicious!<br /><br />My youngest son calls them 'white cookies'.  I am a VERY picky eater - but do enjoy eating a white cookie with him!  You should try them with some chocolate melted on them...oooh divine :)
These cookies are delicious. My grandaughter ate a whole package the first time she tried them. She has several food allergies and finding a delicious sweet treat is almost impossible. I will be reordering soon because she has gone through the whole box already and has requested more. I am so thankful to have found this product.
Slightly crumbly, but overall a very good cookie.  In my opinion very similar to Chips Ahoy but more airy, less dense.
Like a lot of gluten free foods there is a tendancy to crumble, but these arrived in very good condition.  The vanilla flavoring stands out.  Very good for light snacking or dessert.
son is gluten free, but not fun and tasty free, so these are great!!! I put<br />his icecream on these for a COOL snack.  Taste good to him too just plain.
My husband eats GF, and I don't, and its so hard to find him goodies, and hes always tempted to eat mine. Now he has some thing I'm tempted to eat, I thought they were ok cold but if heated up they really taste yummy.
I am addicted to these cookies.  They taste much better than the regular ones.  The only draw back is, that they should be available in smaller packages - to avoid binge eating.
My son would rather have no cookie than one of these cookies. The taste is okay. The texture is hard and weird even when microwaved. Short shelf life if you are buying in bulk. Not absolutely terrible but worse than average. Try Pamela's chocolate chip cookies they are wonderful, or try a baking mix.
I read the nine reviews that preceded me and wondered how a product depending on a person's taste could consistently receive five stars.  Is something suspicious here?<br /><br />Nope!  Here's the tenth five-star rating in a row, and I'm tough.  This is the best sauce of its kind (or any kind) I've ever had; and I'm an old guy who's been around.  Just the right sweetness, just the right hotness.  I'd love to soak a chicken in it, as well as dip egg rolls and chicken nuggets.<br /><br />These big bottles won't last and I'll be back for more, fer shure.  Absolutely more than worth worth the little price, this stuff should be standard in every home, along with plumbing.<br /><br />And my sincere apologies to those other reviewers for doubting you.
This stuff is good. My mom gave me a bottle to go with some eggrolls and we were hooked upon first dip. The perfect blend between sweet and spicy, this stuff is so yummy that even people who claim to dislike "spicy" or "Asian" or any other kind of exotic fare find it delicious!
This goes down in my Self Proclaimed Condiment Queen Nation as a "keeper" I saw it in the asian market i go to for 2.50, a huge bottle, i looked at the ingredients, no preservatives or added colors, good, good, said it went with everything, also good, got it home and WOW, its amazing! Garlic, Hot, Sweet, I am a dippin fool now.
And I don't mean just for Asian sauces.  This is easily the best sauce ever!  I put it on everything.  It's gotten out of hand.  I go out of my way to see what else I can have it with.  My latest thing is pouring some over peanuts and coating the peanuts with the sauce.  Then I eat the nuts with a spoon to keep my hands clean.  Sounds gross but it's so delicious.
I use this in my banquet kitchen for so many dishes.  It is a perfect blend of sweet and a pinch of heat.  If you toss chicken wings in it, you will have some great bar food in your own home!  Another idea: combine Sweet Chili sauce, heavy mayonnaise, granulated garlic, finely chopped parsely, ginger powder, and splash of siracha - this will give you a delicious sweet chili aoli perfect for burgers, sandwiches, egrolls, potstickers, fries, fish, or even chicken.  Like I said - it is good by itself, but serves as a great base for other things (from salad dressing to marinade).  Buy this sauce in bulk as you will find youself using it on everything!
I love this sauce. Sweet but hot too. I use it on checken wings instead of buffalo sauce and with pan seared scallops, shrimp. It's very versitile and delicious!
This sauce is good, but for my tastes it isn't hot enough.  I have had other brands tht have a sleeper heat that makes the sauce multi layered.  This sauce seems to ahve one layer.
Once in a while you just want a spicy different flavor. Sometimes when I have a lightly seasoned or plain piece of beef or chicken, I put some Sweet Chili Sauce on my rice. Wow that perks up the whole plate. Other times I cook the meat without seasoning and add what every flavor I'm in the mood for when I reheat it. I've kept open bottles in my refrigerator for months without any problem.<br /><br />If you have never tried this, the sauce is thicker than Heinz Ketchup so you can slowly add sweetness and heat until its just right for you. Another way to use this is on steamed vegetables and you can add peanuts or sliced almonds just before serving.
The sauce was just fine. However, I can't resist flagging a particular piece of idiocy, in the hope that someone might be able to convince Amazon next time. The sauce comes in a pack of 2, but one bottle was broken. Yep, you guessed it, Amazon sent me a new pack of two, and asked me to return the unbroken original. It's only cost me a little time, but how much it's going to cost Amazon to ship and process that returned bottle, your guess is as good as mine. Is it REALLY beyond the bounds of possibility for someone to have split a pack and just sent me the one replacement bottle?
A really great Sauce but is slightly more expensive than in other stores. It is great for egg rolls or a dipping sauce for many chinese foods! It is also a great sauce to make Chili Thai sushi roll.
I've been using this sauce for over 9 years now. It's amazing. I use it on everything from spring rolls to salads.
I made crab rangoon and used this sauce as a dipping sauce.  It was great.  I love the fact that it doesn't have MSG in it.  It has the right amount of sweetness.  It is a little spicy, but just the right amount.
I use this in and on meats, fish, poultry, vegies, all purpose dip et al. It's cheap and very very special. I gave big bottles to family/friends at Xmas years ago and they are all  hooked. You won't be sorry you brought this sauce into your kitchen.
Here's a tiny consolation: easy Thai barbecued chicken! Cut your usual fryer in quarters, cook it slowly over charcoal or quickly in a hot oven, and then brush it generously with "sweet chili sauce" and cook it just a few minutes more. Most authentic with 'sticky' rice but also delicious with brown or red rice.<br /><br />In Thailand, people squat over hibachi-sized braziers on the sidewalks and sell portion of this sort of barbecued chicken. Sometimes they trot alongside inter-city buses as they pull into stations, and sell chicken through the windows. Don't be squeamish! This is a treat you'll remember. The same sauce will enhance the flavor of any fowl from blackbird to condor or whooping crane.
This sauce is very good on anything you cook or grill or you can use it as a dip for veggies etc.  It has just enough heat to make everything taste better.
This is one of my favorite sauces to have handy. With this order you get two giant bottles which should last a while. The taste of this is perfect! Not for the faint of heart however...
My whole family loves this sauce. I use it primarily to recreate a dish we had in Maui. It adds a wonderful sweet and spicy flavor to just about any sauce. Service on this order was spectacular. Several bottles arrived broken and replacements were received within days. Amazon service was fast, easy and reliable. I love Amazon. Also, there are many recipes that you can look up using this sauce that a very good. It goes spectaculary with coconut milk, vegetables, chicken or shrimp and pasta. We love it.
I purchased this sauce as it is the exact same sauce used at the hot sauce bar of Tijuana Flats (http://www.tijuanaflats.com/).  It goes amazing with steak tostadas but in my home cooking, it works wells as a marinade and as a condiment.
I was introduced to this sauce by a good friend of mine from Cambodia, who runs a Thai restaurant and bar.  I wondered what sauce was used in their ramikens when they served their delicious crispy spring rolls.  Their actual sauce was handmade, but I was directed to try this brand.  Since then, (about 5 yrs ago) my mother, friends, and I have all used this sauce on fried chicken wings, grilled and sauteed chicken, pork, spring/egg rolls, and even sushi!  I keep the large 25 oz bottle in my fridge year-round, and this is the best brand I've used thus far.  Not too hot for those not accustomed to very spicy foods, but is mostly sweet.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!! :o)
as mentioned...give this a try!  instant party food, frozen meatballs and this sauce... great on chicken, you name it...anything party/snack/happy hour food that you put sauce on would work with this.<br /><br />however the prices from some of the vendors OBSCENE.  $19 for 2 25oz bottles??  This stuff is $1.50-1.75 for the 10oz bottle at any asian grocery....
What I like most about this product is its unique taste. Just enough spiciness and sweetness to make it different but it goes with virtually anything. I haven't tried cooking with it but I can imagine it would add a lot to stews, soups, etc. It keeps well - the last bottle I had got lost in my pantry and was several years old when I found it and it still tasted great. It belongs along with the A1, Heinz 57, Worcestershire Sauce, Catsup, etc as a condiment staple.
I had brought this as a dipping sauce for dumplings and egg rolls I made at home. It taste's great and I think it the same sauce I get at some Thai places cause it tastes the exact same.
This is delicious.  It makes a gourmet cook out of a novice.  Put it on chicken, pork, steak...it is ca c'est bon.  I wish I could say it in Chinese.  We love it. We purchase it on Amazon Prime.  Saves a trip to the market. Makes a wonderful hostess gift.
The best sauce on the market.  We use it on almost any food product but it is especially good on veggies.
We cook a lot of Chinese dishes in our household and this sweet chili sauce is a MUST HAVE!  One of our favorites is sesame chicken, but we couldn't seem to get the flavor just right... that is, until we added this... YUM!!
I love asian flavor w/o the extreme heat.  I had this sauce w/ some wings at Mellow Mushroom in Knoxville, TN.  I immediately asked the bartender if he could find out the brand of the sauce for me because it was perfect.  Amazing flavor!!!
This is the best Sweet Chili sauce I have found anywhere. Some say its to sweet but hey, it's a Sweet Chili sauce and its supposed to be sweet. It has a rich full flavor that everyone in my family likes. Even my wife who can't stand anything anyone would consider hot just loves this sauce. I'm a pepper head myself. If you're like me and like a little more kick try adding some Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce to this and you will learn to love it too.
This is without doubt the finest sweet chilli [sic] sauce in the world.  I use it with hot or cold dishes, including chicken, venison or roast beasts.  It is superb seasoning for a plain rice, quinoa, bulghour or cous-cous.  Sweet, hot and authentic.  I buy 2 of the larger bottles at a time, refrigerate the open one and save the back-up as insurance.  Could not run my varied menus without this great red elixir!
there where plenty of times we had to eat out...but...then came mae ploy sweet chili sauce...now we can eat in whih the same flavor, exciting taste as being at one of the favorite restaurants!!!
This sauce is something of a permanent staple on our table!! Just about everything gets a dash or two, or three!
not truly spicy my 2 year old loves this stuff!<br />great on chicken, even chicken nuggets, for spring rolls- the crispy ones and even fries.<br />it's sweet and spicy all in one so very good
I go to my mothers home one day she cooked fried chicken and rice. I taste the chicken, it is good! That was the day I was introduced to Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce. This sauce is Excellent being sweet and mild hot, will not burn your mouth or give heart burn. I will continue to purchase this product chicken, fish, and other foods are more tasteful. Try it because it is Good!
I use this stuff on pretty much everything. Turkey sandwiches, homemade sushi, scrambled eggs, chicken nuggets, and more. So perfect. Not too spicy, not too sour. Not too expensive either. Love it.
I first tasted this sauce when I was visiting in Alaska.  It was served with fish tacos, and was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  I couldn't find it locally, so I ordered it from Amazon.  It's available for a reasonable price, and is wonderful with fish, pork and chicken.  I haven't tried it on beef, but not sure if it would be good or not.  It's also terrific on vegetables.  I highly recommend this product!
Sooo good, I followed some advice and thought outside of the conventional box. Sliced up some cabbage and onion and sprinkled some Mae Ploy chili sauce on it with some Lime juice too, made a nice salad with a kick! also very good with cilantro and daikon.
If you have ever wondered what that delicious dipping sauce for the crab wontons are at pei wei, or the amazing sauce on Chang's chicken is, this is it!<br /><br />I love this stuff.  I discovered it while at a pei wei someone had left a bottle of this laying out and I quick snapped a picture, took it to amazon and found it. It is great on pretty much everything, as previous users say.  I was also in a Thai restaurant the other night and they used the same sauce on an amazing salad.  Try this on a do it yourself salad consisting of sliced mangos, lettuce, onions, and red peppers.  Drench those ingredients in this stuff and everyone will think your a master chef.
This is the BEST!<br />Years ago, I used it & loved it! Moved & could not find it again. I have purchased many hot/sweet sauces over the years, trying to find this flavor. Recently, I found it again at World Market....now I'm addicted! Everyone has mentioned great ways to use it.<br />My favorite....I use it on my salads, along with a little fat-free dressing. Now, I eat tasty salads every day, (without the cheese!).<br /><br />Sodium is 200 mg per tablespoon....and the amount of added flavor is worth every mg!
This is a great multi-use sauce.  Great for using as a baste when grilling - fish, chicken, shrimp, pork, etc.
This sauce is an excellent blend of sweet and spicy.  I love it with eggrolls, rice, just about anything that needs an extra kick.  Give it a try!
Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce is the best. I use it instead of duck sauce. Check it out. Once you try it, you'll be hooked.
kids love the sauce on many things... great on rice, chicken, spicy & sweet.<br /><br />highly recommend.
Tried this sauce first at our favorite place to eat out.  Was very happy to be able to order some for our home cooking!  Great!  Spicy Hot and Sweet!
I love this stuff.  I put it over chicken and even steaks.  It's very sweet, and just a bit spicy.  Just a little goes a long way.
I did not purchase this product off of Amazon. I purchased the 12 oz. bottle at a local store, and I must say it's one of the most addicting sauces I have ever had! I'm a pretty picky eater, and a vegetarian at that, so sauces play a key role in making an average meal a great one. This sauce is ALMOST perfect. It's very sweet, and has a strong garlic taste at first. It isn't as thick as the Red Hot brand, which I didn't like much at all (thick, not as flavorful, way too chunky). This sauce would be appropriate for children who like a little kick for their chicken nuggets and what not. My son loves spicy food just like his mommy. Another plus is there are only 70 calories in 2 tablespoons, and that much sauce goes a long way. 1 gram of fiber, too! The only thing I have a hard time with, and this is just a personal issue, is the texture of the red chilli. They tastes great, but they have a very thin, clear "skin" that has this horrible crunchy texture on some of the pieces. Not all, just some. I get it stuck in my mouth and on my teeth and it hits a nerve that makes me feel a bit queasy. Still, I eat it anyway lol and will continue to do so because this is one of the best sauces I have EVER tasted! I would recommend anyone to try this sauce first, and then try others if you are not fully satisfied. This sauce is amazing. It was about $1.50 at the store for 12 oz. but if you like the easiness of ordering online or can't find it near you, know that I would pay Amazon's price for it any day! Buy this sauce. I don't care where or how, just buy it. You'll fall in love!
Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce is becoming a standard condiment on my dinner table. It has just the right blend of sweet and heat; Mae Ploy enhances the taste of all meat and fish foods. Catsup is almost a condiment of the past. Salsa and Mae Ploy are the answers!
I was excited to try this sauce based on the reviews, but it's nothing special. For my taste, it's way too sweet and not nearly spicy enough (even my kids agree). It reminds me of honey mixed with sweet pickle relish, so if that sounds good to you, go for it. But if you're more interested in something more spicy, hot and even a little sour, you might want to keep looking.
These are very large bottles. It is a good dipping sauce with a sweet/spicy flavor.
I was looking for a good sweet and sour sauce for chicken and based on the reviews, I took a chance.  Well, no one in the family likes this stuff- it tastes nothing like sweet and sour sauce- more like what it says it is- Chili Sauce.  Now I'm stuck with two huge bottles.  Sometimes reading the label is really all that matters.
I have been using this curry paste for several years now, and it makes a great dish. Although it doesn't beat eating Indian out, its the best paste I have used for at home dishes. Even though this is a "hot" paste, I would consider it mild.
Patak's sauces have many uses but I always make a basic chicken curry.  A friend from India taught this recipe to me, and now I always have a jar or two on hand.  If you want you can get one of the Indian pickles/relishes as a garnish.  This is easy but is a bit time consuming with all the dicing and sauteing.  Typically the recipe as written takes an hour or so from start to finish, and serves 3-4 adults.  I always make at least a double batch; it's just as easy and that way I have leftovers to freeze and everyone can have plenty to eat.  You can use any rice, but basmati is so fragrant that it is what I prefer.  Some Indian groceries have frozen Naan you can heat in the oven for an even more satisfying dinner.<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />1-1 ½ lbs chicken breast cut into 1-2" cubes<br />1 cup nonfat plain yogurt<br />Salt<br />3 tbs Patak's curry paste, flavor/heat depending on your taste<br /><br />1 (generous) tsp cumin seed<br />1 (generous) tsp mustard seed<br />1 small onion diced<br />3 cloves garlic diced<br />2 medium potatoes, diced same size as chicken cubes<br />2-3 carrots, diced same size as chicken cubes<br />1 14 oz can diced tomatoes with juice<br />½ cup frozen peas<br />2-3 tbsp cooking oil<br />Salt to taste<br /><br />1. Add chicken yogurt, curry paste and about ½ tsp salt to a bowl; mix thoroughly and let marinate while you prepare vegetables<br />2. Heat oil in large frying pan over medium heat until hot<br />3. Add cumin seeds and mustard seeds, stir.  They are ready when mustard seeds start to pop.  Do not let them burn.<br />4. Add onion and garlic.  Saute until soft.  Stir constantly or else it will burn.<br />5. Add carrots and potatoes.  Saute until potatoes are just about ready to eat.  You have to stir very frequently or they will stick/burn.  I do not let anything caramelize.<br />6. Add chicken/yogurt mixture.  Saute a few minutes until chicken is about half cooked through.  Lower heat to low.<br />7. Add tomatoes and let simmer until the juices cook down a bit, and chicken is cooked through.<br />8. Add peas for color.  Add salt to taste.<br />9. Serve over freshly cooked basmati rice.  Remember to soak the basmati rice prior to cooking or it will be hard.
Patak's makes the best curry around. I frequently use it in my Yellow Chicken Curry Dish which is a favorite with both my husband and seven year old.
I first drank this tea at Naniboujou Lodge on the North Shore of Minnesota, and bought a small packet up there. I was hooked, so after I had drunk the first bit I bought I wanted to get more of this tea ASAP. Was glad to see it for sale in such a high quantity here. I used to be a coffee drinker, but I much prefer tea -- specifically, Ashbys Afternoon Tea -- now, and I just gave away a bag of coffee I'll never drink. I never quite got why British people are so into tea, but -- whether this is a typical British tea or not, I don't know -- I now see why they'd build their afternoons around a high-quality tea like this one. Sublime.
The Gevalia Breakfast Blend is perhaps the best coffee I have ever purchased.  It is full-bodied, without being bitter.  It also is much cheaper to purchase through Amazon - with Free shipping for prime members.  Cant' beat it.
I've tried the other gevalia flavors and this is the only one i like (french vanilla stinks)> Its like your regular cup of coffee that goes with any flavred creamer
Have drunk this as my "standard brew" for years.  However, tastes change, and I'm beginning to sense that it's a little on the light side for my maturing tastes.  Nothing wrong with it - it's better than most restaurant coffees by a wide margin.
I was surprised to learn that Amazon sells Gevalia coffee, which led me to search Amazon for other household items at great prices. I wish all shopping could be this easy.<br /><br />Update: 12/24/11.  How can the price go from $15.00 to over $47.00. Yikes I guess no more Gevalia for me if that price is correct?
Stocking stuffer gift for family.  Love this brand & blend.  Full bodied, not too dark, not too weak.  Just right.  This has become a family favorite that everyone looks forward to receiving.
Everything that is stated in the information is exactly what I had recieved.  thank you
I purchased this coffee for my grandfather, an old vet and lifelong coffee drinker. He thoroughly enjoyed it and we were able to share many stories over a nice pot of Gevalia. I would definitely recommend this brand, especially this blend, to anyone that loves a good brew. Cheers!
Several Gevalia brand coffee's have been among my favorites for years....Velvet Noir, Signature Blend, Traditional Roast, etc.  The Breakfast Blend is my "go to" every day grind.  It's got a perfect blend of bold rich taste, terrific aroma, and full taste, with very low acidity and harshness.  Just incredible coffee!
I tried this coffee two years ago and found it much better then other brands of coffee I had had before. Since then I have been buying Gevalia coffee at Amazon. Amazon offers a good price, even lower than that on the Gevalia online store.
The breakfast blend has always been one of my personal favorites from Gevalia.  Gives whole new reason to getting up early on Saturday.  Plus, the Amazon price could not be beat!
I love Geliva coffee.Its not bitter like some of the brands and it set well on my stomach.I have too say its the best coffee I every had and I tried a lot of expensive brands as well as the lesser expensive this is mid price and I love it.I will continue to buy this frm Amazon every three months
Gevalia Kaffee is by FAR the best coffee on the market.<br />Especially the Coastarican peaberry and the Peruvian organic.
Gevalia is the best coffee there is - always mellow, never bitter. I'd never drink any other brand.
I went to check out and found out that the freight is $14.00 on an $11.00 (canned, not fresh produce)??!!  RIDICULOUS!!
I received a box of this for Christmas. It is really good. Not overly strong like most black licorice. It is indeed soft and it has a very simple ingredient list with NO High Fructose Corn Syrup like most candy:<br />Molasses<br />Wheat Flour<br />Licorice Extract<br />Natural Flavor (Aniseed Oil)
This is the best licorice ever!  Or at least the best I've ever had or can conceive of.  The only problem is that now that my 12-pack is gone, it's hard to concentrate on my work as I go through Panda withdrawal and cannot think of anything but Panda.
This is real licorice. It is soft, has great taste, and is very healthy! Love it.
I have been eating Panda Licorice for a number of years and it is hard for someone who loves licorice to eat any other brand.  This is all natural (which is what makes it taste great) from the licorice root.  Fresh always because of the unique packaging and the most flavorful.
THESE CHEWS ARE TASTY AND CHEWY. THE PRICE IS EXCELLENT FOR WHAT YOU GET. WE HAVE PLENTY AROUND FOR OURSELVES AND TO SHARE WITH FAMILY. GREAT TREAT FOR LITTLE KIDS.<br />PLUS THEY ARE GOOD FOR YOU WITH NO ADDED JUNK. JUST LICORICE.<br />GREAT BUY, GREAT TASTE.
This is what black licorice should taste like!  No artificial off-flavor.  No nasty artificial black dye to coat your tongue and teeth.  Wonderfully soft and chewy.  I took a box into work and everyone agreed that it was the best black licorice that they had ever tasted.
My daughter and I were looking for some real licorice and after reading several reviews about different brands of licorice we ordered the Panda licorice. We are very happy with Panda and will order again soon.
This is the best licorice in the USA. If you have a craving for something sweet, this is it. And so good for you. I Love it and the price is very reasonable. i will continue to order this product. It is always fresh.
this black licorice has great flavor and texture. Some are too soft and too sweet for me. Personal preference I'm sure, but I like this because it's slightly firm (not hard but not soft) and the sweetness is just right. Love that it's only 4 ingredients: molasses, wheat flour, licorice extract and aniseed oil. Price is good too. Compares to Tire Tread Licorice which is my first choice but I can't find it.
Just received these boxes rather than buying the bar type that I did before.EXCELLENT! They are small bite size pieces that are soft and flavorful. Really fresh. I did the subscribe and save and am happy that I did. My husband and I really enjoy this brand. The boxes are larger than I realized, But I still will carry this item in my purse for a pick me up and to have a handy snack available with me. The boxes have a open and close tab with a plastic seal over the product once you open the box. I can't find one bad thing to say. No dissapointments at all.
I, myself, do not care for licorice but my husband thinks this is the best licorice he has ever had and he loves the stuff.  I have also given it to two friends who are licorice lovers and they say it is delicious.
Panda All Natural Soft Licorice is a great snack for family movie time.<br />We consume it like it was water. It's the best snack next to popcorn.
This all natural licorice is very good -- I highly recommend it.  I bought this as I a read natural licorice is good for an upset stomach.
This is by far my favorite black licorice - and the list of ingred. could not possibly be shorter or better!  Now if I could learn how to NOT eat the whole box in one sitting...
If you deal with diabetes or hypoglycemia, please use real licorice products with care.  I ate some of this yesterdy (it was delicious!) and had to skip both my dinner insukin shots.  I also woke in the night with a reading of 66-too low for comfort!  So, if you have insulin resistance, please be aware that true licorice candies or extract may have an affect on your body.  BTW, I am buying more today to use medically.  (I just won't eat so much in one day) What a lovely way to get out of getting shots! :>)
Quality and delicious licorice! And this is the best price/oz I could find for quality licorice anywhere. Highly recommended, if you're into buying $30 worth of candy. (You can subscribe for the lower price and then unsubscribe no problem)
love it. eating it has got to be a ritual. taste is well balanced, nice and chewy without being overly sticky, leave a great lingering aftertaste.<br /><br />compared to gimbal's scottish dogs, these taste and feel more traditional, and much healthier too, given that only four ingredients go into them.<br /><br />out in the midwest, ann abor to be specific, i found these in the candy aisle for around $2.80 per resealable bag of 170g.
I got the licorice at a cheese shop in New York and by the time I got home it was all gone. So got on the computer and found and bought some. That's how much I liked it. I have not done the before and do not regret buying it. Yummmmmm.
If you liked licorice as a child, this is a dream come true.  It is soft, and the taste rolls off the back of your tongue---but you can't eat just one (box).
I love this licorice and as someone with a lot of food allergies, I appreciate that it only has four ingredients.
The Panda black licorice is an excellent product.  The raspberry flavor tastes mostly like molasses.  This is fine if you value an all natural product, but it is not what I expected.  The two flavors that I bought have all been consumed so they tasted good.
Some licorice products leave the teeth with a black film but not so with the Panda soft licorice chews.  It is a delicious licorice product that improves with age, in my opinion.  The candy from a freshly opened box is very soft and tends to stick in the teeth more than candy from a box which has been opened and closed for several days because it hardens as air circulates around the candy.  If I place it in an airtight container, it remains soft, but I really love it as the texture changes.  The flavor is consistently delicious and it is now my licorice of choice.  I was expecting the box to contain a plastic bag but it simply has a plastic seal along the top of the box with nothing inside to seal.  Therefore, if you want your licorice to remain fresh, I'd recommend placing it in an airtight container.  I've also purchased the raspberry flavor but haven't tried that yet.  I have a hard time considering fruit flavored candies as "licorice," but enjoy the confection also.
I've always liked licorice candy and the best licorice I've ever had was obtained at Ikea. It was from Sweden. Yum! In any case, I've mentioned this around and then a box of Panda Soft Licorice appeared in my Christmas stocking.<br /><br />The Panda licorice is good. Real good. Excellent flavor. Nice and chewy. Good aftertaste. I'd rank it with the best I've had. It's imported from Finland and is made from all natural ingredients. In my opinion, it doesn't quite make it up to the licorice I obtain at Ikea, but it's close.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
This is by far my favorite licorice....to the point I have a case delivered on a regular monthly basis......an option offered by Amazon......a VERY convenient service......
this product comes from finland and is an all natural product that is always fresh and I have never tasted better licorice in my life.  This product arrived fast in a protective box and the price is great.  I will purchase another case now.
Nothing but good feedback from everyone. A very good classic tasting licorice product. We buy it on subscription and save shipping and a little money.
I first saw this product, Panda Licorice, at the Memphis, TN zoo at the Panda exhibit.  I thought it was just a promotion for the zoo. I bought some. It was the really good old-fashion black Licorice I used to get when I was a kid. Not the chalky no taste stuff most is today. While at the Norway part of Epcot at Disney FL this year I found the same thing. Then I realized it is a company brand name made in Finland not a zoo promotion. I bought some more. It cost $5 per 7 oz box. When I got home I checked several websites and Amazon was the cheapest. Pack of 12 boxes total cost shipped to me(there was a free shipping deal) Came to $2.50 per 7 oz box. It is totally delicious. When this is gone I will surly order more.
I love these licorice.  Get licorice flavor--not just sugar with some flavor.  Very satisfying.
I sent the Panda licorice to my brother-in-law who really knows his licorice.  He usually buys it by mail specially from one company.  His comment was "delicious".
This licorice is great.  It taste like the old fashion rope licorice. I will continue to buy it.
I have been enjoying this product for some time.  I buy it at Wegmans grocery store, I believe the cost is under $4.00 a box.  If you like black licorice you will love this product.
Panda licorice is great. It is always received fresh and is much better tasting than the Red Vines or Twizzler brands.  I highly recommend a standing order (approximately every 3 months) which reduces the overall price per box.<br />  Amazon is a very reliable and communicative mail order company. ALOHA!
For those of you who like/love black licorice, I seriously recommend this product.  i eat it because I love black licorice, and only recently found that what I have observed is now reported by nuitionists as well.  These is evidence that black licorice is an aid to those with constipation.  It comes in other flavors too, but the medicinal effects only come the black.
I am a fan of black licorice.  PANDA black licorice is simply the best black licorice that I have ever eaten!  Well done PANDA!
Panda has good flavor but the texture and shape is not the best. It does not have enough chew and I find it a bit dry.<br /><br /> I much prefer RJ's with it's big solid tubes and excellent natural licorice flavor and satisfying, just right chew without being gummy.
Not the best I've ever had, but good. The best I've had was expensive and from an English company (I can't remember the name). But this is better than the movie kind. They're not quite as moist and rich as the best ones I've tried.
I've found a new licorice,,this one is ok.,But I really don't need the extra sodium in my body....
Wimpy coffee drinkers beware, this is not the bean for you.<br />If you like strong, bold flavor, you have found it in Larry's.  What a great coffee,<br />Starbucks move over, Larry is in first place!!
i'm not much of a candy eater but these suckers are fantastic. sweet and long lasting. my whole family is addicted to this great treat
The first can that I got of this wonderful oil was packed in a poor way: an old, reused box with not enough padding.  When I complained the company was quick to respond - with an apology and a new can packed well for the mail.  I was impressed with their responsiveness.  The Merula oil itself was excellent - a great treat.
My review is of the Strawberry-Melon flavor only. I did not try the other flavors in the variety pack as I puchased mine individually.<br /><br />I don't usually drink these types of beverages, nor do I drink much soda. I generally dislike overly sweet, artificial ingredient laden stuff. Quite by chance I tried a Strawberry Melon FUZE slenderize beverage and really liked it.<br /><br />What I liked most was the pleasing flavor and the absence of sugar, although it does have sucralose as a sweetener (rather than aspartame). It was not overly sweetened and the blend of strawberry and melon flavor was for me perfectly balanced; I could clearly distinguish both flavors.  FUZE was really tasty, no strong aftertaste and no sugar "heaviness" in the mouth. It was honestly the first time I've had this type of beverage other than a Snapple Tea beverage that I would purchase again.<br /><br />I'm a little skeptical of the benefits of the micro-nutrients that are added to this beverage; L-Carnitine, Super Citrimax and Chromium. Perhaps it's a bit more marketing hype rather than beneficial. Nonetheless, I found this beverage to be refreshing, tasty and something I would buy again.<br /><br />It is a little bit pricey though. Compared to a 12-pack of store brand Diet Soda, which in my neck of the woods ia around $2.99 or a little over $.02/ounce, FUZE beverage is priced $24.99 for 15-18.5 ounce bottles, or a little over $.09/ounce. That makes it more than 4 times as expensive as the store brand diet sodas.<br /><br />In spite of the price, I would buy this again and would justify the price by considering this more of a treat rather than a water substitute.<br /><br />5 stars.
I don't drink a lot of sugary drinks and soft drinks.  I try to watch sugar intake and dislike overly sweet drinks.  By chance, I tried one of the Slenderize drinks and was amazed.  The drink is truly lightly sweet, using natural fruit juices, acesulfame-potassium, and sucralose as sweeteners.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who would like a soft drink replacement that still isn't as sweet as a typical "diet" drink.
I have been looking for a nice strong rose tea, and this is the one!  I've tried a number of brands, but they weren't "rosy" enough for me.  This is an excellent tea with a strong rose flavor.  No bitterness - nice and smooth.  I highly recommend this tea!
the aroma is amazing, like a walk in my rose garden, minus the bees...but add a little honey in the tea and there you are. Beautiful. Taste is smooth, full, delicious.
I visited a winery/vineyard in Tuscany where they sold Leonardi Balsamico vinegar as well as all the wines.  The flavor of this balsamic is so difficult to describe but it is smooth! I was used to grocery store balsamic vinegar and some "specialty" store balsamic vinegars.  It's like comparing skim milk (yuk) to cream - which would you rather put in your gourmet dishes?
There are two types of larger suckers sold on Amazon, I got the tropical ones this time. Just as good as the regular kind. These ones have a mixture of sour and sweeter parts. Well worth the money.
These Mega lollies are the best i eat 10 a day so they go quickly, i'm not going to tell you how many ive bought since Jan. 1 this year. They are great i love them.
I am addicted to this candy. Will try not to order another batch for awhile!!! This is my candy to eat on the ride home from work in traffic to keep me calm.
The Melitta Java Pods Have a slightly smaller circumference than the Senseo pods and are thicker. If you are using a Senseo coffee machine, you probably should moisten the Java pod and smooth it before attempting to latch the lid. Otherwise, you risk breaking the latching mechanism. The resulting decaf coffee is not bad and seems to this reviewer to have a richer taste than the Senseo decaf pods. The Melitta Java pods are not really designed for the Senseo machine and several other brands such as Halo, Fratello and Millstone work better in the Senseo machine.
Although this coffee tastes fine there is nowhere enough coffee in the pod.  The cup that is brewed even with a smaller amount of water is weak and watery.
The Parisian Cafe blend is wonderful but it is too thick to fit correctly in the Senseo machine.  The box advertises universal fit but it is not.
Coffee has a great flavor and is not too acidic. Fits perfectly in out "Juan Valdez" pod maker that was purchased at Target several years ago! So hard to find these so was glad to find them on Amazon!
Smooth coffee, but a bit to big for senseo, interestingly all the other Melitta One pod flavors fit just fine in senseo, my fav are french kisses and vanilla haze.
My husband didn't care for this coffee at all.  He complained it lacked flavor and aroma.
We love Melitta coffee pods.  Makes a perfect cup of coffee every time. The coffee is always delicious, even the decaf blend!  If you have a coffee pod machine, try all of their blends...they're great!
I love coffee and at night really miss out if I don't have the decaff.
This decaf pod has wonderful flavor.  It is much better than their previous decaf "Skip the Buzz".  I'm glad they upgraded their product.
I had bought a Black and Decker one-cup coffee maker that used these pods.  It didn't work properly, but I have managed to use the pods with my old, stand-by coffee maker and am please with the flavor and convenience.  Someone had commented about a problem with some of the pods being sealed in the outer packaging.  I have not encountered that problem.  Overall, I am pleased with this purchase.
Some issues with the product -- some of the pods are not sealed properly so the grounds spill out (either before use or after use into your coffee); it is wasteful that each pod is individually sealed -- would rather they be packaged like the Senseo pods; the pods don't really fit my Senseo coffee maker -- too fat for the single and too small for the double which causes problems sometimes when I brew a cup.  On the plus side -- price.
Melitta pods are full flavored; however, they do not fit my senseo coffee machine.  One pod in a two pod holder is too small and two pods are too large.  Sure do wish senseo was still readily available in the super markets!
My mom has the Hamilton Beach single cup coffee maker and was using Senseo pods in it. They were too strong / bitter for her and I was searching for something else.  Found these and Wolfgang Puck's and decided to get both for her.  These Melitta Breakfast Blend pods are her favorite! She says they have a smooth taste and great flavor. Granted, neither of us would ever be mistaken for a coffee judge by anyone (I don't even drink coffee so my opinion means nothing), but she really likes these and is happy to have them.
To make a decent cup of coffee I have to use two pods at a time. I prefer a strong cup of coffee even if it IS decaf.<br />What happened to Senseo decaf?
this was delicious coffee for a great price which i could not find at any store in my area or areas nearby
Enjoying my Java Pods very much. Easy and fast. Medium strong to wake me up. I get positive comments on the convenience of making coffee.
This coffee .<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001M0508Y">Melitta One:One Java Pods,Breakfast Blend Coffee, 18-Count Pods (Pack of 4)</a> is terrible. Cheap beans, bad roast, whatever, my lot actually tastes like it is moldy. Maybe I just got a bad batch. I have tried the Buzzworthy dark roast Melitta Pods and they are drinkable, even though I prefer medium roast coffees. Suggest you try one box of these, not the 4 box lot I'm stuck with. Also, to help you evaluate this response better, you should know that I like quality roast Kenya AA or Sumatra or Columbian Supremo, etc. rich flavor type coffees. I don't like Folgers, Maxwell House, pedestrian type blends, but even those are way better than this coffee.
Melitta Pods are an inexpensive alternative to k-cups  that also save in the amount of material you have to throw away. Buyer Beware: Pods vary GREATLY in the amount of coffee they have in them. These allow for a good size cup of coffee.
I have a Melitta One:One machine and have been using Juan Valdez pods in it.  When I ran out I searched for pods for it & only came up with these Melitta-brand ones. I figured (incorrectly) that the others weren't available & purchased these. VERY disappointing.  My coffee had been nice, strong & tasty, but coffee made with these is weak & tasteless.  I bought a 4-box package of three different types & am now stuck with them. Forget these & head to Juan Valdez (same price range) unless you like weak coffee.
I've been using these for a couple of years now. I highly recommend these if you only need 1 cup of coffee.
This is one of the best decaf coffee's I have ever had.  I was ordering this product from another website but found that Amazon's subscribe and safe plan is the most economical.  Great Product.
A decent, clean, and simple cup of morning decaf. I find pre-wetting the pod helps extract a little extra flavor.
Parisian Cafe' was not may favorite blend for breakfast coffee.  I prefer others of the Melitta brand.
Though London Fruit and Herb Company's Blueberry Bliss tea is one of the best teas I have ever had I cannot understand why Amazon has not begun shipping it out to customers who ordered this item months ago! It IS now available through other Vendors (i.e. Wendell Tea Company in MA) but not at the Amazon price.  If is's available to them it should be available to Amazon or they should take it off their inventory as an offering.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004A85G52">London Fruit & Herb Company Blueberry Bliss Tea, 20-Count (Pack of 6)</a>
I love peppermint, but find hard candy just too strong.  These melt in your mouth and aren't overwhelming and don't leave an aftertaste.
I can get it at Walmart for $1.78 each or the gas station for $3.50 for 2. Why, just why?
We bought this to use with recipes for our Tagine.  This is an amazing spice and at an excellent price! Will buy from again
Ras el Hanout is a versatile Moroccan spice blend that can be used for marinading meats (with a little oil and vinegar, maybe some crushed garlic), making stews, or just mixed with olive oil (and maybe a little crushed garlic) for dipping bread.  You can find many recipes that use it with a google term like "ras el hanout lamb recipe".  Note that it is sometimes spelled "ras el hanoud", so you can find even more using that.<br /><br />I first found this at the famous (and expensive) spice market in Istanbul.  This blend from Angelina's is nearly as good.  Note that there is no one recipe for this spice blend, and there are many private recipes with a good deal of variation.
I love the taste of this ras el hanout in my rice cooker for brown rice and quinoa. It makes the meal so much more special. Large size too that will last awhile.
This is a nice, complex spice blend that makes Moroccan food, but it can also very easily be used to give body to a quick "I don't know what to fix for supper" kind of dish.  It's a great emergency item to have in the cupboard!
This spice can be tricky to get good quality and this one arrived quick and the flavors are spot on, use it to marinate fish or chicken then grill it, love it!
Not sure it should be legal. We put this --and a few other spices I won't share here--on some lamb chops and just fried them. They were AMAZING. This spice tastes pretty hot by itself, which makes it a bit hard to figure out how a blend with it and other spices is going to turn out. The end result, strangely, was not hot at all. Since I like spicy, I would usually have been disappointed, but this was so good, I did not even CARE. Seriously--you have to try this. I ordered two other spices at the same time, neither of which will be getting a GOOD review.
Cannot consider ourselves experts on North African or Middle Eastern cuisine, or having enough experience with Ras El Hanout to say the aroma and taste is better than competitors.  But the product was extremely fresh and of exquisite smell and taste so am very pleased with the purchase.  Will buy more when the time comes.
I love these noodles.  They are really great for a midnight snack.  It's not really something that will fill you up for a dinner.  If you do eat it for dinner, you will be hungry later.  Maybe some people wouldn't!!!!  But, it just doesn't stick to my ribs.  I love them though and Amazon has a really good price.
This soup cooks up quickly and is very yummy! I really like the flavor of the seasoning packet and the way the noodles cook up, nice texture. It is very satisfying to me. I'm a single gal who doesn't really cook & am often in a hurry for my next meal, and I find that this soup really hits the spot. Although it does tend to be more of a mid-afternoon snack/light lunch item for me. It will tide you over for a while until your next big meal, but i have to agree with the other reviewer that if you try to have just one of these for dinner you can expect to be hungry in a few hours.<br /><br />Personally I LOOOVE this soup that much more because I had to give up the ramen cup o' noodle and some other brands i had been eating because I developed an allergy to shellfish and mollusks.  It seems that often these instant noodle packets/bowls either have some type of seafood in the sauce or they are manufactured on equipment that also processes shellfish. This one does not contain any type of seafood like many of the other instant noodles do. Another plus for me is that it's not spicy. I'm kind of a wimp with spicy foods, plus i have GERD/reflux, so believe me if i can eat it is NOT spicy. Just tasty :)<br /><br />One thing that bugs me a little is that i feel guilty about the packaging since the plastic bowl is not recyclable (in my town they only take 1's and 2's which of course these microwave safe bowls are never made out of.) Oh well, can't have it all....
I'm flabbergasted by the glowing reviews that "truffle oil" is receiving on Amazon! Those of you espousing a desire to drizzle this stuff on your food might be sorely disappointed to learn that the truffle flavor in those tiny $17 bottles of "truffle oil" are made in a laboratory. There's not a molecule of actual truffle in them. It's a sinful shame that's perpetuated despite being outed a few years ago in an enlightening New York Times article called "Hocus-Pocus, and a Beaker of Truffles." Read it and weep: [...]<br /><br />And if you see "truffle oil" advertised on the menu somewhere, you might ask if they're using any other artificial flavorings in their dishes...
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GEVGXA">Goccia Black Truffle Oil from Italy</a><br />i highly recommend this product, for the price, the qaulity is exceptional.  It brings on a strong 'sense of euphoria'
This black truffle oil from Italy is fabulous.  It's strong and subtle at the same time.  It's the best deal for exceptional flavor.
I've never had Sunchy Malta before (I drank a lot of Goya when it was available locally). Tastes similar to Goya, though with less of a sour taste and slightly less carbonation.<br /><br />I ordered 50 bottles in order to get free shipping. Said bottles arrived in 4 large boxes, with each bottle individually packed. None broke. At the time of purchase, this was the best deal going for Malta either locally or in stores (I've never paid less than fifty cents anywhere).<br /><br />Now, though, the free shipping is gone. Unless  Sunchy seriously expects me to drop $7.50 for shipping per bottle, it's unlikely I'll be buying anymore. They should consider selling by the pack or case if they wish to pursue the online business model.<br /><br />So, 5 stars for value and the quality of packing, with the caveat that I won't be buying any more until Sunchy figures out how to sell it.
After reading that corn (and of course pop corn) was heavily sprayed with pesticides and agriculture uses lots of chemicals in the soil to grow it, I decided enough was enough. It was time to spend a little more and get organic. Supplier shipped quickly. Eden Foods puts out a great product. (Edenfoods.com). Certified organic and pops up nicely. I use a brown lunch bag (top folded down) with 2 TB of corn and 45 sec. in the microwave. (Your microwave time may vary). Voila! perfection. Add some splenda/cinnamon/cocoa powder mixture and yum yum. (mixture sticks really well if you spray popcorn with a little cooking spray) Only 80 calories for 2 TB! No worries!
It's not real crispy, sticks to your teeth and lots of hulls.<br /><br />I know homemade popcorn has a few more kernel hulls than your store-bought microwave, but it's a little too much for me. I was really hopeful for this brand. But, it just didn't work out. I tried a couple of different methods; popped using different temperatures, and also tried different oils. It was the same both times with no improvement. It doesn't get better after it cools either..nothing worked to improve it.<br /><br />It doesn't taste old, so I know it's not that. I seal my popcorn kernels when I'm not using them as well. The flavor is really mild and it's definitely a good tasting popcorn. It just doesn't turn out the way it should.
It is very good popcorn.  But I used a hotair machine so may not have been as yummy as if the oily stuff had been used.  Although I did pour oil on afterwards.  Why would I do that with an airpopper you ask?  Because the airpopper was a gift.  I really can't tell a whole lot of difference in the taste from Orville R. and this, but what I have read is this is organic and much better for you.  But the price is well...pricey. No I don't intend to buy again for that reason, but should my conscience tweek me towards healthier choice popcorn again then I may change my mind.
This really is the only choice when it comes to soy and dairy free baking (unless you want to use lard).  The Spectrum shortening uses palm kernel oil and has the consistancy of regular Crisco (perhaps a little stiffer).  It seems to bake just fine and if you need to be soy and dairy free I highly recommend it.
We have used this for all types of baking, including cakes, biscuits, and cookies.  It works great and is every bit as good as crisco.  Buy Organic!
This makes the best tortillas.  That is about all I use this for, so it lasts me awhile.<br />Mine cost about 1/2 the price as listed here, but it was on sale where I bought it too.
The 500 Mile Chai is just wonderful - the right balance of mellowness and spiciness.  I've tried some chai's that are a bit too spicy, but this one is very well balanced.  Great with almond milk and bonus points for it being organic (in as much as one can trust the "organic" label...).<br /><br />Compare to Peet's chai, I like the 500 mile better, as IMO Peet's is a little too much on the spicy side (although I do still like Peet's and some may prefer that flavor profile).
A fabulous variety of hot sauces with a range of flavors and heat. I bought it for a gift for my brother so I ended up sampling, using them myself. Truly flavorful! And hot! I use it in my omelets. Burritos. Nachos. Beans.
If you're used to Dave's Insanity sauce, or like me you're used to Dave's Ultimate Insanity sauce, you're going to be really disappointed. 5 of the 6 sauces aren't spicy at all. They're probably at a spiciness level below Tobasco sauce. I tried really hard to like them but I just can't get over how watery and weak they are. The only saving grace of the package is that it comes with a bottle of regular Insanity sauce, but as I mentioned above, I prefer the Ultimate Insanity sauce. I guess I have plenty of salad dressings.
I bought this gift pack and really enjoyed it. The hottest hot sauce in the pack is so darn hot it had me burning for about 30 minutes and washing my mouth out with water for 10. Other than that one, all the others were really good. The wooden case doesn't hold the bottles well but the sauces were good. I would buy it again.
This is a cool kit for gifts, or a great price on a kit of Dave's Sauce if you use it at home.  A good variety.  My only issue is that the bottles do not hold in the wood gift box very well at all, they slide up and down until they fall out of the open spaces in the front or back of the wooden gift box.  I would buy again.
I am a casual sauce user and the taste of these sauces was just OK.  Nothing special...  The insanity hot sauce was fun to try though.  I probably would not purchase again since they are pretty darn expensive.
gave these as a gift to my brother. we are both fans of hot sauces so i thought i'd give this a try.  the wooden packaging looked nice and was sturdy enough that it could be used for storage/transport of the sauces.<br />my brother says that he liked the sauces, he would not share with me on chirstmas day so i never got a chance to try them.
This was a great selection of hot sauces, with a good variety of flavor. Each of the different bottles had a unique taste and each of them had a heat around the same as tabasco sauce. Oh, except for the Dave's Insanity. That will have you pleading for the sweet release of death.<br /><br />But the other sauces are very tasty, and very usable in everyday cooking. Recommended.
For the guy who love to saucethings up, here's the perfect gift and he will love the wooden crate packaging! Great idea and perfect gift :)
My son loved all the sauces.  The only sauce that was way too hot was the Insanity Sauce, use a teensy tiny bit when using.
I have been searching for hot sauces and peppers to compliment my cuisine and I finally found it. For those of you that don't like everything as Hot as the INSANITY SAUCE, their are others that are less intense in the grouping. For anyone wanting to use these sauces, READ the instructions on the bottles. Good job Dave!!!
Excellent Customer Service, Quick Ship, VERY well packed merchandise. My new supplier of all things HOT!.
Since I've had the Insanity Sauce before, I decided to buy my dad this Six Pack for his birthday.<br /><br />I tried all sauces but unfortunately I have to say that none of the other 5 sauces even come close to the heat of the Insanity Sauce, which is the main reason why I buy any hot sauce in the first place, to feel the heat!!<br /><br />For any heat lovers out there, if you were looking to buy this six pack, I recommend that you buy six Insanity Sauce bottles instead, you will be much happier if you do!!!
Since the factory burned down that made Firecracker brand pickled sausage I have had to get by with the individually packaged version which doesn't remotely taste like the kind I grew up with, not to mention they are half the size.  These are the best pickled sausages I've had since my last jar of Firecrackers a couple years ago.  I saw the crappy review and I had to show my support.  As a person who grew up on these things I definitely know what I'm talking about.  If you want burn your mouth out hot then look elsewhere but if you want the best tasting pickled sausage on the market currently look no further!
I have been searching for an acceptable alternative to the Penrose sausages for years and have eaten many mediocre and gross sausages. This is the best Penrose substitute that I have found.
Everyone who has tried this that I know absolutely loves it. There isn't a lot of heat, but for me that is fine. The flavor is spot on and reminds me of the old fire crackers (before they changed the recipe to dry sticks of meat probably made of orphan kids). I'll definitely will be buying this again. Only downfall is the stupid shipping costs...
These eggs are soo good i think im addicted they are so yummy and i cant eat just one i was very satisfied with this product and it was shipped to me so quick said it would take a week only took 3 DAYS!!! im very pleased and will always buy my goodies from this seller.
These are the best Beer Sausages I,ve come across in decades! They taste just like the old time sausages I used to get in bars when I was younger. If you wont take my word for it just ask 3 of my friends!!
Was exactly what I was looking for. Super fast shipping! A bit on the spicy side,but great taste!!!!<br />Would definately purchase them again!
I've been looking for a long time for a beer sausage that was hot to the taste that I use to enjoy back in the Deep South when I was a kid growing up. So far, I've not been able to find the sausage that rang my bell. These arrived quickly and they are tasty and I am glad that I did order these, however, they are not as good as the ones I use to eat when I was in my teens.<br /><br />I gave the product a 3 star rating because they were tasty, but not what I was expecting. I know many of you will enjoy these and you'll probably rate these as a 5 star item, but I must be honest to provide the best rating possible. The 3 stars were for the lack of qualilty in taste. They are not "hot" as one is led to believe. Hot makes you sweat, these do not.
These sausages have become difficult to find locally.  I was hesitant to purchase these online as they are in glass and are very heavy.  But when there is no other option...  So I ordered 3 jars and they arrived quickly and were extremely well packed.  Not everyone has a taste for the sausages so reviewing that is pointless.  But the company is great to do business with (and they do sell other foods).
Tried these the other day because of the low price and regreted it from the moment the jar was opened. These sausages tasted like card board soaked in beef flavored vinegar. Im used to eating Glazier's pickled sausages that snap when you bite them. Guess I will stick to what I like.
the product was advertizes as hot sausage;s. the lable on jar say;s [ hot sausage ]. but they not even warm . the sausage;s do have agood flavor but just pickled. we have been serving these type of products at our vfw for year's so i know what i'm talking about.
While I gave it the benefit of the doubt confirmation was ascertained on the second bite that it tastes like vomit.
This is good stuff, and hard to find in the local pet stores here in ne pa. One store carries it at times but runs out and at times I send for it through Amazon.com. The price in the stores can be very expensive, and the price through amazon is up in the air as the price fluctuates in the store and the shipping at Amazon adds to the price. I won't discuss price except to say if your dog likes it and is not allergic to it then you have to pay what it cost . My dog has lots of allergies and is not allergic to this so I pay what I pay.
I was nervous after reading some of the reviews about the taste of this and/or quality, but after having been consuming this for a couple days, I really do enjoy it!  Initially I thought it would be gross, but it really wasn't!  It is nice with the fruit in it, and has a kind of "nutty" taste. Great shipping, great quality, amazing nprice, and I def. rec!
Zen brews up to an golden amber liquor. The aroma is sweet spearmint. The blending of this tea is excellent--spearmint could be overpowering but they use just the right amount of it. Slightly sweet spearmint is the primary flavor, then you taste a hint of lemon. The green tea provides an herbal base for these two flavors that makes the intial impression of zesty spearmint and lemon modulate into a substantial potion. Very nice and satisfying with a clean spearmint aftertaste.<br /><br />Remember that this tea does have caffeine--however, it does not say how much on the box. A good estimate might be 30 mg--compared to 90mg for the average cup of coffee. Make sure you time how long you brew this tea because if you brew too long it becomes bitter. Four minutes is ample.
Wow, I have to admit these are really yummy. I don't know how they did it, but they don't have that "imitation-sugar" taste at all. They're small little bars (slightly bigger than the normal hershey's miniatures), but for only 30 calories a piece, they are a perfect afternoon treat when you need something sweet at the office.
This candy is amazing!  Great tasting chocolate and caramel and still sugar free.  I wish it was for sale locally, but am happy I get a chance to purchase online.
Hershey "Sugar Free Caramel Filled Chocolates" are very good diabetic friendly chocolate candies. These are fairly small, but are very tasty.<br /><br />Sweetened with Splenda, these do not significantly impact my blood sugar levels or cause gastric distress.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
If you cannot eat regular chocolate, these are just wonderful.  YUMMY.  For diabetics and people who are choosing not to eat sugar (plus fewer calories) these are very tasty.
These chocolates are a welcome find.  They taste the same as regular chocolate but they don't spike my blood sugar.  I treat myself to a couple at a time when I have a sweet tooth.  It's great to be able to satisfy my craving without the extra sugar.  And fortunately the Maltitol doesn't seem to bother my digestive system.<br /><br />They're a little pricey but I found a great bulk deal at another online source.
I ordered this prouct along with 2 others. I bought all together to get the "FREE SHIPPING over $30". What really happened is that each item shipped from a different location and I was charged seperate shipping for each. The shipping was such that I could buy these products more cheaply at the corner drug store. I feel I was misled into overbuying and was left feeling ripped off by Amazon. This is the experience I shared with my friends. After this purchase I bought books from Walmart on line for the first time.
It was shipped in a very nice package and I have no complain with the seller. My plant growing bigger and now I am looking for a bigger pot to transplant. It's good....if you are looking for a a workspace plant that needs minimal maintenance this is the plant you might need.
cool! I got it last weekend. I was suprised about the pot size, which was a lot bigger than the regular 4" pots. About the plant, there is nothing to complain.  Within a week, there are already new leaves!
awesome! I was looking for this particular plant and homedepot/lowes/walmart didnt have any, I ordered it online a little reluctant - my first even plant purchase online, but it is doing great so far! I am happy!
This is excellent green tea.  It is just a little spicy and very flavorful.  Green tea is so good for you, you won't even miss your morning coffee.  And..... you are helping children when you buy Tea District Children's Tribute tea.
This roasted green tea was only "so-so" to my taste. I've found others I like better since I purchased this. However, it arrived in a box of TWELVE boxes (each with 16 or so tea bags). Way too much! Then I found that we can't return food items, so I now have a LOT of tea.
I use this coffee in my espresso maker and all I have to say it WOW!  The espresso is smooth, with a hint of chocolate and slightly bitter finish.  It's the perfect coffee bean for espresso for me.  I hate that strong bitter finish you get with some espresso beans (like starbucks)and you don't get that with this coffee.  I LOVE IT and will be ordering more!
Best coffee ever. Still haven't found anything I like better. I have never tasted coffee this strong that wasn't bitter at all. Kind of pricey when you start working out what it is costing you per pound but cheaper than buying directly from Gevalia. If this company started opening stores, Starbucks and their bitter brews would go bye bye.
If I drank more than one commuter cup in the morning I'd probably need to back off the caffeine a notch or two, but this espresso (made in my stove-top espresso maker) is delicious and (almost) worth getting out of bed for.
A dark coffee that has no bitterness and is smooth as silk. Always use quality filtered water and a clean coffee maker if you want a great brew!
I am now on my last box (of three) of this Gevalia Espresso Roast and have been impressed. It does pack a punch like the other reviewer said. One double shot latte of this made in my Aeropress at 9pm keeps me up until a good 2am in the morning. ;)
I was given a pack of this coffee as a gift and it had been sitting around for quite a while (over a year) when I decided to try it.  It was without a doubt one of the best coffees that I have tasted.  Very smooth and flavorful.  I would highly recommend this.  After that I ordered a supply from Amazon. They are vacuum packed (I believe much better than store bought coffee).  I may try the decaf version of this to see how that tastes.
I love this coffee but I am not sure what has happened to the price lately I used to get this exact product on average for about 15 dollars and the price has skyrocketed to $40.  I am hesitant to buy this product again for this price
This coffee is splendid. I can't say much more. Perfect smoothness, not at all bitter.. just the perfect dark coffee.
My husband jut loves this coffee!  I purchased it for him and I actually loved it.  I am a HUGE Starbucks fan but this also does the job for me.  I would highly recommend this product.
I bought this for my husband who has been drinking espresso all his life. On a recent trip to Italy we bought the lavazza rosa espresso and I was able to find it and order it on amazon. I bought the gevalia just to try something new and based on the reviews I thought it might be a good idea. My husband loves it and actually prefers it to the Lavazza.  I just bought another 3 pack. we use a stove top Bialetti and this is fine for that type of maker. Highly recommend!!!
I have been ordering Koeze nuts over 20 years now.  The quality is as good now as they were when I was given my first jar.  I gave these to my son in law the first christmas we spent together and when he opened them his comment was "these are wallhangers".  They really are the best nuts I've ever had.  Enjoy!!!
THE NUTS WERE FRESH. THE CONTAINER WAS FINE FOR THE PRICE. BECAUSE OF THE QUANTITY THAT I ORDERED THE FREIGHT WAS MARGINAL.
Koeze Colossal Cashews are most delicious  cashews I have ever tasted and they are HUGE.<br />They aren't kidding when they call them jumbo.  They  are so very flavorful.<br /> Order these and you won't be disappointed<br />(expect you'll wish you had ordered a larger size).
These cashews were what I was hoping for, they were large and very fresh. They met my expectations I recommend Koeze for anyone looking to purchase these especially if they are a gift. I was not disappointed.
I keep these on hand for car trips with the grandkids. You can turn a boring bottle of water into a flavorful Kool-Aid drink by just adding a single packet to it. Just open the bottle, pour in the contents of one packet, then close and shake. Each packet contains both the Kool-Aid mix and the amount of sugar that's needed for a single drink. Perfect size for a typical water bottle. We use reusable watter bottles with them, so we can fill them up with water when ever we need something to drink and then add the Kool-Aid.<br /><br />They taste just like when you mix a regular full sized pitcher of Kool-Aid, just in a single serving size. These single servings work really well for us since we never drink a whole pitcher when me make one, and end up pouring half of it out. These were such a great idea!
...however, for the price and additional shipping cost (if not receiving that free), I would not say this is a such a good value. Not sure what makes the tuna more pricey than something like the freeze-dried salmon. If these were the only treats available to the cats, they likely would not last even one week in this small amount. In the future, I'd be more apt to open up a 69-cent can of tuna, which they are just as fine with.
The tea was a lot milder in flavor than I was expecting, but still pleasant. The aroma was light. I probably would not buy this again, but that's only because I would like a more intense flavor.
I have fallen in love with this tea. I am a british tea fanatic and Ashby's has superceded my tastes and expectations. Smooth, not to bitter, low tannins awesome taste! I'll take this over PG Tips!
The packaging is so cute on all of Ashby's teas and the tea is exceptional. I would recommend this tea to anyone.
If you have dry skin, give this a try. A doctor recommended I try this when I complained of itchy skin due to dryness. It's definitely more moisturizing than the bar soaps I used to use.<br /><br />As someone already mentioned, the packaging design is horrible. I used to keep almost empty bottles propped upside-down in my shower caddy, but then decided to use a pump bottle instead, which I refill.<br /><br />Dove -<br />If you're reading this, please redesign these bottles so that they are more user-friendly. In Japan, you sell liquid Dove soap in pump bottles, and you even sell refills packaged in plastic bag, which are far more eco-friendly and less expensive. Please consider doing the same for the North American market.
Yeah, I'm a guy. Just because I'm a guy doesn't mean I can't want smooth, hydrated skin. I bought this stuff on a whim. I love it! The scent is light, so as not to overpower. And it does make you feel a little cooler, as well as hydrated. I am no longer dry and itchy after a shower! I combined this stuff with a bodyscrub brush...WOW!
I love the product.  But, the bottle design is terrible.  In order to get the last 1/3 or so of the body wash out of the bottle in a timely manner you would normally store the bottle upside down.  With the pointy top that is impossible.  So, you must stand in the shower the try to shake the remaining product the length of the bottle to squirt it out.  This takes much more time that you'll want it to take.  Redesign the bottle with a flat top...please.
I'm a guy with hairy arms and hairy legs. Until I found this stuff, I was using various other body washes with my loofah. I always felt like I could never get enough suds and that the application seemed rough and difficult to quickly spread the body wash all over. Since I started using this stuff (for a few years now), I haven't looked back. This stuff is nice and soft and can create a decent amount of suds with somewhat minimal amounts of application on the loofah. It goes on smooth and ends up making my skin nice and smooth. And it rinses off nice, without leaving my skin rough. It works well, has a nice subtle smell, and I won't use anything else.
I ordered personal items for the first time from Amazon and I was very satisfied.  The product came shipped securely and the description of the product matched perfectly.  I will order again going forward.  Amazon has not disappointed yet.  I love the DOVE Body Wash!  It smells very fresh and clean and really keeps the skin moisturized well.  I have combination skin.
This was a great bargain, worked out cheaper than if I had purchased them at a wholesale discount store plus it was elegible for free shipment...BONUS
My wife uses this and she has no complains. It makes her smell nice and clean and it foams well. great moisturizer inside. I personally don't care for it because it feels slimy on my skin after use. I guess that is the moisturizer working. Very good smell though.
I just started using this product so I think it is too soon to rate; however, the order arrived very quickly.
High quality body wash that is very thick and lathers quickly and easily. It has a very pleasant, flowery smell that lasts for hours after you get out of the shower. You only have to use a small amount about the size of a quarter to last your entire shower. So even though the product is expensive, you will get a lot of use out of it. It seems that the cheaper, dollar a bottle kind I sometimes use only lasts a week or 2 because I have to use more of the product to last throughout a shower.<br /><br />I would say the smell lasts for around 6 hours or so so it's almost like perfume. My sister-in-law asked me yesterday, "You always smell so good. What do you wear?" I wasn't wearing any perfume of any kind at the time because it was very early in the morning before I had done my morning routine and I had to run something over there to her. I told her that it must just be the body wash. If you have ever used Dove shampoo or conditioners, it is almost the same smell.<br /><br />I am looking forward to trying the cucumber/green tea kind when I run out of these 4 bottles. I would totally recommend this for yourself or for any woman in your life: aunt, mother, girlfriend, wife. I know many women who would never buy this Dove product because they always choose their children and families over themselves, ie buying themselves whatever is cheapest. I intend on buying some of this for my mom and aunt to maybe put in a gift basket or care package for them.<br /><br />I also use this as bubble bath when I take a nice hot bath. Excellent product. A+ from me.
I love this body wash.  It leaves my skin feeling very soft.  It's not greasy either.  Worth the extra money to buy the real stuff.
Great product and great scheduled deliveries.  I get it for my youngest son, who lives in a group home. Not sure what they do with it all, but at least he's clean!
Very pleased this stuff smells so good. My roommies LOVE to sniff the shower after ive been in there. the first one got lost in the mail but customer service sent me a second one and upgraded to overnight delivery. So it gets 5 stars from me.
i bought this -4 pack of dove deep wash and three months later i am still using it.<br />i dont think i could use any other product.
I LOVE this body wash!  It smells nice, works great, and feels great on your skin.  Add in the fact that with the Subscribe and Save deal, it is a great value, I'm sold!
yes, i have bought this before. i like the smell and detest the bottle design. i do agree with one of the reviewers that the Dove does sell their liquid soaps in pump form in Asian countries and sell the refills for them as well. i would like it if they have that... but i must make due with what i CAN get at this point in time.<br /><br />i decided to redo the way i do my bath routine the way i currently do is so time consuming. it takes almost an hour to take a shower.<br />so i'm on amazon finding things to aid in my new innovated routine.<br /><br />like i said before, i have bought this product in Walmart but only the single bottles or double bottles that happened to be on sale. i love the product it makes me feel soft and silky. the scent is pleasant. not over powering at all. light.<br /><br />i don't buy lotion, they're often heavy and make me feel greasy or they feel weird on my skin. i am of the chocolate complexion so i tend to get extremely ashy because i don't like the way i feel after putting on lotion, so i buy dove body wash, deep moisture. i get clean, moisturized and don't feel greasy after i get out the shower.<br /><br />**EdIt!**<br /><br />i have solved the oddly shaped bottle problem, buy or find one lying around the house, a soap pump for hand soap.<br />i recommend the ones that have had hand soap in them as they are conditioned for everyday use and can hold a thicker capacity soap like this the manufacturer had the bottles made specifically for their product, their product is thick. i've read and heard that the ones you buy empty are for thin lotions and what not.<br /><br />if you use an old soap bottle clean it out first and fill with the Dove soap, and use in the shower, if you can find a 24 oz bottle (maybe from one of doves hair pumps rinsed out,) they're 25oz, big enough to fit all of it and strong enough for thick products such as this. (25oz eliminates the frustrating last bit at the bottom, anything smaller store the remaining in a drawer in the corner upside down so you can squeeze the rest in the bottle without fighting with it too much, by the time you get to that second half in the bottle it'll be where you want it and you don't come out the shower looking like you got into a fight with a Dove Soap Deep Moistruizing Body wash bottle...  XD
Both my husband and I use this body wash.  We both have dry skin and feels it does a really good job as a moisturizing body wash.  It is a little pricey here, basically comparable to store prices (Walmart/Supermarket).  I order for convenience, one less item I have to waste time at a store getting---with our busy lives it is needed so we tend to get many items from Amazon, mostly through the Subscribe and Save program.
Great for stocking up and keeping a few in the closet. I like to buy things in bulk and this was a good deal and smells good too.
I use this product every time I shower and it is great. I usually get horribly dry skin in the winter but this along with Dove lotion keeps my skin soft and smooth! the smell is good, not overwhelming and you get ALOT of product, the bottle is HUGE. Very comparable to department store body washes (I have Kiehls, chanel, and Shiseido) except a lot more affordable.
Needed the soap b-4 weekend. Ordered on Thurs and paid the extra next day shipping (even though I'm Prime) because no delivery here on Sat). Stuff came s promised on Friday and in good package. The price of the soap, like lots of other stuff nowadays on Amazon, was higher than local stores so ck prices first. Amazon aint the lowest, usually, anymore.
I will never understand the soaps from mainstream, and sometimes otherwise great brands, who claim to have a line of "sensitive skin" products which still contain Sodium Lauryl or Laureth (as in this case) Sulfate. If you're someone who needs sensitive skin products there's a more than decent chance that you also need stuff without SLS. Boo. Refer to their bar soap, which is wonderful.
This product gave me a horrible rash.  It contains both soybean oil and fragrance which are allergens.  They need to list allergens.
I like the item or I would not have ordered it, However, I ordered 100 and 100 was confirmed. When the order arrived it contained only 96, four short. Rather skimpy. I usually like to receive what I ordered and for which I paid full price.
I don't enjoy giving products a bad review but I was so disappointed I had to.  I've tried quite a few teas and I've been able to drink teas that others say taste like dirty dish water so I can get down some pretty harsh teas.  I usually don't use any type of sweeteners either because I drink my tea right before bed.  I've tried to give this tea a chance.  Ive tried it with sugar, honey and lemon and masking the flavor with vanilla and a little milk.  To me, this tea smells like dirty feet and probably tastes like them too.  I've also tried straight chamomile teas before too so I know it's not that.  I would rather eat the plant itself than drink this tea.  I haven't tried any other Twinings products so this review is strictly for this product.
This tea is what it is supposed to be, it is good, the packaging was good, and the tea is excellent
I've been using Lourdes Chimichurri for years - The stuff is awesome. I use it mostly when cooking fish but have recently started to put it in my family's sandwiches. We're also big fans of the guava and mango spreads. Highly recommend these products if you're looking for great taste without the preservatives.
I started using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008EMA3AS">Lourdes Gourmet Chimichurri Sauce</a> on my grilled steaks and fell in love with it.  Now I'm putting it on my chicken, vegetables & pasta.  I'm turning into a real chimichurri addict.
I absolutely love this product!  I use it on chicken, beef and as veggie spread! Its also good in recipe's for a little extra kick!
I was introduced to the Blair chips by a friend. I mostly ignore potato chips because I really don't like them. However, these I like the most among all the chips in the Blair line. They are savory and can be eaten rapidly. The hot chips are good because they are so hot, I cannot eat them fast. I am so happy I cannot get them at local stores because I would eat them all the time.
These cashews are the best I've ever had and the containers they come in are the perfect size.
SOMETHING TO EAT IF YOU'RE STARVING - BUT PLEASE GIVE REAL FOOD TO HUNGRY PEOPLE,<br /><br />What's in Kellogg's Corn Flakes? "Milled Corn, Sugar, Malt Flavoring, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Salt." Yes, of course, it also has lots of yummy preservatives such as BHT and a few synthetic vitamins and iron in minute quantities. For nutrition you get basically 100% Carbs from lots of SUGAR and almost NO PROTEIN. Add skim milk, or you'll get saturated fat with a little protein from whole milk. For added nutrition, include a sliced banana and a capful of wheat germ.<br /><br />If you like Corn Flakes, that is your business and you should enjoy them, but this is not health food and it is a very poor value for more than 0.29 cents an ounce [$3.49 per package]. At this price, the inner package's failure to maintain freshness is an even bigger drawback when one thinks of how long it may take to finish 12 ounces of this stuff. Why not use a vacuum-sealed container like Kretschmer's Wheat Germ to preserve freshness? After all, it's in the same price range!<br /><br />So if you are hungry, you are really eating the wrong stuff. SOMETHING TO EAT IF YOU ARE STARVING - BUT PLEASE GIVE REAL FOOD TO OTHER HUNGRY PEOPLE PLEASE!
It saddens me to say I had to return this item.  The item's page specifically said the Calamares were packed in Olive Oil.  However on the actual boxes the ingrediant showed it was packed in another oil....an unhealthy oil.  That was the bad news.  The good news is Amazon, as usual, was gracious and professional in allowing me to return this item which is considered to be 'not returnable'.  That is why I buy everything online from Amazon.com.  They are the best.
The content has been consistantly good. The calamares have been tasty. The price was also very reasonable
Watch out for this because I wanted what was pictures however I got different colored flowers.  They use local vendors and it depends on what they have in stock.  The flowers still looked beautiful, but I was expecting the white and pink flowers.  My wife got orange and yellows one instead.
At my local Costco store, I bought Pace salsa numerous times. The salsa tastes feel rich and I love the jalepenos Pace puts in the salsa. Spicy, but not too the point where I'm sweating and can't enjoy my salsa and chips.<br /><br />The salsa doesn't feel watered down and this is a great "go to" salsa choice.
I have a husband who could bathe in Pace picante salsa, I wish amazon would put it on their subscribe and save program. I ordered two bottles and during shipment one of the lids broke and salsa went everywhere. Amazon immediately gave me my money back, I'm surprised my husband didn't eat the salsa soaked box for dinner.
The sodium and sugar (often corn syrup) in tomato sauces is frightening.  Plus, w/them you eat white pasta to boot but w/salsa you eat rice and beans.  Trust me - don't buy your sauces around your meals, get salsa and plan meals around it.<br /><br />They arrived in a day or two and the bottles were shiny and fresh, I was afraid of warehouse dust and old stock.  The vendor did really well.
These are really great tasting cookies. I like the combination of peanut butter and chocolate. A nice change from the usual chocolate chip cookies.
These arrived fresh and in very good shape, Just like buying from the local store only cheaper and delivered to my door!
I was looking for snacks to buy in bulk for school lunches and this fit the bill perfectly.  It helped that my 7 year old loves Chips Ahoy, but for convenience alone, this was a great purchase since I have free shipping through Amazon Prime.
The Price is great, The serving is just right for a snack, and ITS A COOKIE. Buy a bunch and they send it to your house!!
These bags never close well, so if you are a compulsive bag-closer, forget about it. Ah, the taste you ask? Dry, and dusted with its own carnation in powderized form. Snack creators branching out by offering traditional products in slightly different forms results in me expressing negative comments via reviews. And why, oh, why does everything have to be miniaturized in order to appeal to rugrats and the type of people who have to proclaim their brood with stick figure-ish stickers on the back of their vehicle? Please, just go straight for the original "Chips Ahoy!" in standard size, pig out, and forget about the kids for six minutes.
These cookies are both yummy and well priced. I recommend them. Other cookies I like are Mrs. Fields(packaged), Chips ahoy soft baked, fig newtons, oreos, and elf cookies.
This is not a gourmet chocolate chip cookie, but is the best chocolate chip cookie that we have found in the grocery store. It is not too firm or soft, has a good amount of flavorful chocolate chips, and makes for a nice snack or dessert. We have eaten these for years in my house.
It's a lot of cookies, but the price is very good compared to the local grocery store.  The packages were in good shape and the cookies were fresh.  My order from January 25th has an expiration date of April 28th.  Not bad, but I would have preferred a later expiration date.  Other than that, no problems.  Exactly the same Chips Ahoy you would buy in the store.
Delicious cookies.  I actually thought I was ordering the white chocolate chunk cookies, not the chewy, but definitely enjoyed these.  The only down side, is these seem awfully small.
Exactly what I wanted...individual packages of cookies that I couldn't find at a store.  Shipping was only 99cents and came to be in about 3 days.<br /><br />It was great!
I really like the "crunchy" chocolate chip cookies . . . the soft ones are chemically softened and, I think, gross.  These have good flavor and are great for trips (although eating anything crunchy in the car is discouraged . . . wait for a rest stop!) and especially for preschooler snacks.
I have a bit of a sweet tooth. I've tried to ignore it in times past, but the reality is that I want--NEED--a cookie from time-to-time as a welcome addition to my brown bag lunch. These 1.4 ounce single servings make that easy without overdoing it. If I bring one with me I know I'll only end up eating one package and not HALF of a 12 ounce package! Single servings help keep the portion size healthy while not killing your soul by ignoring your need for some desert...<br /><br />Reasonably priced and shipped to your door, these are a great purchase.
I did not know that I was ordering biscuit crumbs. That is exactly what I received. Such a lousy product. It's Amazon's fault for shipping out expires products. Will NEVER order food from Amazon.com ever.
I meant to pick up the normal Chewy Chips Ahoy and was flabbergasted when I returned home to find that they shoved the word "oatmeal" in the corner of the package but kept everything else the same. I decided to try them anyway and the oats definitely interrupt the normally wonderful chemistry between the chocolate and dough.<br />[...]
Chips Ahoy, chewy oatmeal cookies are so moist that it is difficult to separate a single cookie from the package without it breaking into pieces.  My tastebuds say they are too sweet, not cooked enough, lack ample chocolate chips and oatmeal flakes.  If you like cookie dough, you most likely will enjoy these.  I'll stick with a crunchy, less sweet cookie.
Wow.  So far, two two-star reviews.  One obviously had no idea what they were ordering; the other wants crispy cookies.  Hey, I'm sorry; but these reviews do nobody any good beyond reminding us to look  before ordering.<br /><br />These are chocolate-oatmeal cookies.  If you don't like that combination, don't order this type of cookie.  I find the combo quite nice, really.  The oatmeal sort of "calms" the rich chocolate flavor and gives the cookie sort of a coconut-type consistency.  Now let's also remember that tastes differ; so, I've given my opinion.<br /><br />Then, these are soft, chewy cookies -- as advertised.  They are not "crispy" cookies, or the blurb would say "crispy," rather than "chewy."  I happen to like raw cookie dough; however, I don't see where these taste like raw cookie dough.  Both are soft, however, so is this the confusion?  And, yes, they stick together.  Soft cookies tend to do that.  They aren't individually wrapped, which would add to the cost.  Oh yeah, chocolate chip cookies tend to be somewhat sweet.<br /><br />So, if you want something hard and crisp, I suggest Nabiso's Ginger Snaps.  If you want a cookie that's soft, chewy and tastes like a combination of chocolate and oatmeal, give these a try.  I'm here to place my second order.
When I eat junk food, I'd like to enjoy it, the guilty pleasure it is.<br /><br />These cookies are neither healthy or tasty.  Stick to Chewy Chocolate Chip cookies.
tastes pretty crappy. it's like raw cookies.<br /><br />it's not even like a cookie. it's a squishy thing in a cookie shape
I purchased these thinking they would just be ordinary oatmeal raisin cookies. Wrong! I like chocolate chip and I like oatmeal raisin but these combination cookies just don't work well together. I wish I had read the item listing more carefully. Even my kids said "Blech!".
After eating TANG's chocolate and double-chocolate cookies, all other cookies will taste like expired, tepid dogfood to you. Her cookies will enhance your life in ways you never dreamed possible. Tim Horton's, Timothy's, Second Cup, Starbucks, Treats and those horrid packaged cookies at Zupas are just pathetic imitators to the grandeur that is a TANG cookie. HER COOKIES ARE DA BOMB!!! A+++++++ Hawt damn!
Overall I was not happy with the crumbiness of these cookies. They were way to fragile and crumby. There is just too many crumbs in my bed, how am I supposed to sleep like this?
Sardines are a useful item to stock for times when you want to add a bit of protein to your meal without breaking the bank. I like that they are lower in mercury than big fish are, and high in omega fats. The skinless ones are much better tasting in my opinion--regular sardines taste a bit too oily, fishy, and strong to me. They are fairly neutral with the absence of added oil or much salt and this makes them versatile--I sometimes add lemon and mayonnaise for a sandwich filling, mix with egg, oatmeal, onion and lemon and fry for a fish patty, or add them to a salad. Although I think these from Roland are very good, I liked the Seasons skinless sardines, which are also sold by Amazon, even better for flavor and texture.
This is a very tasty product. Tastes more like tuna. However I believe the 35mg of salt listed on the indgredients for a 1/4 cup serving is much lower than the actual salt content. I use very little salt and these are somewhat salty. I also opened a can of Crown Prince natural brisling sardines in water which has a salt content of about 45 mg. The crown prince tasted much less salty than the Roland sardines. So I think Roland needs to be a little more careful about their packaging and list of ingredients. My guess is the salt content is comparable to a can of water packed tuna, maybe 210 mg or higher per 1/4 cup serving.
Skinless sardines in water differ from the ones with skin in oil in that they are somewhat coarse and dense as opposed to the softer texture of sardines in oil.  Not much fishy odor and the liquid is flavorful.
I like this product much better than the canned sardines I am able to find at my local grocery stores.  I buy Rolland and Seasons ( both sold by Amazon ) and in my opinion they are superior in both taste and texture.  It is a toss up for me as to skinned and boneless opposed to the skin on with bones - I like both - there are probally more nutrients in the ones with bones, which, along with the omega 3s is the plus factor for sardines.  They work for me.  I have eaten them since I  was a kid - I'll turn 80 in July. Incidentally, my cat is crazy about them too.
Sardines are rising in popularity as people discover more about their health benefits... and that they aren't so stinky after all (especially less so after cooking!).<br /><br />I've used numerous varieties of the Roland sardines: olive oil, s&b in olive oil, tomato sauce, etc.  The S&B version with low sodium and packed in water is my best recommendation/preference: a great value for the money, and practically a steal when you compare -per ounce- the price with other brands.  Then, consider the discount(s) when purchasing through Amazon, and it'll be tough to choose another.  Why?  Many other brands charge the same price as -or more than Roland- with only a 3.5-oz tin, whereas Roland includes more fish in the tin.  The quality is consistent, and the sardines themselves are quite succulent and versatile enough to be included in stir-fries, salads, pasta dishes, etc. without overpowering the other flavors.<br /><br />Oddly enough, I was half-mindful when perusing a semi-local dollar store which is renowned for carrying a ton of food items in my city.  I was looking to make some lower-cost and healthier choices in my diet at the time (not expecting to find these, of course, but rather turning my nose up at the usual crud I saw stocked there) when I accidentally stumbled across them.  At $1 per tin, it was a huge buy, so I tried a few.  The rest, as they say, is history as aforementioned.
Just had my 1st can of these sardines and I am delighted!  Big sardines in the can with a most excellent mild flavor.  Made a tuna salad...but used sardines.  Wonderful!  I have to say that I really didn't notice that they were low sodium as far as affecting the overall sardine taste.  Love the ones without oil as I don't really like that greasy fish taste you get with some sardines.  I just got diagnosed with hypothyroidism, and I read that sardines are good to help restore your thryoid function.  I'll be ordering more of these!
Roland S&B sardines are the best you can buy and believe me,  I've tried them all.  ALSO....Amazon's price is half what I had been paying.
After the doc said cut the salt, and tuna is expensive and pyekky with no sodium, and of little health benefit, I've been looking for eitzehs.<br />No salt?  Tasteless food?  I'll be a misery!~<br />I took this product, added some lemon juice and sprayed on some liquid smoke from an atomizer bottle I comanddered for the occasion, mished it up, and it tastes great on a matzah!~<br />I can even extend it a little bit by adding some shredded lettuce to the mix, and it is my fave breakfast!<br />Low sodium means getting creative.<br />Mustard, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, worchestershire sauce and liquid smoke have been staples for replacing salt, though none comes close.<br />If you have another salt replacement ingredient to add, PLEASE! Put a reply here!<br />Thanks! Bitayavon!
Water based sardines without salt is.... awwfuul.  Not bad of a product here--far superior to the types I normally purchase at stores.
I love canned sardines and when they put me on a low salt diet<br />I figured that was the end of my sardines until I found these. They taste fantastic,the price is reasonable and you can at least have<br />something that before these sardines was not available to people<br />on a low salt diet. Side benefits as they are skinless and boneless.<br />Thanks to the Roand Co.
these are really good, the sodium is ok based upon the daily allowance. It is a great fast meal when you do not want to cut on the stove and it is really good when added to a salad. so far the  low fat sardines has aided me in my weight loss, I am going to continue Roland's product until I reach my final goal weight. They taste good, a litte coarse and dry but I normally add the juice to a fork full. I love them. I learned not to be too critical and enjoy the little things in life.
I've eaten a lot of sardines in my life and by far these are the best. The extra cost of boneless/skinless is worth it cos there is more to eat and less waste.  Love the water packed instead of the gooeyness of oil. Excellent
4.5. Just water and large pieces of sardines. Open for all types of combinations of which I find the old whole grain crackers, quality cheese, a particle of mayo and mustard and a hot cup of tea, the most appealing. They do lunch in a hurry and snack times as well. Solid product. Even drank the water in which they are laid to rest and not too shabby. Sardines are good for a person, everyone agrees on that. Even a Sardine sandwich sounds about right in the next few minutes (the better the bread the better the sandwich...) so yes, 4 Solid Stars and I am hungry for the product right now, come to think of it!
The product arrived on time and is delicious. Thanks very much. The price was very fair. What else needs to be said?
I buy skinless sardines packed in water to keep my intake of sodium and chloresterol down.  For about $2 a can including tax and delivery I feel I am getting my money's worth.  I cannot get these kinds of sardines at the local supermarket.<br /><br />Sardines are somewhat tasteless.  I put the sardines on salad and top the salad with olive oil and red wine vinegar.  If I eat the sardines as a sandwich, I used mustard, which also has no salt and chloresterol.
I have had to change my diet and now have better health. These are very tasty.
I've tried many brands of sardines. These are my favorite. Even with low sodium, they are full of flavor. Excellent choice.
These are the best skinless boneless sardines that I've tried and they are very reasonably priced.  They remind me a little more of tuna fish than sardines, but in a mild, rather than bad, way and are very firm for water-packed fish.  I especially like these mixed with salsa. They work out to $1.57/can or .36/oz if you choose the longer, but free, shipping.
I'm on a very low sodium intake- 300mgs per day- and these are great. Good taste and low sodium. I just put a little mustard on them and yum!
This is a favorite chocolate bar of several family members, made so by a visit to Germany. Hard to find in the States. Glad to know where to get them.
Yum!  I could live off of this stuff.  The peach flavor is refreshing and delicious. It's no longer sold where I live, and I really miss it.  (Can't even get it from Amazon.)  It's just too good to be discontinued.
I usually find the citrus sodas too tart/acidic for my tastes, and I find the black cherry Fresca too cloyingly sweet. I LOVE the peach; it's so crisp and refreshing without being acidic, and is just the right sweet for me. Other than ginger ale, it's my favorite "white" soda. I have been having trouble finding this in the grocery, and really hope it hasn't been discontinued.
I was looking for a low calorie cocktail and mixed a Rose wine with the Fresca Peach and it was delicious and I am not a regualar soda drinker and don't normally drink Rose wine. Make sure to get a Rose that is not sweet or you might as well drink Kool-aid. Look for off-dry or bone dry Rose's, maybe made with a Syrah, Cabernet, Merlot, Tempranillo, Sangiovese. Zinfandels tend to be too sweet for my taste, but you might like it. A sparkling rose would be great too. You can serve this with ice in a cocktail glass  or without ice in a martini glass.
THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT. ID DOES WHAT IT SAYS, IT WILL BRING SHINE AND HEALTH TO YOUR PETS COAT, AND THE DOGS LOVE IT.
I was looking for a healthy alternative to regular wheat grass which is becoming harder to find in health stores... and this is not just for me! I also grow this in trays for my 2 cats who live indoors, deprived of valuable natural chlorophyll. All mammals need it, and we are now enjoying a strong, healthy organically grown variety which is easy to grow and lasts a long time. Wheat grass has larger blades than lawn grass which does not induce the cats to being sick. They crave it and are very healthy with glossy soft coats, their energy levels are better, and they are playing more. Both are perfectly healthy. Chlorophyll is kind of like eating liquid sunshine mixed in with vegetation. It does a body good! If you care about your (or other) bodies, then get this very nice product. The shipping is fast and it is packaged well. The cans are sealed well with a tight-fitting lid. Yes, I am going to continue ordering from this vendor again. They have exactly what I am looking for.
I wanted to give these soy crisps more justice than just the 5 stars (and ordering them all the time).  I bought a bag of these Sea Salt flavor crisps and a bag of BBQ crisps about a month ago, in a bid to eat more healthy food.  I've always loved BBQ chips, especially Ruffles and Lays K.C. Masterpiece chips, but they've got to be killing me slowly, right?  So I busted open the BBQ soy crisps and gagged.  How could this be BBQ?  They tasted like cardboard, and I gave them to my friends who will eat anything.  I begrudgingly opened the Sea Salt bag, and though more palatable, I was still disappointed.  (I know..."I thought you said 5 stars."  It gets better.)<br /><br />Anyway, I had sworn off chips and midday snacking, so for two weeks I saw nothing on the counter but Genisoy Soy Crisps.  I'd eat two or three here and there, and when I ran out, I bought 2 bags of the Sea Salt flavor again.  What happened must be akin to rebooting your computer or defragging your hard drive--my body forgot what those strong BBQ flavored chips were like, and I started craving Soy Crisps.  I began to taste a delicious roasted soybean flavor, like those roasted and salted soy beans they sell in jars, which I had completely missed before, apparently because it wasn't a sweet, red-crusted, overbearing BBQ powder.  I polished the next bags off in three days.<br /><br />Now, I'm ordering 12 here on Amazon ($1 cheaper per bag than my local grocery store which seems to want to punish my wallet for trying to eat healthy food).  My advice is this--give these soy crisps a chance, but don't mix them in with your regular Doritos and BBQ Ruffles or you'll think they're awful.  Stop eating, for a month, the oily BBQ chips that have deadened your taste buds for years and reboot your taste buds with these markedly healthier chips.  You'll feel better about snacking!
I found out about these from a co-worker. They are delicious, low calorie, and pack some protein. Eating these rather than my usual pretzels and chips helped me slim down. I get them by the case now from Amazon since it is a better buy (and my supermarket doesn't always carry them).
For people watching weight or nutrition,these chips are an excellent substitute for regular chips.  They have plenty of protein as well.<br />Amazon's price is much cheaper than buying packs at the local grocery store.
I love light crispy salty snacks, and Soy Crisps is the best one of those I've found.  At only 100 calories per serving/350 calories for the bag, you could literally eat the entire bag (which I do on a regular basis) and not feel bad about it.<br /><br />There are several flavors but Deep Sea Salt is my favorite because it is subtle and just enhances the natural flavor of the rice and soy.<br /><br />So delish!  Shipped fast with all crisps in tact.  Great purchase, re-ordering.
These are one of my favorite ways to eat grains  Plus they are a good source of protein.  17 chips per serving is just about right.  I wish they had a little less salt but for the calorie/fat/fiber content, they are pretty healthy.  Great with soup or salads or just plain.  I would definitely recommend these.
Just the same thing I use to buy in the stores but for less. Same great taste, same great package. same eveything because it is the exact same thing, Love is stuff. thanks
I am a huge fan of Genisoy Soy Crisps (Deep Sea Salted flavor).<br />I love the crunch and texture of this non-greasy snack.  The flavor is subtle and very light.  No heavy salty taste or greasy lips or fingers after eating.  I also like that I can really indulge on these and not feel the regret of eating too many calories.  Soy Crisps are my fav crunchy treat.  >^,,^&lt;
I love this flavor of Soy Crisps...Deep Sea Salted. However, they are not available in the smaller individual size like most of the other flavors are. My husband prefers the lightly salted ones because they are crispier that the sea salted ones. He's right, but I do like this softer crunch too. It sort of reminds me of popcorn. In fact, I don't mind the big bag on occasions...for example if it is a replacement for a big bag of popcorn while watching a movie! What a nice healthy treat!
I'm a big fan of the carbs, fat and protein balance of these crisps. The salt isn't overpowering and the taste is OK. I've had better soy chips (Genisoy Tortilla Chips) but these are alright if you don't like the crunch of a chip.
Stores are not carrying this product - thank goodness I can still get them!!!!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CMHMUC">Genisoy Soy Crisps, Deep Sea Salted, 3.85-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>
I love these soy crisps.  They are the perfect salty crunch.  I have a hard time finding snack foods that don't have wheat, corn, or some sort of sugar sweetener in them.  But these fit the bill.  They are *very* salty, tho. I like them that way, but if you're not used to it and can be kindof surprising.
These soy crisps are an excellent choice for snacking. With 7 grams of protein in each serving, they are SO much better for you than potato chips or other snack foods.They have a great flavor, just enough salt, and leave you feeling satisfied -nutritionally and snackwise ! My grandchildren know these crisps are what they will be offered at my house for snacking. I highly recommend them.
I recently found out that I am allergic to wheat and milk.  As you can imagine, this severely limits my snacking options.  My local grocery was clearancing all of their organic section, so I tried these.  They are SO GOOD!  I love salted & plain rice cakes (did before my diet change too) & these add an extra punch of flavor and crunch!  Yum!
I have a very bad habit of snacking that I can't get rid of. So I purchased this to make snacking a little less bad. The first time I tried it I was like UGH it's gross! But soon it started to grow on me. It's very crispy, without being a deep fried potato chip. It's lightly salted, and doesn't have 12 different fattening, unhealthy seasonings and flavorings. One entire bag is only like 350 calories. It's actually quite good. I really like it now, and I find myeslf reaching for a bag of GenSoy before any type of chip.
These are the most consistent soy crisps I have had. They are light, flavorful, and always fresh - and usually arrive in very good condition (not crumbs). They are a bit salty, but that's the only point that might be bad - just depends on what you're expecting.
These soy crisps are very filling and satisfying.  If you are looking for something with a great salty crunch, these are for you.<br /><br />They are high in fiber and protein, and that is great if you are trying to watch your calorie intake.<br /><br />I think they are great and recommend them highly.
I really love these snacks.  They are low in calories and fat while being high in protein, which is important to me because I am a vegetarian.
I have been purchasing this product for about 9 months.  The taste of the product is inconsistent from lot number to lot number. I have gotten 3 cases where the chips had no flavor at all.  Have contacted the manufacturer 2 times.  Have not received a response from my latest inquiry. I don't recommend purchasing.
I bought these because I had decided I wanted to eat, and even snack, healthier.  These had so many good reviews, so I decided to try them.  I admit, it was a big mistake to order a whole stupid case without trying them first.  When I opened them, they looked totally unappetizing and then I tasted them......it tasted just like a rice cake/styrofoam with salt on it.  They also have a very unusual texture.  The combination of taste and texture was very disappointing.  My teenage daughter tried them and felt the same way - not even the dog would eat them.  We tried them with a variety of dips and couldn't come up with a tolerable way to choke them down.<br /><br />Luckily, I have a niece that is newly vegetarian, hungry all the time, and she took these off my hands.  I am still out $25 for buying the case of these to begin with...what a waste!
The product that I received was not the product that was pictured and described on the item's page.  The worst part of it all was that when I attempted to return the case of "Soy Crisps", I was unable to do so.  Amazon said that this was a non-refundable item.  So I wasted $30.00 and I am stuck with a case of "Soy Crisps" that I will not eat.
This has been my favorite soup since childhood.  I was pleased to find it available on Amazon.com at a very reasonable price.  Now I plan to keep a good supply on hand at all times!
Zomg these cookies are sooo good!! I just bought some at the grocery store today after craving raspberry sweets. Wow, was this more than what I was expecting. Between the chocolate, the raspberry and the cookie it's heavenly. They actually put a nice and consistent amount of filling in these unlike most store bought brands. I would definitely recommend them, and I will surely buy them again when I'm having a raspberry and chocolate craving.
I bake, so I'm rarely impressed by store bought cookies. This one, though....divine.  So divine. I don't like heavy chocolate, or dark chocolate, but I like a little chocolate. This cookie is the right amount pastry, raspberry and chocolate, and it's light, like a Madeleine.
My girlfriend and I bought some of this at stater bros for 4 or 5 bucks. Worth every penny. We use this on sandwiches instead of mayo. It is the best stuff. It's not healthy at all, in fact it is really bad for you, so keep that in mind.
I am a mustard lover, I eat mustard on everything.  Without a doubt it is the greatest.  Unfortunately you can only buy in a few stores "Beaver Honey Mayonnaise Mustard"<br />Maggie
I love this Beaver Brand Honey N Mustard Mayonnaise Sauce.  It is the best combination that I have ever used. Makes a great dipping sause for cheeses
Love this product.  Very flavorable to most anything.  Works great on lunch meat, ham, potato salad, more.  Something similar is sold at Honey Baked Ham locations, but this product is much better.
I bought the Blue Icicle because I had to quickly record some trumpet lines and I didn't have an interface. Well, actually, I did pick up an open box unit that didn't work because they couldn't provide me with the external power supply, so I took it back and got the Icicle as a quick fix that would get me where I needed to go in a timely manner.<br /><br />Hardware: iMac, dual core 2.0 GHz processor and 4 GB or RAM. OS 10.5.8.<br />Software: Garage Band.<br />Mic: Shure SM57.<br /><br />Pros. For recording trumpet with an SM57 it was perfect. Clear sound, low noise, LOTS of signal. With the gain a little over half way on the Icicle and about 58% in Garage Band I got hot horn lines with gain to spare.  Any hotter and they would have started clipping, so it definitely gave enough signal to get the job done.<br /><br />Cons. The gain knob has no dial or indicators for how far you have turned it - it has to be done by feel making it almost impossible to duplicate your settings exactly. This could be improved with a knob with an arrow and a marked dial so you can see where it's set. It also feels a bit cheap - it's lightweight and feels almost fragile. Treated with care it's fine, but I doubt it would take much abuse before it would break and I have been ultra careful with it because it feels so lightweight and cheap.  I also used it as recommended in the accompanying literature and didn't plug it directly into the back of the mic - I used it with a mic cable.<br /><br />For what I needed it was perfect - simple plug and play that got good sound into my computer, and it worked well in a pinch.  I just wish it was a little higher quality in terms of construction.  A bit heavier and a better dial for the analog gain, and I would have rated it a full 5 stars but as it is, I can at best give it 4.
This is all that I needed to make my condensor mic work! I have an MLX 990 and it works great with it! without this I was going to need to buy a preamp, and something that converted XLR to USB and a phantom power generator. This little thing does it all. It does exactly what it says it does, nothing more and nothing less.<br />I am not a professional recorder by any means I just wanted to set up a small studio in my room and be able to have my mic go straight to my laptop without having to buy a small soundboard. This might not work for someone who has a fancier setup than mine, but for my basic stuff it works amazing.<br /><br />The only thing I was surprised about was the size. in the picture it looks like its really small, but its really like 1 1/2" round and as long as my hand. It in no way effects the performance or anything I just thought it was noteworthy.<br /><br />If this was helpful please take a few seconds to hit the helpful button above. I would really appreciate it :)
I have several of these converters in my home studio -- the quality is amazing on both dynamics and condenser mics!  I had an Icicle that initially had a low hum, contacted Blue, and they said that the first 500 units produced had a low hum but that has since been fixed.  They sent me a replacement unit and it works perfectly now.  BUY THIS PRODUCT if you have the need.
The Icicle is truly a great piece of hardware. It's as simple as plugging your mic cord into the product and plugging that into your USB. The BEST thing about this product is it allows you to take your mic wherever there is a usb equipped computer. It is light weight so I don't know it's durability and don't plan on throwing it to find out. The Icicle comes with a gain knob which is a plus BUT remember with this is a 60 dollar plug n play tool so it doesn't have any other features.<br /><br />*also i didn't have the noise/feedback issue
Though this micpreamp has several weaknesses, I give this 5 stars because it's just perfect for what I do.<br /><br />I've been finding ways to record vocal in convenient way with good quality. Everyone told me I'm suppose to get audio interface for good vocal recording, but audio interfaces always ended up with frustration.<br /><br />After seeing several reviews of Icicle, I was going to return this, but once I used it, I don't think I want to return it anymore.<br /><br />This preamp is way beyond my expectation.<br /><br />However, like I mentioned above, it has weaknesses so this might not be a solution for many people<br /><br />1) it has no headphone jack for direct monitoring<br />2) no asio driver<br />3) only one input<br />4) does not look strong so always be careful<br /><br />If you are a person like me who just to need to record vocal conveniently using easy software like cool edit or audacity, you won't regret.
Just plug and play with your preferred software.  No hassles, worked great for about 3 months then just stopped working.  Didn't drop it (It is made of a flimsy plastic and is light as a feather - feels cheap).  It just stopped working.  When I buy a product I don't just want it to work great for three months.  Totally dissapointed.
I tried this on both Mac OS X and on Vista (not on the same computer), and it worked perfectly with both. Although Vista was a little confusing, nothing more was involved than finding the right audio preferences.  No drivers in either case.  I recorded a short review of the Blue FOR each setup, WITH each setup, which I posted on my devnotes posterous com blog -- you can search that out and listen to both of them if you have any doubts about the sound.  The whole thing lights up blue when it's plugged in, so if you love blue, this mic's for you.  I have a Behringer condenser mic, about the least expensive mic you can find, but it sounded great before and it sounds great through the blue icicle.
I've owned this product for about a year already and it is still working completely fine; although, there was a few technical issues I had to figure out myself. There's no problem with the Blue Icicle itself though. There would be a problem when trying to install this with Windows 7. There was no problem at all using it with Windows XP. It seemed like it would install a different driver instead of it being 'Blue Icicle'. Instead, it would show up as 'USB Multi-Channel Audio Device'. It just didn't sound the same when I was using it with Windows XP. It sounded more louder with some feedback in the background. What I did to fix this problem was to uninstall the 'USB Multi-Channel Audio Device' driver from Device Manager, then unplug the Icicle and plug it back in. When the 'Installing device driver software' notification pops up, click it and click 'Skip obtaining driver software from Windows Update'. It will now be installed as 'Blue Icicle' and work like how it should be! Make sure you raise the levels up in Sound in Control Panel if the mic sounds too low for you, even with the Gain Control Volume up; it shouldn't be up that high anyways as it would have some feedback in the background. I'm not sure if I'm the only one with this problem, but I hope this helps whoever does!<br /><br />When I first got the Icicle, it sounded amazing and I had a lot of fun with it! I still do, too! I use this with my Audio-Technica AT2020. I use it almost everyday, whether if it's for music producing or online gaming with friends. And yes, this does work for the PS3 -- not sure about the Xbox 360 though. I recommend this product for anyone who doesn't have a mixer for their microphone 'cause mixers are kind of expensive! Haha.
Owned two of these and when they work they are fine.  The power knob has no indicator on it though.  My biggest problem, and the reason I will NEVER purchase another, is this: both gave out with in a year.  One now sounds like I am recording from behind a wall and one developed a hum that will not go away.  Do yourself a favor and find a more reliable option.
Great audio, until a few months in it just decides to stop working. Common problem: google it and you'll see. Cheapest construction of any product every designed in the entire world. Feels like a fast food toy.<br /><br />I do not recommend this product. Piece o' garbage.
I will admit, the Icicle does allow you to plug any mic with an XLR jack to your computer using a USB jack. It does indeed provide phantom power to condenser mics and it will deliver a signal to your recording software.<br /><br />Beyond that, the usefulness depends on your mic and what you consider an acceptable recording level.<br /><br />I tried this with an AKG 200, BLUE enCORE 200 and an AKG 4500. All deliver very nice sound when used in a conventional recording chain. I could barely get an audible record level yelling into the enCORE 200, my staple for location voice recording. Normally, I plug the enCORE directly into a digital audio recorder with an XLR cable. No mic preamp, no phantom power, no EQ, and I get a good clean clear sound level near the peak of input level.<br /><br />This is one very disappointing product. If you route your mic through a preamp, then put the Icicle between the preamp and the USB input of your computer, you can get a decent record level, but that extra equipment is what this light weight gadget is supposed to avoid. Personally, I think you might be better off getting a decent channel strip* or mic preamp and an XLR to to mini jack to go between the channel strip and your computer input and forget the Icicle altogether.<br /><br />BLUE makes some great products, but this is not one of their better ones.<br /><br />*For those that don't know, Channel Strips combine several pieces of equipment into one box: typically a mic preamp and a compressor. Higher end units add some EQ capability as well or have other options.
Great USB audio interface! I also own the Shure X2U and they perform just about the same...I wish I would have known that before I spent way more on the X2U.
This product was awesome the first couple months, I was convinced I was over any potential "defective period..." Well, after caring for it well and giving it no reason not to work, it of course stopped working for me. I now can't use it for anything serious. Anything I record that is profound or important runs the risk of cutting out half way without giving any warning leaving me with half a recording of audio and half with crickets. There must be some crappy design inside the tube that prevents establishing a solid connection, I'm just happy it's not my $100 blue microphone! Don't waste your money on the icicle, it's productive ability has an expiration.
Cheap: A plastic tube with some presumably lightweight circuit inside.  Never worked right; no user interface, no known way to engage or defeat the phantom power.
Put simply this is a brilliant piece of kit... does exactly what it says on the tin... converts any XLR mic to USB  - including phantom power supply.<br /><br />We have an Neuman professional condenser mic here at Blockhouse tv and I kid you not  - it sounds amazing with this piece of kit.  Have plugged into our mac and thrown the signal into Audacity and/or Final Cut pro and it sounds the business - no hum, noise, clicks or pop. We use it to voice the children's animation DVD series; Jack and Holly.  Both the actors and the tech staff find it a really easy and portable set-up to use. OK - looks aren't great - and it's plastic - but I don't really give a monkey's about that - all I care about is the signal to noise ratio, the sound quality and can it power our very expensive mics?  The answer is - yes it can.  We say buy!<br /><br /> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004AM5PZ4">Jack and Holly's Christmas Countdown (US Format)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00439GWTM">Jack and Holly's Christmas Countdown (European format)DVD </a>
I already have the Bluebird from Blue and was using it to record a friend's live performance. With only a laptop computer at my disposal, I was able to connect my XLR to USB directly into Garageband. The Icicle is small, portable, and so easy to use-- plus, I didn't have to carry a huge A to D converter!
I was told by the salesman at Guitar Center that the Icicle was easy and very high quality. . .  It is perfectly easy but I have had nothing but problems from mine. There is a constant popping in anything I record.  I am using an AKG C3000B microphone I have had for a long time and it is in perfect condition so the problem is not with my mic.  Anyone else having this problem? Haven't been in touch with tech support yet, but I will say I am not happy with the Icicle. . .
Icicle is a pretty good preamp for the price.<br /><br />Very easy setup and a cool design, but definitely was not very rigid. It's very light and made of plastic.<br />But the one things that I didn't like was the noise. It had a fair amount of buzz along with it.<br /><br />A cheap preamp for the price, but you get what you pay for.
I find that even with the gain on maximum, the volume is not very loud.  I use it with a Shure SM57 mic and my Macbook (using Audacity).  One must be very close to the mike and speak somewhat loudly.  When I use the Shure mics with a mixer (the "analog" way), there are no volume problems.<br /><br />It is simple to set up, being almost "plug and play".  You have to choose the input source.
Read a few reviews, some good and some bad, and i finally decided to take the risk since the icicle was on sale.<br /><br />Works great and is perfect for a home/room studio.<br /><br /> I love everything Blue: Though the icicle is a little light and delicate, i treat it as careful as i do my microphone.<br /><br />I would highly recommend this product.
Have only had the need to use this a few times, but it has always performed well and consistently. Nice that it has a little preamp so you can control levels - doesn't seem to color the tone in any negative way.
the product was simply not recognized by my windows 7 home premium computer. very disappointed, considering on the Blue website it says that it is. I gave this the extra star because im sure its a great product, but the lack of communication of the compatibly was very disappointing. Most likely wont be buying anything else from Blue
I have little doubt that the Blue Icicle will get the job done with a Shure SM-58, or similar "dynamic" microphone.  But its claim that it will convert any "condenser" mic, even one that normally requires XLR connection and phantom power, into a "plug 'n play" USB mic should not be taken at face value.  I say this because I have an acquaintance with the original Audio Technica AT2020 Condenser mic who had intermittent and marginal success when he tried such a conversion.  In the long run, he would have been ahead (in terms of both the conversion and saving a few bucks) by purchasing the AT2020 USB mic.  As it is, the Blue Icicle is probably the best such converter on the market (the comparably priced LightSnake cable will not convert condenser mics, despite what you may have read).  So, if necessary, give it a try--and more than one.  But make sure there are return privileges.
Works fine for my Podcasting needs. I use it with a sure SM58 microphone. It is made of plastic and does feel cheap but I have had it for a few months and had zero problems with it. For desktop use it should be fine. Works great for my needs. Wouldn't recommend for heavy use on a stage or being tossed around.
It does what it says. I was only worried that either it wouldn't be compatible with my mic, or that my computer wouldn't recognize it, but everything turned out great. It's plug and play, my computer (running Windows 7) instantly recognized it and I was able to use this right away (in less than 5 minutes from unboxing it).<br /><br />It seemed like a joke to me at first, because it is so small and lightweight, so I thought it wouldn't actually supply Phantom Power or something like that, but it actually does, so this is pretty great. What I love most about this is that it is extremely portable and easy to set up, I DEFINITELY recommend this.
This device does one thing and it does it well. I use it to record demos and it provides a crisp, clean sound with zero noise! I have read some reviews where people complain about the durability of the icicle. While it feels a little chinsy, I hardly think it will snap in half. The price is right and the sound is great.<br /><br />For the most part, setting the icicle up is incredibly easy. I had a few instances where I had to reboot for Windows to recognize it again and such, but no serious headaches.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great device to have on hand of for the traveling musician who wants to quickly lay down ideas on the road.
This thing is great. I am running a BlueBird into the Icicle into Logic 9 and the sound I am getting is tremendous. There's little to no noise, but it boosts the signal plenty. I've had no trouble with not having enough gain, I have plenty of sound. Another thing is that I don't think it feels as light and toy-like as a lot of people here have stated. Just treat it with care, and don't drop it like any piece of musical equipment. Fantastic buy for the money, recommended.
i have used the icicle a few times, and it sounds great! everything works how it's supposed to, and it is a very simple but efficient interface. the ONLY thing that i can see that's wrong with it, is it just feels light and cheap. granted its only around $40 so you can't expect too much from it. the plastic just feels rather cheap. but i plan on treating it very nicely and gently anyways so all in all i don't foresee a major problem on that front.
I was somewhat skeptical about purchasing any XLR to USB adaptor, but I have to say...this thing works great! The recordings are crisp and clear, just as good as recording on my camcorder in PCM! Now, I can record directly to my PC without the need of Mini DV tapes and capturing the audio to the computer! The unit is a bit cheap feeling (weight-wise) but don't let that fool you one bit!<br /><br />It's true plug and play too! No need for any additional drivers/software...simply plug everything together and you're off and running! Overall, it's a great product! I highly recommend this for anyone who does any amount of voice recording!
3 years ago I bought a Digidesign 002 protools rack and a lot of other equipment to start recording - but I could never get it to work with my OS on either computer.  I was at an impasse for a long time until I saw this product on Blue's website.  I already had a $400 condenser mic in the closet I had never gotten to use and didn't want to spend more money on a quality USB mic.  I couldn't be happy that this product exists - in it's quality or price!  I noticed no noise or coloration of the signal and it worked without a problem.  It does exactly what it's suppose to do -- act like it doesn't exist.  It just serves it purpose to convert the signal well, and stays out of the way on everything else.  It does feel light weight and the signal was a little lower than i thought (as many reviews said) and that is the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars.  But I don't think that should keep anyone from getting this product.
I've had this product for 6 or 7 months at this point and I use it for podcasting. I've used 3 different mics one was dynamic and the other two condenser. All three have worked just fine as if I had plugged them into a mixer or a PA system, no problems. I have also beaten the crap out of this thing, knocked it around way too much and left it on the floor at my desk where I record, no problems still runs fine and it's not showing any signs of stopping. This thing is also super easy, plug and record on any software including the free Audacity software, Garage Band, and Sony Acid (the three I've tested)<br />One problem, that gain knob, while very useful, is super super touchy. I found a volume I liked and then taped it down, otherwise it'll jack up or down the gain with the slightest jostling. Doesn't make this a bad product, it just means have some tape handy and this is a quick and easy solution especially for podcasters who don't want to be limited to the USB microphones and don't want to shell out big money for a USB compatible mixer.
using it for recording vocals on home PC using Shure C606 mic. It is a big improvement over the mic to stereo in for sure.. There is no background noise which was very prevailant in the mic in method. The 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the gain. Even with the gain knob turned all the way up i still had to add gain from my software for the sound to be loud enough. But overall a great product.. do not regret buying it and would recommend it as well.
ive heard mixed reviews of this.. yeah it feels cheap... but so what?! just take care of it like you would anything like that! and it sounds perfect! i use it to record vocals on logic studio (i get others to sing, i cannot; but they sound amazing) ive had no problems with it and im super happy with the purchase. well worth the money!
Pros: Easy to use. Plug it in, set your levels and go! Works well with Condenser Mics. Has 48v Phantom Power. Runs solely off USB (No need for a wall wart).<br /><br />Cons: Very plastic. Feels like it could snap with the slightest bit of rough handling! I wouldn't try to plug it directly into a mic. Use an XLR cable. No headphone monitoring jack and quite a bit of latency when monitoring with a separate interface. I would not recommend it for Dynamic mics. I tried it with my Rode Procaster Dynamic Mic and could not get high enough levels without practically yelling into the mic. I also tried it with an old V-Tech handheld stage mic and levels were a little better, so dynamics with a higher line output might work better with it.<br /><br />Overall, it does what it's supposed to, but it could be a lot better. For about $30-40 more, you can get better interfaces with 2 mic inputs, but this one is nice for situations where running off of USB power is a must.
Simple, plug-in setup. Garageband recognizes it right away, as long as it's opened as first step, before plugging in Icicle. Nice, clean, "transparent" sound without much coloring with my Electrovoice stage mic. Depending upon your setup, you may have to crank up your inputs and headphone volumes to get comfortable levels.  Blue recommends plugging directly into computer. A great little device for the price!
Brought this product for recording a radio program from home. Along with the Behringer<br />C-1 microphone, provides a cost effective solution.
The level from this unit was hard to adjust, and when all was said and done, it was very low.
I have some nice mics round my place for video and thought I could use them to help my skype chats, and for the money it is amazing little USB device.
I was a little concerned after reader some of the reviews here, but the warranty, Blue's reputation, and Amazon customer service convinced me to give it a try. And in general, I'm pretty satisfied with it. Using it with one of my Oktava MK-301 microphones I get excellent sound, no hum, and so far, excellent reliability. I'm using it with Audacity and a few other programs, none of which have any difficulty recognizing it. There were some issues setting it up initially, and I'm a bit leery about the plastic construction, but for what I paid I think it's a good value. For those thinking of using it in field recording- stick it inside a carrying bag, and tape the cable to it to prevent stressing the USB connector. You shouldn't have any problems.
I have several different ways of connecting XLR microphones to my computers for use in webinars, and I thought this design would be simpler to transport and connect, but when I tried to use it with a Shure SM58 mic the volume it produced was about 25% of what I am used to, and was not adequate for my purpose.
I had this product for literally only a week, and had only used it one time. When trying to use it again I found that it wasn't sending the sound through. When I plug it into my PC, it recognizes it and the icicle lights up, and i select it as my recording device, but then when i actually try to record, it makes no sound at all (and i have tried moving the gain knob around so it's not that) This was a complete waste of money, unless there's an easy fix that i'm missing...
We've only had the Blue Icicle 1 week, but my daughter loves it, and is working with it every day.<br /><br />How good is it ?  My daughter is 18, and turned down $25,000 a year in scholarship money to Pepperdine's Music program as a coluratura soprano.  Her voice is so perfectly re-produced using a Shure 57 and the Icicle, that I can not tell when she sings and when she plays it back through the computer, an off-the-shelf Dell, using a pair of $30 JBL computer speakers for sound.<br /><br />The icicle is really good.<br /><br />Now they can replace the old TV commercial, from "Is it live, or is it Memorex ?"<br />to  "Is it live, or is it Blue ?"
It does record with ease and decent quality for the price. The only problem is it acts as a sound card and you can't record and listen to yourself at the same time without latency. This is a deal breaker for me. Blue microphones should add a headphone jack onto the interface so you don't have to listen to recordings through your computer and you can hear your recordings in real time.
Let's get this out of the way, first: Yes the case is made of thin flimsy plastic, and it doesn't look like it can handle drops to the floor.<br /><br />I'm using it with a Behringer ecm8000 mic and Real Time Analyzer (RTA) software (on my laptop running WindowsXP PRO SP3) to precisely tune notch filters and speaker crossover networks and it works perfectly.  Audio output sinewaves show up very clean and accurate under an oscilloscope, with peaks at 90 degrees (which is a good sign).  No hissing sounds at all, it's very quiet with a mic connected, high frequency-spectrum wise.  For the record, I bought a usb to Toslink output adapter to connect to the amplifier because integrated laptop/PC sound cards are usually noisy as hell.<br /><br />I think some people are using mics with very low sensitivity or crappy output sources (e.g. cheesy soundcards, amps, receivers or multimedia speakers), or even lousy, improperly shielded mic cables and blaming the unit, but who knows.  What I can safely say is, for the cheap price, the unit manages to produce an output that has a very high gain and runs virtually flat while covering the entire audio spectrum.<br /><br />WINDOW7 FUNCTIONALITY(updated):<br />At first, it didn't work with WINDOWS7 x64 Ultimate.  I kept getting a message about not being able to find a driver.  And at the time the Icicle website made no mention of Windows 7 compatibility (2 months later, they are saying it's compatible with XP, VISTA and Windows 7).  After nearly giving up, I found my old USB motorola cell phone charger cable lying around and noticed it had a similar mini-usb header to the that of the Icicle's.  I connected the Icicle using the motorola cable into my Windows 7 PC, and to my surprise it was recognized.  I actually got the idea when the Icicle began losing its USB connection (with the original cable) whenever I moved it around a lot.  Could it be the dinky looking USB cable included with the Icile causing intermittent disconnects or driver problems with Windows 7?  I'm really not sure at this point.  What I can say is that the Blue Icicle seems 100% reliable when used with the old Motorola USB cable.  Perhaps the Motorola cable makes better contact or has better shielding--who knows.  (I'm inclined to cut away the white insulation of the original Icicle cable just see if it's shielded to the USB's electrical ground source.  It wouldn't be the first time I find an unshielded USB cable.  Then again, it might be the mini-USB header causing the problem.)
this does not work on windows 7, tried reinstating software and to no surprise it din't work. This was a waste of time and money. Be aware of this issue.
This Icicle performs flawlessly with very good audio quality for my audio-technica cardiod condensor mic.  Took me a short while to figure out the little silver button on the side wasn't a button, but instead a rotational knob for setting the gain.  This device literally plugs into your USB port on a Mac, you adjust that knob, and your done.  You then can forget about the device and enjoy flawless audio performance out of your mic.  This beats the hell out of the more expensive FireWire solutions I had used before.
I have been using a standard XLR to USB cable with my Shure 58 dynamic mic, which works okay, except for an annoying hissing noise that accompanies the majority of my vocal recordings.  I bought the Icicle in hopes of eliminating those noise issues.<br /><br />When I received the Icicle, I couldn't wait to plug it in and take it for a "test" drive. Unfortunately, right off, I got an error - unable to load drivers.  This is a plug and play device, so there are no drivers to download, and I knew something wasn't right. After 3 restarts and uninstalling the USB Hubs and ports numerous times, as suggested by Icicle's troubleshooting website, it was still a no go.  I went to Icicle's website and logged a ticket, explaining the issues in detail and that I was running Windows 7.  The next day, I received an email instructing me to send the Icicle back, as it has a defective driver.  Amazon was GREAT about sending a replacement while the return was on its way.<br /><br />So, I received the replacement Icicle today, pulled it out of its packaging and with bated breath, plugged it in, hoping for success. No such luck - the same error message came up about the drivers. I decided to Google my issue:  "Icicle compatibility with Windows 7", and Bam!, it took me to a Guitar Center review of the Icicle that CLEARLY shows in the product specifications that it is NOT compatible with Windows 7.<br /><br />Amazon needs to get on the ball and add this to their information.  It is nowhere in Amazon's description and the Icicle "techs" themselves didn't have a clue about it either. I found this inadequacy with the blue mic technical team to be unacceptable.  They probably have non-technical CSRs pretending to be techs for all their troubleshooting. That's one way to save a dime, but please people - if you're going to give us "technical support", then say so.  If it isn't really technical support, then say it is Customer Service.<br /><br />I am terribly disappointed that this device has not been upgraded to accommodate the newer technologies.  Windows 7 has been out for some time now.  There is no indication in the little mini booklet that comes in the Icicle package that says Windows 7 is incompatible -it only gives set-up info for Mac and Windows (does not show which OS).  I am sending my Icicle back to Amazon for a refund and will need to look for something that WILL work with Windows 7.<br /><br />If you have a PC that was purchased in 2011 or later, save yourself the hassle and don't bother with this product, as your OS will more than likely be Windows 7.
Picked one up to use with a laptop running Windows 7 Home Premium.  The computer saw the item, but said it needed troubleshooting.  Nothing worked.  After researching online, I found that many people had run into this problem.  Apparently, the firmware is not compatible with Windows 7; it's supposedly been corrected in newer runs, but there's no way to tell if the one you're purchasing is newer or not.  I tried contacting Blue, twice, hoping to get a firmware update, or check into exchanging it, but never got a response from both attempts, so I finally just had to return it.
I have now owned this product for over a year and it is still going strong. I mainly use it for voice overs for YouTube videos, Skype calls, and recording music. It all works great.<br /><br />When I first received it in the mail, I simply opened it, plugged it in, and it worked. As simple as that. There were no drivers, no installation, and no updates. I just plugged my XLR condenser microphone into the Icicle and the Icicle to the USB on my computer and it was immediately recognized as a USB mic.<br /><br />This product was WAY lighter than I expected and feels rather cheap. However, that is not really an issue because the product works great. And the blue glow that lights up when you plug it in adds some nice visual appeal.<br /><br />The knob is also useful, as it allows you to control the sensitivity of the mic.<br /><br />Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this product, as it is plug and play. Very simple, and it just works.
I'll add to the growing list of reviews here regarding the Windows 7 "USB Audio Device" error.  I figured I had a 50% chance of it working.  It didn't.  Windows 7 insists on loading a USB driver that doesn't work.  There is a review here giving details on how to possibly circumvent this loading process, however, that did not work for me.  Its easier to return this thing, than spend my whole weekend jerking around in Windows 7 hardware manager.<br /><br />Blue probably has a good product here, and probably blames Windows for this issue.  However, BLUE should provide a driver that works.  Don't rely on Windows to do this.  That is corporate laziness.  Spend some resources on programming something that works for Windows 7... make it available on your support website, and make it true plug and play.  Not plug and cross-fingers, then spend hours messing around in the weeds of Windows settings.<br /><br />Also agree with other reviews here... in the 2 days I spent with this product... it's all plastic parts, feels cheap and fragile, and the gain button is poorly thought out.<br /><br />Hey Blue... you had my business... then you lost me.  I'm moving on to something else.
I use this with my Audio Technica condensor. Works great for home recordings hooked up to garageband on macbook pro for rough recordings. Its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. It's not bulky which is a nice.
This people is a must have especially to take xlr over to usb it provides un  interrupted audio flow during recording and provides phantom power. Great invention !
This thing works instantly. You plug in your mic and plug the usb into your computer. It will light up, then you adjust the sound to what is audible. It can get pretty loud. I was intimidated at first when contemplating the purchase because of the low price; but it has done everything I needed it for. The other preamp models I was looking at were near $200.<br /><br />The only "downside" to this is that it looks plastic. I don't consider it a con because the look doesnt really matter.
purchased and it came looking new, as i had bought it NEW, but it was actually damaged.<br />customer service with the actual company is awful--as i needed to contact the company itself to return it.
The Icicle is an excellent product, works as advertised. I think it's the easiest way to attach a quality mic directly to your computer.<br />the icicle is a fine "Plug & Play" mic interface.
Going from the $600 Digidesign Mbox to this $15 tube made me feel like I got back at Digidesign for screwing all of us who had XP computers that they refused to support after we bought their over-priced gear for recording voice overs.<br />I could wish that the Blue Ice converter was made of heavier materials and came with a CS department that one could reach. But, for $15... well, 'nough said.
Used it a couple of times over the course of a month, and it worked great! Third time, high pitched noise, and no mic signal coming through. Not too surprising, given how flimsy this thing feels. This is apparently a known issue, just look at other 1-star reviews of this product. 'Nuff said!
This product has worked since the first day I have had it. Tremendous buy for me. I needed my mic to go directly into the computer. Thanks.
Bought this because i didnt want to pay 100 plus for the alternative. Found it to be extremely reliable. Very crisp sound with little to no background noise. Before i bought it other reviews stated it seemed a bit cheap. I disagree, though i do find it to be a bit bulky for it's function. I did drop and break it once, but it  was completely my fault. After breaking it, i contacted customer service, and it was replaced very rapidly. The company's website was easy to navigate, and rather amusing.
I wanted to like this product, as it would have been a fast and easy solution for many of my needs, but it didn't work well at all.  Very noisy.  Lots of hissing and pops that are completely absent when using the same mics and computers with other adapter devices.  Considering the decent reviews by others, I may just have a defective unit.  Either way... it's going back in the mail today.
I bought this before I purchased the MXL Micmate. It is plastic, and very cheaply made. I felt like it would break very easily, and would not be something that would last me a while. So then I bought the Micmate. It is solid metal, and is way better sound quality than this. I beg you to buy that over the Icicle. Buy the MXL used (Like New) from "TheMintMovieMan", a great seller and it is a great product. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VZ8WC2">MXL MICMATEC XLR To USB Preamp for Condenser Microphones</a>
I don't write reviews at all but I'm just going to say that this is a very decent product to buy if you're not looking to spend hundreds of dollars on a mixer, phantom power supply, and pre-amp for XLR mic recording. Because guess what this little thing has it all in one all for a low price! Cop you one!
"Patrick" gave a spot on explanation of everything, just in different uses. Personally, I use it vocally, and acoustically and it has worked perfectly in every way, however, either something is lacking in craftsmanship or  i find my ability to adjust by feel is a little more connected to using numbers instead of blanks. I found the quality just like Patrick said. I too think it "feels almost fragile;" And, "I also used...a mic cable" because for me, that seemed the most sensible solution because I didn't really need it to move it. So, I mounted the connection to my desk; And now I move it very little. Aside from the "no dial or indicators for how far you have turned it," on the gain knob, i think it would be awesome if they just threw in some molded heavy something to give it some weight for setting on your desk. That would make it secure and you would feel like it had a little better quality in craftsmanship. Hey maybe even give the connector itself a littl weight to stay put. Anyways, great product but I guess, "Thats what... he said?..." Regardless,<br /><br />Pros: Does what it says. Get it if you need it. Its at an amazing price compared to the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PPXFAG">Shure X2U XLR-to-USB Signal Adapter</a> version. This, however, is fantastic for people saving for a new Presonus interface like me.<br /><br />Cons: Craftsmanship appears lacking.
Plugged direct into windows and controlled via ustream.tv software interface - this worked well, (although we needed a little more gain - obtainable by using better software - cubase, garage band etc), as an interim setup before we could get a more pro level interface for more than one mic etc.  Nice!<br />It feels a bit flimsy construction wise - but we were not going to take it on the road!
I use this to record in GarageBand on my MacBook. It works unfailingly and sounds as good as it should considering my primitive setup. I love the level knob and the quality construction. If you read the instructions and use it correctly, this tool is invaluable.
This product works. If you are only looking to do vocals this is a good product. So far I've had it a few months with no experience of sound distortion or loss of power. Its great if you don't want to go to the trouble of figuring out how to use a mixer. I've been told a pre-amp is better but it seems to work alright for me and my MXL 67G.
I've purchased a few of these, and they are very reliable. I've used them with Win7 and OS X. The A/D quality is acceptable for most needs. The limited bit depth and sample rate are probably the only drawbacks.
I was really worried when I ordered this that the phantom power would make it overheat, apparently I was worried for nothing! I use this paired with a Blue Yeti Pro, a seriously beefy microphone, running over shielded cable that is about eighty feet away, It's absolutely great!<br /><br />The one downside that I have seen from this piece of kit: It will occasionally not register as a USB device, Granted I only have seen it happen once, but you will always want to double check your connections!
Cheap and works well the only thing is the gain on it is a little low even at highest setting. Other than that ir records well and does what it needs to.
Never really intended to use this in a professional setting so the noise issue is not that big of a deal. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. 15 to 20 dollars, then sure. Still, it's an OK product.
it is what is is... and it did the job that it was made for. lasts long if u take care of it but is easily out grown when just starting ur own studion
I create language teaching materials for a living on both PCs and Macs. Not only do I care about the sound quality of audio recordings for voice, but I record a lot of music as well. For work I that I do at home, I bought the Blue Microphones Icicle to use with high quality condenser mics. Before buying I read lots of reviews here and some others online.<br /><br />When the Icicle arrived, it worked fine right of the bat. Since then I have recorded hours and hours of audio on it, using both PCs and Macs. Not once have I had any problems with the product.
Perfect tool for any musicians trying to make recording much easier at an affordable price.<br />Easy to open plastic case, medium sized, durable (People have said that the plastic body feels cheap<br />and feels easy to break but it's not true. The Icicle's plastic body feels durable and won't break if<br />you're not clumsy with it or break it on purpose). I only wished that the "Gain Control" had numbers or indications<br />of levels so I can turn the knob to the correct position for recording and remember it instead of guessing all the time. Sound quality is FLAWLESS! No buzzing noises or anything picked up really...just nice crispy sound recorded through a good quality microphone is all I hear. I hear no difference in it with an Icicle or a Mixer
This product works just as advertised!! Guitar center told me the only way to connect my mic to my computer was either an expensive converter box or a usb mic. A-HOLES haha. I love this little gizmo and would definitely recommend it to a friend!!
I bought the ICICLE because I have been doing a lot of hip-hop vocals and I was using a Samson C01U and the thing with that Mic you can get close to studio but with so much work and you can always tell that you messed with it alot.<br /><br />Well I always wanted to buy a expensive Mic but didnt want to spend $200 more on a USB Pre-Amp so I see this on here the other day and went to Guitar Center and after deciding for a while I went with it. I also already had a MXL V-88 which is a pretty high end condenser mic, although now you can find it for cheap but original RSPV=$700 and average selling price after it being out was $349-400. But I am very happy.<br /><br />I use Reaper to record vocals with a ASIO driver (AND IT DOES WORK WITH MY ASIO DRIVER) someone put in their comment that it doesnt. For those of you that arnt familure with ASIO it is a driver/program that runs and samples your audio going in, you basically use it with anything that is MIDI or MIDI/MIC to USB. It makes your audio not lag and sound more professional. Also for the people that said the volume was too low, go into Sound in windows and turn the mic up a little, I keep mine on 5%. Also your recording program will let you turn up while your monitoring the record or after.<br /><br />GO AHEAD AND BUY ONE!
I'm glad i came across the blue icicle (on amazon othere prices where 60 or more) before i went on to buy a mic, preamp and source for phantom power. I literally got i all in one at a verrryyy low price. Good bargain. i recomend it for anyone with a home studio and deff go buy a xlr cable. plugging a mic deirectly into it wont work so well.
A great tool for low budget home recording. I mic every track to Audacity. I use a low budget dynamic mic and the Icicle gives the right boost for PC recording. I keep the gain at 90 to 100 percent and do volume control on the PC.<br />I see some complaints out there about durability. Keep in mind it is a piece of computer hardware like a modem or an external hard drive, NOT something that you would use onstage or throw into a gig bag. Another plus is no drivers or setup. That's important to me when I get home from work and want to record a tune. Just plug it in and go!
I needed the Icicle to provide better audio quality for recordings I was doing on my PC. I wanted to use my high quality XLR mic for this purpose and found that the Icicle provided far better performance than any other USB mic that I currently owned. I didn't have any problem with the trim pod on the Icicle as reported by a previous review so maybe Blue Mic has corrected that issue.<br /><br />I have and do recommend this to anyone that wants to use their current XLR mic on their PC. The product is great and the price is right.
Great price for what you are getting.  Recording via a USB port ROCKS!!!! The only thing that could maybe be improved is the durability.  It feels like a toothpick in your hand.  It may be more durable than it feels, but I'm still going to be very careful with it.  But, for the price this is only a minor gripe.  Great product, I would recommend it to anyone.
Works well.  It is slightly lighter than expected, but the quality of the sound is excellent.
I used the icicle for about two hours. After taking a break, I plug it in and my laptop wont recognize it. I did everything I could think of to fix this, even hours of searching google. Nothing. In the process of a return. =/ It would've been perfect if it just worked.
It works reasonably well with condenser microphones.  With dynamics the hum exceeds the signal.  Works with Windows, not with Linux.  The build is very cheap.  Anything more than $5 for this is too much.
Muy buen producto. por su tama&ntilde;o, uno lo puede llevar a culquier lado junto con su laptop y hacer culquier grabaci&oacute;n, en cualquier momento. Antes de tener este producto, tuve muchos problemas con la entrada de audio en mi mac, pero con el icicle por fin pude tener una entrada decente para cualquier micr&oacute;fono. Hasta el momento no genera ruidos de ning&uacute;n tipo y la calidad es impresionante para algo tan simple.
I bought this device and use a brand new sure 52 with it.<br /><br />The noise and feedback I received with this device was horrible - I might have a bad unit.<br /><br />When I called customer service, a real person answered right away and offered to expedite getting me a new unit. (Very cool and is why I gave them 3 stars for now)<br /><br />I'll see how that process goes and update my review.
Bought it thinking this would plug into the Wii and I would be able to use my condenser microphone with it. Well, long story short, doesnt work. But it is still usable with a PC/laptop to record audio. But we can do that with a builtin mic also. Would u like to pay 1$ towards the presidential election?
Shipping: Ordered on a Sunday of Week 1.  Placed in box on a Friday of Week 2. Received it Wednesday of Week 3. Whoever's responsible for shipping (Amazon or Blue) took their sweet time to drop it in this 8"x5" box.<br /><br />Product: Currently testing the converter with a Shure PG58. Gain is incredibly low and a annoying tone when recording. I do believe the product is in working condition; too bad I have to figure out how to edit the hardware properly.
I ordered this item on March 22nd.  I expect to get its replacement from the people at Blue sometime today.  So, what's a month, anyway?  The first one that came from Amazon had a constant, high-pitched tone.  I emailed, then called Blue, and eventually spoke to a pleasant tech support guy who was aware of the problem. He allowed that the company had shipped out a number of units with this defect.  That's always good to hear.  So, several emails later, I received a Return Merchandise Authorization, and shipped it right back to them.  Who knows, if this one works, maybe I'll like it.  Blue's products look good, but they make a strong case for buying locally.
This product is excellent for the group of people who have Celiac disease.  A tasty treat for Sunday brunch. The only problem I have, is the cost, but<br />as we all know, being saddled with Celiac disease is not cheap.
So life with a gluten allergy can sometimes seem unfair; however, once bisquick started making this product, things got a lot more equal. It tastes like Bisquick. It works like Bisquick. Hey, it is Bisquick. It just happens to be gluten-free. Perfect pancakes! Enough said.
Finally a gluten free mix that tastes great! I have used this mix over and over and I have never been disappointed. It works just the way the regular mix works and it has opened up a whole new world for me. I thought I would never be able to find a mix that I like, but this one I love. I am excited about trying all the fun things I can do with it. Even cookies!
The first time we cracked open a box of Bisquick Gluten Free and made a batch of pancakes, I was surprised. They were DELICIOUS! Perhaps the best pancakes I've ever had. We did make a couple modifications from the box recipe. Instead of using oil, we use the same amount of melted butter. And we add fresh blueberries to each pancake as it's cooking. Then, serve with whipped cream. So great! I'm looking forward to trying some of the other recipes with this, including pizza crust.
I really like it when my wife makes anything from her Betty Crocker cookbook, so I know when we got the gluten free pancakes that they would be good.  They are not overly dry like some of the other brands of gluten free pancakes.<br /><br />We usually have them with earth balance butter spread, and sliced bananas or sliced strawberries, chopped pecans or walnuts and maple syrup.  They are great.
A few years ago, going Gluten Free was really difficult. I missed the basic things I loved to eat and pancakes were certainly one of them. I tried other mixes but the batters were very dry and required items to moisten them such as fruit, etc. But Bisquick's GF pancake mix was surprisingly good! It is a great alternative to the real thing. Certainly all of us Gluten Sensitives out there know it will never be that delicious stack of buttermilk pancakes like we once knew, but I'm happy to know there's a great alternative. :)
This replaces many of other brands of Pizza crust mix, cake mix, foccaccia and more.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that it is slightly pricey, but that is an issue of living gluten free.  Enjoy and be creative with it.
As far as gluten free products this is awesome.  I use it as a substitute for any recipe that asks for flour.  It makes great pumpkin waffles.
Finally-a Gluten Free Pancake product! Pancakes not to bad, taste like regular Bisquick. the batter is just right, not too heavy pancakes. this was a good price compared to local grocers.
This is a very versital product!!!! Love it. My husband must eat gluten free and my kids prefer pancakes made with this!
My son who has Celiacs LOVES the pancakes you can make from these, and so do I...and I will eat them, even though I don't need to eat GF! Highly recommend!
I have now served Gluten Free Bisquick Pancake and Waffle Mix to several of our friends and relatives. I usually make waffles and have even done a taste test with regular Bisquick and 5 people. Everyone liked gluten free best!  I am so happy that I can buy it on Amazon as it is twice as much in the grocery stores.  Thank you for carrying this great product.<br />Alice Miller, Modesto, CA
After searching many local stores to find this product I ordered it via Amazon.  I took the advice of other reviewers & ordered the 3 pack.  I've only made pancakes w/ it, but they are delicious.  Some complain that they are bland.  I always add a little something to flavor my pancakes.  A few drops of vanilla & a sprinkle of cinnamon had these pancakes tasting wonderful!  My 2 yr old loved them.  I highly recommend you try the GF Bisquick.
I've been gluten-free for a little over a year and I've struggled with finding tasty and affordable alternatives to my favorite foods. The great thing about this mix is that it's really easy to make, affordable, and the pancakes are so tasty, my children do not object to eating them--saving me the time of making two batches of pancakes. If they didn't see me eating them, I don't even think my kids would notice that they are eating gluten-free pancakes.
Been gluten free for 7 years now. Thought we were done with mixes that tasted awful.  We threw it away because we did not like it. For my money, you can't beat Pamela's baking mix. But, the Betty Crocker chocolate chips are the BEST! So, don't give up Betty Crocker, just work on this one!
Wow... it's delicious!<br />The kids Love it!<br />We made it for breakfast this morning... the pancakes were eaten in no time at all!<br />The only complaint was that there wasn't more!<br />(actually, it was disappointing that the boxes weren't bigger)
The first time I tried this product to make pancakes, I thought it was terrible.  I made it according to the directions and used the "right" measuring cups for liquid and dry ingredients, but found that the batter came out thin and the texture was gummy.  Then, one day when I was visiting my mother, she decided to make pancakes, and since I am GF, she had bought this mix for me (not knowing I had already hated it).  I saw that she measured the ingredients "incorrectly" as she used the same measuring cup (generally used to measure liquids) for both the dry and the liquid ingredients.  She also used a whisk to mix the ingredients.  Amazingly enough, the pancakes came out fluffy, and I really liked it.  In fact, it is my favorite gluten free pancake mix so far.  Having said that, both my husband and I are of the opinion that this product still has a bit of the gritty texture that is present in many gf products.  However, it is the best pancake mix that I have found so far.
Best bisquick pancakes I've ever made!  I think these are better than the original Bisquick pancakes.  My husband even loved these!  I would recommend buying this product!
You won't find a better gluten free pancake mix out there.  As a matter of fact, I much prefer these gluten free pancakes to regular pancakes (and I buy them for my husband).  I love bisquick for this product!
When I found GF Bisquik in the stores, I was happy. When I found it on Amazon with a good price as a subscription, I was thrilled. Our daughter lives in Texas and is gluten intolerant so I mail her items on a regular basis. This has become a staple in her kitchen. Anything you can make with regular Bisquik you can adapt using this. So now she makes cookies, pancakes and biscuits to her heart's content. Taste and texture of items made with it are good.
It makes good tasting gluten free food... but... like most gluten free food, it's expensive and it's got a slight grit to it. I've made biscuits, waffles, and pancakes with it... a friend made some awesome banana bread with it. it's very good for gluten free...
It's great! I actually used this to make gf donuts the other day. I love how convenient it is. It's so hard being gluten free so this is god sent for how many things you can make with this. I have celiacs and I haven't had any sort of negative reaction to this. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who can't have gluten but still wants things like pancakes and waffles and donuts and other fun things.
The first brand of GF pancake mix I attempted was Bob's Red Mill and I loved it. I went to the store to try to find it again and this was all they had so I tried it. It's... okay. I'm egg-free too and used mushed banana instead, so maybe that contributed to the slight mushy texture but I made a batch of egg ones for my in-laws and they said it was a bit mushy too.<br /><br />It's not horrible, but I prefer BRM brand personally.
We use this mix for pancakes and waffles and it's perfect. We have had a terrible time finding a good all purpose flour that is gluten free (the popular brands taste terrible!) so we tend to use this pancake mix as a base for a lot of our recipes--- including breading for baked chicken and other things. It's definitely best as a pancake mix of course, but using it as a starting point for baking has helped us find "normal" tasting gluten free baked foods. :)
I recently went gluten free and this is one of my favorite mixes.  I used it for biscuits and pancakes and it's very good.  You can also use it for pizza dough and to make fried chicken - it's about average for that.
I could not believe how great this mix tasted...it's like eating the regular one.  It came out soooooo good, fluffy and delicious!!!!!
I find it hard to express how pleased I was to find Bisquick in a gluten free form.  I have tried countless recipes using mixtures of rice, and potato flour and none of them tasted good.  The Bisquick bisquits are delicious, but unfortunatly I couldn't make satisfactory dumplings with the mix.
My son loves these pancakes. Much healthier alternative to the original. I am excited to try the other recipes soon.
If you only knew....<br /><br />Bisquick Gluten Free(GF) is by far one of the best options out there for people with Celiac or Sensitivity to Gluten.<br />I honestly don't know how healthy it is for you. What I do know it that it is a great option for people trying<br />to eat as normal as possible. This GF option has been a great meal saver for my wife who this last year was diagnosed<br />with Celiac and got sick in tired of tasting gross tasting GF options or super simple meat and vegetables options for meals.<br /><br />We have made all types of breakfast items, biscuits, even fried food (chicken tenders, mozzarella sticks, fried fruit,...) We bout our own little frier<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0016NQ49Q/ref=as_li_ss_til?tag=talkinhome-20&camp=0&creative=0&linkCode=as4&creativeASIN=B0016NQ49Q&adid=0XK6HZPJRKAED855HEWP<br /><br />In short, It has not only been a great option, but also has been quite tasty allowing my wife to make one meal for both of us not worrying that<br />it will taste bad to me.<br /><br />Hope this was helpful.
I find it really hard to believe this is GF because it tastes better than any GF product I've EVER had. I made waffles with it this morning and I didn't even want butter or syrup! It was THAT amazing! I want proof that this truly GF...
This is a great product for us gluten free people.  We use it for everything....From pancakes, waffles, to cookies, scones, cooking.
So grateful for this!! What an amazing mix. It can be used to make some of the best gluten free products out there. What a break through for us gluten free individuals who miss REAL mixes. Some of the other ones on the market just dont do the trick like this does :)
I've tried many gluten free products on the market and this is by far the easiest and more yummiest product yet!!  Thank you Betty Crocker!!!
Thank you thank you thank you.....I have an intolerance for Gluten and Bisquick is my hero. I have tried some of those other packed product and invested in loads of ingredients to make my own mix but "Bisquick" has saved me from myself. Again thank you thank you thank you
My children can not have wheat, gluten, soy, dairy, eggs...  It is very hard to find products that they can have.  We use this for pancakes, pizza crust, cakes.  Basically we just use it in place of flour.  It is so nice to be able to buy Bisquick in the grocery stores now; however it is much cheaper through Amazon!
I was hoping Bisquick got it right when they released this product, but they missed their mark.<br /><br />I made both biscuits and dumplings (chicken & Dumplings). The biscuits came out okay but the flavor was bland. The dumplings were fluffy but not very flavorful and turned hard after a day or two.
My husband is gluten intolerant and as with all gluten free products out there the results are not always the best.  He loves this product and since I only really make the pancakes I can't say how the other Bisquick recipes would turn out for any of you.  And yes he has this texture and taste thing with gluten free products as well...  gritty, sandy or off tasting.... etc. etc...  So I am happy he likes this one!  With gluten free products you really have to test them out one by one as some perform in the taste and texture area better than other blends.  My advice to anyone searching for gluten free products they want to try that it is best to buy them in the single packages, if possible.  I know on Amazon they sell them in bulk but if you find that you don't like it you are then stuck with alot of packages you no longer want!  Just a tip for all of you out there.  It may cost more for one package but the waste will be much less unless you donate them to the local food bank...  Good product and great results!  Thank you, Bisquick!
I like the Bisquick, it works great in a variety of uses. Wish it came in a bigger box, the recipes are good on the box though.
Neither myself nor my husband can have any type of corn products, but we love cornbread.  This mix makes biscuits that taste just like corn bread to us.  Nice to find an alternative that tastes so great!  Appreciate having this order size option as well since it's often missing from grocery store shelves.
I love this!  Such a great product for all us gluten free folks!  It works the same as the regular Bisquick. Their website has tons of gf recipes too!  This makes delicious pancakes and 'magic crust' pies. Yummy!
This is great as a pancake mix.  It almost has a corn texture to it.  I rate everything by if my son will eat it.  He is super picky and loves the pancakes.  I tried making biscuits with the mix that didn't turn out very well but as far as pancakes it rocks.
Great taste, texture, flavor, and works well with any recipe! Wonderful pricing, too! Gluten free products are so expensive normally! Definitely recommend this!
I received this item on time.  The packaging was great.  The gluten free Bisquick is a great addition to our gluten free pantry.
I was disappointed when I tried this pancake mix. Before going gluten free, Bisquick was our go-to pancake mix, so I had high expectations for the gluten free mix. The texture was a little weird. Soft and dry. I prefer the Pamela pancake mix over this one.
I first discovered "Gluten Free Biscuit" in the supermarket.  I bought it and loved it.  I then tried to find it again in all the local supermarkets, but could not find it.  I called the manufacturer and they informed me that I could purchase it at Amazon.  I was thrilled. Amazon is one of my favorite web sites.
I had no idea there was a gluten free Bisquick mix..I made pancakes and they were great and the tea cakes also...
Bisquick has made a wonderful gluten free product.  From pancakes to biscuits and everything in between are light and fluffy! Garlic and Cheddar or Cinnamon and sugar is a great addition.
In trying to eat a little healthier I'm reducing my gluten intake (gluten/wheat may not be the best for arthritis/inflammation) so I gave this gluten free Bisquick a try. Surprisingly, I was pretty impressed with the flavor which to me tastes almost as good as regular Bisquick.<br /><br />I followed a reviewer's suggestion to let the batter sit for about 15 minutes after adding just the milk; the batter looked better and was a nicer consistency after the resting time. It was a little hard to get all the lumps out of the batter though and because I have limited GF experience I wasn't sure whether further stirring would gum it up so I left some lumps in and they dissolved while cooking.<br /><br />The texture of the cooked pancakes was very SLIGHTLY gritty. Makes pancakes a little thinner than with regular Bisquick however thick enough that I'd say they are just right. See photo added.<br /><br />I used a cast iron griddle to make the pancakes, which made them barely crisp outside and nice tender inside - *very* good!!!<br /><br />The taste is close to regular Bisquick but a little more "plain" - I use real maple syrup and sometimes preserves and with either of the two toppings, I had a very good, very tasty short stack.<br /><br />My only quibble is that this mix is a little pricey but I'd rather buy this mix than other GF products I've tried that are just as pricey and don't taste nearly as good.
I love pancakes, so giving up gluten was hard for me.  I've used Bisquick for pancakes for years with great results.  Alas, the best I got from the Gluten-Free version was edible, but not enjoyable.  It tasted a lot like pillow foam, not in a good way.  I will probably keep the mix for breading things, but not for pancakes.  I've found much better options.
I have this on auto ship because I use it so much. I have gone to every grocery in AZ and the cheapest place is Amazon! This is a great product and whatever you make using this flour will taste great. My son has Celiac and is allergic to gluten. I have tried every pancake mix and this one is the one I settled for!
This is a product that is delicious and easy to use. I made the pancakes with buttermilk and the recipe on the box just said milk. The buttermilk helped make the pancakes light and fluffy. I am a little disappointed that the box will only make one recipe that calls for two cups of the mix. I doubled my recipe for the pancakes which made 14<br />4 inch pancakes.  The recipe says it makes 10 pancakes with 1 cup of the mix. Those 10 pancakes must be silver dollar size.  I am looking forward to making the biscuits so I will have to open a second box to have enough mix. The recipe calls for eggs for biscuits and I never used eggs in my regular biscuits.  I am wondering if buttermilk would make these biscuits rise sufficiently? I have family members who can't eat eggs or milk so I must adapt recipes for them. It is a product I would purchase again. However, I used Subscribe and Save on Amazon and the time to receive the product was really long in my opinion--ordered Nov. 19th received Dec. 2nd. I know Thanksgiving was in the midst of that time period but I thought I would have received the product before Thanksgiving. I will try Subscribe & Save one more time to see if all things are so slow.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
These tasted so good! I was surprised because I have heard so many negative things about glutten free bread products. I would eat these by choice, not because I have to.
This mix makes GREAT belgian waffles.  We tried biscuits and pancakes and we do far better form scratch with a standard GF flour.  It does make seriously great waffles though, and we go GF/DF on these.  The waffles freeze extremely well and reheat in the toaster quite nicely.
We've tried Pamela's (second best), Bob's Red Mill and King Arthur's Gluten Free flour mixes.  For pancakes, waffles, breading, pie crusts, biscuits and dumplings, Bisquick has been the most reliable performer.  We whole heartedly recommend it for those who bake at home but need to avoid gluten!!
I found this product in a local Walmart, after trying vainly to find bread that i liked that is gluten free.  (Stay away from the Ener-G brand, in my opinion)<br /><br />I have been gluten free for 3 weeks now, and seriously craving bread products.  I made some pancakes this morning from this product, and wow!!  very tasty, very light, I needed to thin them a bit more to have them spread correctly, but, this was the first real carb product that was "bread like" that I have eaten in 3 weeks.  Needless to say, I ate too many, and now have a carb headache!  :)<br /><br />Seriously though, this product, used in moderation, may help you not miss your gluten products quite as much.  I look forward to making bisquits and some of the other recipes on the box.<br />Way to go on this product, -it strikes a home run in the gluten free market.
I made delicious banana pancakes last week using this product and over the weekend, remade a family favorite from years ago, Chicken and Dumplings, which was on the Betty Crocker Website under GF.  We couldn't tell the difference between the GF and regular mix in the dumpling results.  I made the recipe from scratch for six, using chicken breasts and thighs simmered till tender in chicken broth, baby carrots, celery, cut green beans, onion and seasonings and stirred up some white gravy to pour over the dish before serving.  Husbie loved it.
I use this to quickly make gluten/egg/dairy free pancakes.  I use rice milk and EngerG egg replacer to make pancakes. They taste pretty good and are a good snack to make for later and store in the fridge.  They're especially good w/either apple butter or peanut butter on them besides the usual maple syrup!
This stuff is pretty solid. Makes a decent enough pancake for being GF and makes a solid biscuit as well. What we have found works best is taking this mix and using it half and half with the Chebe mix. Between the two it makes for a very nice flour mix. The Chebe is good but on its own tends to be a little squishy, but when you mix it with the bisquick, the bit of squishiness gives the dryer Bisquick the fluffiness and moistness it needs. So, I recommend this, but I would HIGHLY recommend getting some Chebe too and cutting the Bisquick with it. Also, even though this mix has leavening agents in it, when we use recipes that call for leavening agents we add them anyway, it tends to turn out better this way.
I run a small bed and breakfast, and bought this product so I could prepare recipes for my guests that have a Gluten Allergy and they love it.  There are many recipes on the box, and even more on their website.  Quick,Easy, Inexpensive, what more could anyone ask for.
I have so many food allergies it's ridiculous! I am so happy that they made this product and that is available at a decent price. I was able to expand my meal plans and make stuff I thought I couldn't have anymore. I made a pizza with my family all in town using this and then a pizza using a different crust and the whole family liked my bisquick crust better. They said it was lighter and had more taste! I really enjoy finding things that make my crazy diet easier to deal with. Thank you thank you thank you.
Love this product!  Gluten free products have come a long way. Easy to use. Great for all your breakfast and baking needs!
This product is great for pancakes. For baked goods I blend Bisquick (2/3 part) with Pamela's bread mix (1/3 part) for great gluten-free/dairy-free treats. The bread mix makes it less crumbly.
This product has helped our friend to be able to eat again.  She is going to college and finding things to eat has been hard. For her, we send her a supply every month so now she can make her own food and not get sick!
You won't miss your old waffle/pancake mix when using this wonderful product.  I mix it with oatmeal in most cases and it makes wonderful waffles.  Pretty easy to give up gluten with this mix.
It is good. I prefer the taste of baking mixes from scratch, but for store bought, it's pretty good. Much cheaper in local grocery stores. Under $5 per box at my local stores in Chicagoland area.
Due to health issues, my husband is newly required to eat a gluten free diet. He acted as if he was on death row. Finding this product has help immensely. I can make him pancakes with fresh fruit and he doesn't feel he is being unfairly punished. Also, my neighbor was faced with a similar circumstance. I shared one of the boxes with her and she is now a fan! <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
I have only had this once as banana pancakes so I'm not sure how it tastes without fruit, but it was the best pancake I've had in a long time.  Thank you for making a Gluten Free Bisquick, I will try biscuits with it next!
We use gluten free Bisquick to make coated baked chicken, waffles, pancakes, biscuits, chicken pot pie.  There are many recipes available to make quick easy meals.  We really like it.  Everyone can eat it instead of just making a gluten free meal for the one person who is gluten free. Reasonably priced for gluten free.
My daughter has been GF for about 4 years now. We have discovered that if the main ingredient is rice flour, it usually isn't any good. It is usually grainy. This isn't the case with this product. It makes fantastic pancakes (the rest of the family would eat them). She didn't like the biscuits so we won't make those again.  We used it to make corn dogs and the entire family (and a friend) ate them. No one even noticed. Everyone LOVED them.<br /><br />Amazon has since taken this off of the Subscribe and Save. I am so mad. I hope they put it back on soon.
I really love this product, I think it is a great overall flour replacement in your kitchen but I just felt the size was a bit small. I would have really loved to see the box be larger, I think there are three cups total in the box. Overall the product is amazing though. Everything I've made with it has come out wonderfully and all of the recipes online via Bisquick's website are easy to follow and come out very good. I'd highly recommend this product to anyone. My favorite things to make are the biscuits, I add a little cheddar to them to make them oh so good and the apple "pie" which is more like a coffee cake but good either way! Give it a shot if you are GF!
Finally a great and easy GF option for pancakes, waffles, biscuits, etc from Bisquick!! Both of my kids have Celiac and absolutley LOVE this stuff.  Wish the container was bigger. But we're just happy to have better tasting options for breakfast now. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.  Can't taste a difference, but the rest of the family uses the cheaper stuff.
Thanks to the Betty Crocker people for this GF option. It makes great pancakes and shortcakes for strawberries too. My onlycomplaint is I wish the box was bigger.
I was so happy to find this product when it was first released! I had used regular Bisquick for years before being diagnosed with Celiac Disease. This is just as versatile as the original- pancakes, biscuits, dumplings, etc! My family's favorie is the pancakes, they are light and fluffy and have a lovely crispness to the outside.<br /><br />My only reason for not awarding this 5 stars is the size of the box, it is small. My family of 4 uses the entire box for Saurday morning pancakes. The box makes approximately 3 (small) batches of pancakes, we freeze the extra in single servings for weekday breakfasts. I'd love to see Bisquick release a larger box but until then I'll continue ordering the 3-pack! <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
I really love this mix as the pancakes are so soft and fluffy. Could not tell that they were gluten free. I also made carrot muffins with it and they turned out good.
I grew up eating Bisquik, so finding a gluten-free version of the quintessential baking mix was wonderful.  However, a 16 ounce box only makes two batches of pancakes!  I would love it if the GF Bisquik could be made in a box size like the conventional Bisquik - especially since my family eats up the pancakes this makes even more than the regular ones.
Due to my kid's food allergies I had to substitute eggs with ground flax with water, and 2 cups instead of one of rice milk, and some olive oil. Made great tasty pancakes!
I do a lot of "from scratch" gluten free cooking but there is nothing that can replace Bisquick. From the ease of morning pancakes to using it in other reciepes in place of other mixes there is simply nothing that I cannot do with this little box.
I was really surprised when I tried this product because I found it to be a really light & fluffy batter. So don't think gluten free means flavorless, this Bisquick Pancake Mix will have you building up stacks of fluffy pancakes for your family. It's so nice that these are healthier for you, diabetic friendly and still manage to taste great too!
This gluten free& milk free product is awesome! I am able to use almond milk in it instead of regular milk. It is great to have such a delicious & easy breakfast that doesn't make my stomach hurt!
I'm new to trying GF, and most of the 'substitution products' I've tried so far are okay, but don't taste quite 'right.'<br />This was the exception.  The pancakes I made with the GF bisquick were light and smooth and delicious!  I couldn't tell a difference, unless maybe they were a bit better. A larger box would be better, but the product itself is wonderful.<br />Highly recommended!!
We found out last week that my son has MULTIPLE allergies, including milk, soy, wheat, tree nuts, oranges, tomatoes, corn (thus corn syrup and starch).  We are in the process of trying to find ways to make what he likes to eat and still avoid thsese ingredients.<br /><br />Does anyone have a list of all ingredients before I spend $10 on this product?<br />Thanks
Gluten Free goes mainstream with the addition of gluten free Bisquick.<br />General Mills does a good job making the gluten free version of their famous brand!<br /><br />Are you gluten free? Do you know someone that is? An estimated 12 - 50 million Americans are affected by gluten, the protein found in wheat, barley and rye grains and most do not even know it. Gluten is a toxin for many, especially those with Celiac Disease, Autism, Diabetes, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn's Disease and a host of other gluten intolerant and gluten sensitivity issues.<br />It is quite challenging for those following a gluten free diet to find and afford products that are gluten free. Wheat is one of the most prevalent ingredients in the American diet.<br />Find the best tasting gluten free foods at [...] exclusively. We have been serving the gluten free community for over 12 years.
Was very happy that the kids liked these! We all liked them! I bought this mostly for myself. I made them with coconut oil instead of the vegetable oil that it calls for.....it was a yummy, healthy substitute. Will definitely be buying again.
Hubby had to switch to gluten free because of gluten intolerance so we tried this and made pancakes. They were great and had sort of a corn bread texture to it. FYI: i made cobbler from an regular bisquick recipe (not gluten free) and the measurements do not transfer. The proportions are different with the gluten free mix so make sure you have the right recipe for what you're making.
My family loves Bisquick Pancakes, my kids did not notice the difference from this product and regular pancakes. The only problem is the price, I will try Pamelas this week, price seems more reasonable.
I am going gluten free to test if I am sensitive to it, it is a good diet to be on anyway.<br /><br />This was very tasty in a pancake it was light and fluffy.  You do need to use a little more butter than usual but that makes it even better. They  fried up with uniform color and had a nice little brown edge letting me know they were done.
It was worth the wait--Gluten Free Bisquick is just like the real thing!! Everything tastes the way you remember it. So make dumplings, pancakes or cheddar biscuits they are all as good as they can be!
I have missed Bisquick since I became gluten free and am so happy to see they have gone gluten free. I've only made pancakes so far, but they are wonderful.
It was wonderful.  We made chicken nuggets.  It was light and coated the chicken very nicely.<br /><br />I highly encourage you to purchase this.  Taste pretty much like regular bisquick.  Has many uses flour, gravy, pancakes....excellent way to stretch your dollar.
It tough to find good gluten free baking mixes but this one is smooth unlike some that are gritty, and makes just as easily as regular bisquick. It tastes just as good too.
I am so happy that Bisquick came out with a gluten free version!  We've tried so many other brands of pancake and waffle mix, and hands down, Bisquick is the BEST!  We just made waffles this morning, and both my husband and I were floored at how good they were!  The outside was crisp and the inside was soft.  With that said, it's not that great for pancakes or coffeecake.
My Mom's Impossible Veggie Pie was a staple in our house - especially once I became a vegetarian as a teen.  As an adult I served it regularly to my family.  Ten years ago when my celiac was diagnosed it was bye-bye veggie pie.  I do try to eat less processed foods but I really did rejoice when I heard about the GF Bisquick.  We had Impossible Broccoli Pie last night for the first time in a decade and it was wonderful.  The mix is just as easy to use as the non-GF alternative and produces the same results.  No crumbles!  How often do you see that in a GF product?  I bought a box at the grocer to test, then went directly to subscribe & save here.  This will be a staple in my GF kitchen.
I've tried a few other mixes for pancakes, and they've been awful, but this one is really good. I should buy stock in the co., because people will be buying this product I'm sure.
I made cheddar biscuits with this and they came out a little dry the first time, but i adjusted the recipe and they were amazing. I just added a little more milk and another egg. (we have chickens that lay very small eggs, so 3 of our eggs is like 2 large store bought ones.)
This is an excellent product and I use it just like I used to utilize the regular Bisquick product.It works well with any recipe that calls for flour and quickening.
This is a blessing to those of us who are GF.  There are so many things we can make again now that we have Bisquick!  Not to mention that pancakes finally taste like pancakes again!  How nice to be able to have a biscuit with dinner again!  Since GF products are so expensive the best place to get it is at Amazon on the automatic shipment plan.  It's great!
As tasty as the regular (gluten) product. Only drawback is that you don't get a lot of mix for your money. Half of the box is needed to make their 12 pancake recipe. On a good note, it's nice to have options - by far though, this was the best pancake mix I've tried...and I tried a lot!
This makes the best waffles that I have had in years. I will be glad to see more in grocery stores in our area
A great way to make cheese biscuits for the Celiac.  I serve to guests and they cannot believe that my Celeiac husband can eat them as they are sooooo good!!! Who says Gluten free has to taste bad!!!
(I'm the member of my family who needs to avoid wheat products.)<br />I like this even more than the regular Bisquick mix, when I make pancakes.<br />Its taste is closer to that of my from-scratch wheat flour pancakes.<br />Other members of my family have not tried it, yet, and I haven't used it in  a pizza crust or biscuits.
We LOVE the new gluten free Bisquick! I used to for cheddar biscuits mostly until we found out that we had a milk protein intolerance. Now, we are using this to make so many more recipes because it is dairy free and from what I can tell allergen free. The only thing I would like better (General Mills-if you are listening-I know I am not the only one that wants this) is if it came in bulk packaging. Just put the GF Bisquick in a larger box like the regular Bisquick and then sell in a 3 or 6 pack. Just mark that this review was helpful if you agree and maybe GM will listen! LOVE THIS-ORDER NOW!!
I usually make my own gluten free stuff from scratch and I love it, but the days when i feel lazy i feel like using a mix, and this one has to be the best one yet. Their mix tastes closely like the real (wheat) thing. I have made the pancakes, waffles, oven baked chicken, and strawberry shortcakes... absolutely delicious
Our family has been wheat-free for 3 years and gluten-free for 1 1/2 so we've tried just about every mix out there.  I just found that Bisquick has a GF mix while in the grocery store and decided to give it a try.  This is DEFINITELY the best mix that we have ever tasted: smooth, not grainy.  I don't know that side-by-side with regular wheat pancakes that you would notice the difference!
This is one of the most versatile mixes I've found, and most recipes come out tasting very much like the Full of Gluten Blends. I, like many, am struggling with celiac's disease, and I've only just found out I have it, so I'm not quite sure what to buy, what's healthy, and what doesn't taste like cardboard.<br /><br />Gluten Free is a way of life you have to adjust to in almost every way, from giving up many favorites, to training your pallet to love these new found grains.<br /><br />Bisquick is Rice based, and is very much like it's original version, however be aware that the pancakes will be a little less fluffy and that you should follow the recipe to the T when it comes to these. Betty Crocker has a Recipe website they've published for you using this product that has quite a few tasty treats you'll love. When it calls for Vegetable Shortening, be sure to use it, for example, biscuits made without shortening, and only butter will be very dry and not very satisfying, even difficult to swallow. Use recipes that include shortening, and will result in moist, fluffy foods and breads will help you end up with an enjoyable addition to your meal.<br /><br />Fun and Tasty Gluten Free Recipes for this mix can be found on the Betty Crocker website, they won't allow me to post the link here, sorry.<br /><br />UPDATE: ** Fun Tip about this and other Gluten Free Mixes, My mom Figured out that when you're mixing together your ingredients and you're using one that calls for milk, that if you mix together ONLY the BASE MIX and the MILK and let it set for about 15 minutes before continuing with your recipe and adding other ingredients, the end result is much fluffier and tastier **  This would be much like making tapioca pudding, you have to let the milk and tapioca soak to 'activate the tapioca' before moving on, so I think that type of reaction is what's happening here with the Bisquick Mix. YAY for Mom!<br /><br />Hope that helps you with your purchasing decision.<br />Thanks for reading!
Rice flour, Sugar, Leavening ( baking soda, sodium aluminum phosphate, monocalcium phosphate), Modified potato starch, salt, xanthan gum, MAY INCLUDE SOY INGREDIENTS
I have been GF for the past year and have tried all sorts of flour alternatives. This one is certainly the best, and the best part about it, is you can substitute it for any creation that calls for original bisquick. The best so far is the waffles that you can make following the directions on the back. I will be ordering again!! My only complaint is that the boxes are small compared to the other boxes of bisquick available on the shelves.
This is excellent.  This is the best GF mix I've yet to try in over five years of trying it all.  It's not grainy, none of that rice grainy thing going on AT ALL.  The texture of everything I've used it for has been excellent.  This is a winner.  The price is a bummer, but the product is amazing.
I bought this product uncertain that it would be worth the money, and quickly came to love it. I made gf Biscuits and gravy for my family and we didn't mention that it was all gluten free. Everyone loved the biscuits. They didn't fall apart at all like a lot of other brands do. I used butter flavored shortening and I think it made the biscuits even more delicious. If you haven't tried it yet, try it now. I now buy a box a week. Amazon has a much better price than I can find in most stores in Vegas.
Overall, this mix is okay, but, the sugar content is very, very high. You can actually see the sugar in the mix if you look closely. For pancakes or waffles, this is fine, but for savory concoctions, this is not acceptable. Sausage balls, casseroles, and biscuits all come out almost inedible.This mix is also oddly gritty. The grit is very fine, but still makes my teeth want to curl.  I recommend Pamela's baking and pancake mix, as it is smoother, and much more versatile, because it's not as sweet. A good cook knows you can always add more of something, but you can't take it out if you've added too much.<br /><br />That being said, if you're traveling and this is the only mix they have, it's better than nothing.
I was so excited to get this and try it.  Unfortunately I'm not impressed.<br /><br />For starters the value is terrible.  You get 3 cups of mix per box.  That's enough to make 1 batch of pancakes and 1 batch of biscuits (or 3 batches of pancakes whatever).  For almost 4.50 a box that's not worth it to me especially when the end result is mediocre at best.  For the biscuits I made cheddar biscuits and not even the bread loving toddler would eat them.  The pancakes were okay if I used twice as much real maple syrup as I normally do.<br /><br />The pro's?<br />The biscuits did puff up nicely.  That's the only pro I have.
The best gluten free mix I've tried.  Of the recipes on the box I can vouch for the pancakes and the waffles- the biscuits were edible if not enjoyable.  The pancakes and waffles also freeze well.  I also recommend Betty Crocker's "Glutenfree Recipe Collection" magazine for extra recipes to try with or without this mix. From the magazine I have thus far made the chicken and dumplings (the dumplings disintegrate a bit too easily but are still good) and the fruit swirl coffee cake (I used a full can of pie filling per 8X8- I used apple and lemon pie fillings.  I thought the cake tasted rather like a cobbler or dry danish pastry).  The mix is quick, it's easy, it tastes good, and it is versatile.  And hey- although the packaging of the mix into the little boxes is a bit of a pain it does serve to keep the mix fresh!
My daughter was diagnosed with celiac about 2 years ago, and has gone without pancakes ever since...until I happened to come across this at the grocery store.  Really wasn't expecting good results - but it's very good!  The non-celiac members of the family even prefer the gf version to the regular!  Try it!
We've tried so many gluten free products and this one was by far the best. I've made pancakes, waffles, biscuits and the chicken recipe for the whole family with this and they can not tell the difference. Pamela's is a good mix too but this one is much better. It is expensive but when you've got a loved one who is gluten intolerant you're just thankful to have options for them. I can find it at some of my grocery stores but not all. You just have to check and see who carries it and then try a box. It's worth it!
I have been using G/F products for the past 4 years and it is good to see more main stream companies getting the religion.  The product works, the pancakes and waffles have come out beautifully.
We cant say enought about the Gluten Free Bisquick.. My husband and all three kids are allergic to Wheat and we are on a strick Gluten Free diet in our house.. I have tried every product out there to make pancakes, waffles, biscuits and even chicken fingers and was so pleasantly suprised that this little box does it all and does it all WONDERFUL... Pancakes are wonderful, Waffles are Great, Chicken Fingers are the best Ive made and the biscuits are delish.. Cant ask for anything better.. I only wish you could buy it ina bigger box and it was a little cheaper but we are a HUGE fan...
I love this. I have celiac, so this was the first time I had pancakes. I loved them, so did the rest of the family(they can eat wheat).
This Bisquick Gluten Free mix is amazing.  I haven't had a biscuit or banana bread in over a year and now I just can't stop making things.<br />I just made Banana Bread (for the 3rd time with this mix) and my family loves it.  I use it for everything, I am so pleased.  I made a cherry pie, Cheddar Biscuits.  I've been<br />using my old Bisquick recipes from ages ago and it is working fine.  I am so thankful for Amazon and their items.  I sure keep the UPS guy<br />busy.
I love this Bisquick Mix!  Over the past 10 years, since being diagnosed wheat gluten intolerant, I have tried so many gluten free mixes that were so bad I ended up feeling like I might as well be eating the box!  This Bisquick mix is by far the best I have found for making scones (plain or sweet) and biscuits!  The Orange biscuits, cheddar biscuits and raisin scones I have made were delicious. It was easy to substitute this mix into my old recipes, because unlike some gluten free mixes, I found I can play around with this and don't have to measure everything absolutely precisely to get a good outcome.  Of course, you can't roll this dough out like traditional dough, it has to be dropped onto the baking sheet in spoonfuls.  I have found that if I don't make it too sticky, I can gently form the balls in my hands to give a more regular shape to my scones and biscuits. I have also used it for making deep dish chicken pie and pizza (be sure you press it nice and thin in the pan - I use a silicone spatula to press it so that it doesn't stick). Bisquick Mix is made by the Betty Crocker company and this, along with the Betty Crocker cakes and brownie mixes, allows me to indulge in delicious baked goods again!  I have Bisquick Mix on Subscribe and Save, which makes it very affordable and makes sure that I don't ever run out!
I absolutely LOVE this product - being able to have pancakes was my original goal - however - I made the pizza with it & was absolutely thrilled about the pizza<br />These are small boxes (makes two pizzas per box), but I would highly recommend - I am reordering a pack of three now!
WOW!  Thank you BISQUICK for coming up with a gluten free product.  I tried it and it works wonderfully.  So far I have used ot for waffles (recipe on the box) which were excellent and a baked chicken and SPIKE recipe which was also wonderful.  Anyone needing gluten free products will like this.
After my husband's enthusiastic reaction to the glutin-free Bisquick biscuits,I rediscovered an old Bisquick recipe booklet and used its recipe to make an "impossible" cherry pie. He loved it! Next I'll try the Impossible Pecan Pie. This is the first gluten-free product that my husband really likes.  I will buy again although I'd like to find it packaged/sold less expensively than on Amazon.
I like the ease of this mix. I haven't tried anything but pancakes. They were great! I did add cottage cheese to my mix to add protein, which made them less fluffy but not less tasty. I can't wait to try this mix for chicken. I really miss fried chicken.
Can as be used to make cookies - even egg free!  I just used the mix, enough apple sauce to make a batter, some coconut butter and added vanilla and cinnamon and baked.  turned out soft delicious cookies with only 5 minutes from box to the oven.  However, even wallmart carries this for about one dollar per box less than here.
This is really a great product.  Works and tastes just like the gluten product.  Our son is a celiac and we have tried a lot of products.  We rate this "crossover" brand one of the best.
It was recently suggested to me I try going gluten-free to battle an autoimmune thyroid disorder.  I bought the Gluten-Free Bisquick hoping the pancakes would at least be edible.  The Bisquick has far exceeded my expectations!  The pancakes are light, fluffy, and delicious!  I definitely recommend this product!
I was so excited when Bisquick came out with the gluten free version, but I was frustrated with the length of time it took for me to get a hold of some.  I did finally order some through Amazon, and today I made pancakes using the mix.  Due a milk allergy, I made them with soy milk (the original 'flavor') and I added a little double strength vanilla. They were fantastic and my family and guests gobbled them up.  I will definitely make them again and try some of the other recipes.  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
We just bought this the other day because for about 2 years we have found that biscuits are a very hard wheat/gluten free item to make...I LOVE IT!!! I even went further and put holes in the middle of the biscuit dough, flattened them a bit and then fried them in a bit of oil, sprinkled with sugar and had DOUGHNUTS! My 3 year old feels like he is getting a treat!
Not gritty like a lot of GF mixes.  I make the whole box at once and keep them in the fridge, pop 'em in the toaster oven in the morning.
Second ingredient is SUGAR! Need I say more? Make your own bisquit mix, it's super easy!
I made pancakes and biscuits with this mix and found them to be mediocre at best.  I really tried to like this product, but the taste is just so far off -- for me.  I wanted a break from making things from scratch, but this just was not worth it.
I ran out of Pamela's mix and bought this in a regular grocery store because it was all they had.  I followed the pancake recipe on the back.  As a person with celiac who has tried many things, I knew when I saw the fine, crystalline mix it wasn't going to be good.  The batter is pasty looking.  The pancakes were too dense and slightly off.  The end product was pretty bland.  You will be much better off with Pamela's mix.  Pamela's can be served to a gluten eater; I cannot say the same for this product.
The rice flour in it is a crude gritty grade (cheap?). If you've ever used Thai rice flour <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EYC096">Thai Rice Flour - 16 oz</a>, you know that rice flour does not need to be this unpleasantly gritty.<br /><br />I tried compensating for the grit by using Bisquick Gluten Free to make Johnny cakes since the cornmeal is sort of gritty. But sadly, after you chew you are still left with this unpleasant grit like fine sand in your mouth.
I made the waffles and was not impressed.<br />Definitely not worth the expense!<br /><br />It's only redeeming quality was that I seasoned it to bread oven fried pork chops.<br />I would rather have saved my money and made up a flour mix from scratch.
Thought I had died and gone to heaven when I made the bisquit recipe.  I was wrong! Went to indigestion hell.  I had serious hope for this product. I truley loved the mix, but it didn't love me.  I haven't had indigestion since I gave up gluten until I ate a bisquit from this mix.  Best luck on getting it right bisquick.
I will first say that I have only tried making pancakes with GF Bisquick. My family's experience with these pancakes, however, was very disappointing, and I will not be trying any other recipe. I have tried Betty Crocker's GF Brownies, and loved them, so when I decided to spend a little extra and try GF Bisquick I was greatly let down by the result. We couldn't even finish them, we just threw them out. If you can tolerate tree nuts and milk products, I recommend trying Pamela's Pancake Mix. Otherwise, if you are looking for great GF pancakes, look elsewhere - GF Bisquick is not worth it, in our opinion.
I wish some of these companies would say whether the rice is white or brown rice. I try very hard to just eat the whole grain version of any grain as they are more nutrient dense(plus lower glycemic). I've not tried this yet, but if it was listed as brown rice flour, I would have put it in my cart.
My personal preference is to stay clear of this. I did not like the smell or taste. I was attempting to make pizza crust for the first time. On my second attempt it came out better, but I did not like the taste of it. If I at least liked the taste, I would buy again and make my crust very thin.
I bought these for pancakes, and I haven't used it to make any other recipes, so I cannot speak for how it makes biscuits, or any other item. But for pancakes, it's a no-go. They have a hint of pancake-flavor with lots of butter & syrup; but I don't like smoothering my pancakes in fattening syrup, so these pancakes are NOT for me. Moving on to other mixes...
The only complaint I have about the product is the price and I wish it were organic as well.  Other than that it's a great, versatile mix.  I've used it for pancakes and cherry cobbler : ).
Just in case you don't know - these are about $4 a box at the store, so anything more than $12 for a 3 pack is not worth it.  This is a great product, though (that's what the 4 stars are for).  The pancakes & pizza dough are great, I make them all the time.
This product is so useful in managing a Gluten-free diet!  The inced. price @ Amazon .com makes it all a great buy.
In the summer my doctor suspected I had a gluten sensitivity. She wanted me to start making changes from packaged food and think about cutting out gluten. After a bad few months I did some research and found this bisquick. I have only made one thing so far, garlic cheese biscuits. They were very tasty and had no strange texture or flavor. They had a more spongey texture than a crumbly biscuits but I was halving the recipe so maybe that was why. I nibbled on a biscuit hours out of the oven and it was still as soft and tasty. I can't wait to try pancakes and coffee cake. The only draw back is how small the box is for the price! I will limit the use to once a week or so for a treat!
This is one of the best GLUTEN-FREE mix on the market!!! It makes fluffy pancakes and light cornbread.  Also it is a great price!  I have had different mixes on the market in all price ranges and this is the best!!!
I used the Bisquick Pancake and Baking GF mix to make snickerdoodle cookies.  They were very good and stayed fresh for some time.  Thank you for offering this mix.
I purchased this while out of town.  We used it a couple of times, but never for biscuits.  I did make pancakes out of it and they were pretty good.  Always use milk and butter.<br /><br />They are a bit heavy and have a slight slimy sense to them, but are significantly better than a lot of stuff out there. I did also use it to thicken some gravy and it was fabulous for that.  I used it for breading for chicken nuggets as well and it was good.  I would like to try this again  for pancakes, and make some biscuits before I make a final decision on it.
When I saw the ingredients on this box I knew it would be a disappointment. It would be much better and pretty easy just to make your own mix. Also, there are plenty of other quality mixes out there like Pamela's and Bob's Red Mill. This will be a huge disappointment to you so don't waste your money.
Reading other reviews, I was excited to try this mix since it appeared to be Gluten free/dairy free.  Technically, the dry mix is GF/DF but the basic pancake recipe calls for eggs and milk.  Technically I can use my own egg and milk substitutes but then I could already do this with so many other mixes.  I've found that mixes that request eggs and/or milk really are better with the originals not substitutes.  The best GF/DF mixes already include a substitute so the directions only require water and/or oil or other non-dairy ingredients.  In this case, I will return to my old favorite mixes by "The cravings place" - these are truely targeted for a GF + DF lifestyle.  That said, if you are not DF then perhaps this is a fine choice. It would have been better to have a print/picture of the back of the package to more clearly see that this is not a great DF option.
These pancakes are gross... they are pale and do not taste like pancakes. I bought these based on the reviews because the Maple Grove Farms pancakes were out of stock that week. I expected a lot more from Bisquick. I mean, when these pancakes are fully cooked they look like pale wafers of cream of wheat. If you leave them in a little longer to get some color, they just get hard and taste worse. I hate wasting food so I forced myself to finish the 3 boxes.. but I dont think I'll buy these again even if my other ones are out of stock. The only reason I gave these 2 stars is because they are gluten free. Other than that they're awful.. I'm so glad I've got my Maple Groves back this week and that these are out of my pantry!
Was awful. The sight of this in my pan made me sick...smells like POTATO  duh potato starch)...would not brown. My child laughed the entire time...as I complained because I was so hungry and thought I could have a late night pancake session. Totally not the case.  Yes, I am a GF newbie... I tossed the box!
Pure toxic garbage. Eat poison if you want to. Toxic metals. Go ahead and buy this junk and feed yourself poison. Look at all the high ratings. Apparently people love eating toxic metals. Not harmful? Would you eat sodium mercury phosphate? Enjoy your metals.
A great idea that falls short. Bisquick gluten-free still uses an aluminum-based baking powder that is toxic to humans. Aluminum lodges in our bodies and has been found in quantities unacceptable in autistic individuals. The company refuses to respond to customer inquiries concerning this. I cannot give this to my family until the baking powder formula has been changed.
I actually was delighted to find this product, and my family and I loved the recipes made with it.  However it has sugar as the 2nd ingredient AND worse it has aluminum in it.  Why would I intentionally feed my family something neuro-toxic when I am trying to avoid gluten to keep healthy?  I sure wish those companies who jump on the GF bandwagon would keep health in the equation.  My kids bowel movements are gluten free too, but I wouldn't serve it to them for breakfast.  Just sayin...
Our family has tried just about every gluten-free pancake mix on the market. Bisquick is one of the best! Two members of our family have celiac disease and three of us don't, but we all love this mix for our tradition of Saturday morning pancakes. The only other gluten-free pancake mix we like even better is: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005XP3R4I">Nuffins Gluten Free Pancake Mix - Case of 6</a> It's not always available on Amazon, but when it is we try to stock up. Nuffins is definitely worth trying! Their other products are great too. Otherwise it's Bisquick or Pamelas for our family.<br /><br />The only "con" I can think of is the price. At $5.00+ per pound, this mix is expensive. If you agree, mark this review as helpful! Maybe the good folks at Betty Crocker will take notice.
I bought this on a whim because I was craving strawberry shortcake... wow! The biscuits can be a bit crumbly, but the texture is not objectionable. The taste was great! I use this for sweet and regular biscuits.<br /><br />We also use this for pancakes, and they are almost indistinguishable from regular pancakes. I add vanilla, a touch of brown sugar and cinnamon for a treat. Yum!<br /><br />Tip - I've found that most gluten free "bread" products work better if you let the batter sit for about 15 minutes after mixing the dry and wet ingredients. It seems to activate the batter, which makes the resulting stuff lighter and more moist.
I love this mix. My favorite of any I've tried. The only reason I starred it at 3 is because this is not a deal. I can get 3 boxes at Walmart for less than 12 dollars but I have heard of some places seriously over pricing it in other states so YMMV.
I have used Bisquick forever and now that I have Celiacs I use the GF Bisquick and I love it! There is little to no difference at all between the two. I have made biscuits, pot pie and pancakes and they are all awesome. I find most all other brands have an after taste and Bisquick doesn't. Even my daughter who does not have a problem with gluten loves it and thinks its better than regular Bisquick and she is only 5. I will buy this product all the time its my #1 baking mix :)
I am thorougly disgusted with Betty Crocker for this product (Gluten-free Bisquick), which is a shame, because I do applaud them for their excellent cake, cookie, and brownie mixes.<br /><br />I'm not upset with them for for coming out with a gluten-free baking mix, but for:<br /><br />#1) marketing it as though it's an equivalent to Bisquick and<br />#2) for pricing it so ridiculously high.<br /><br />Ingredients for regular Bisquick: Enriched flour, Partiallly hydrogenated soybean and/or cottonseed oil, leavening, dextrose, salt.<br /><br />Ingredients for gluten-free Bisquick:  Rice Flour, Sugar, Leavening (baking soda, sodium aluminum phosphate, monocalcium phosphate), Modified Potato Starch, Salt, Xanthan Gum<br /><br />Notice anything missing from the ingredients of gluten-free Bisquick? Yup, that's right--there's no shortening (or oil).<br /><br />That was the whole point of the original Bisquick--a baking mix that ALREADY HAD THE SHORTENING MIXED IN.  That avoids the longest and messiest step of baking things like biscuits  That is why people buy baking mixes--for that specific convenience.<br /><br />Betty Crocker has decided to leave out the shortening (or oil) altogether, even though shortening (or oil) is always naturally gluten-free. So they can't pretend it's a safety-for-celiacs factor.  It's a cost-savings to them, pure and simple.<br /><br />Here's the breakdown of what you're paying $5 a pound for:<br />rice flour (99 cents a pound at my local Asian store),<br />sugar ($2.88 for a 5 pound bag at Walmart) ,<br />potato starch (also 99 cents a pound at the Asian store),<br />baking powder ($3.19 a pound at Emergency Essentials),<br />salt ($2 for 26 ounces of Morton's),<br />xanthan gum ($10.45 for 4 ounce on Amazon).<br /><br />Yes, xanthan gum is expensive--but very, very little is needed; a 16-ounce box of gluten-free Bisquick would contain about a teaspoon of xanthan gum--maybe 20 cents' worth of xanthan gum.<br /><br />Betty Crocker is charging over 5 times what it would cost you to make their "mix" at home, while eliminating the major convenience factor (and cost to themselves, but not to you) of their regular baking mix.<br /><br />I don't mind their making a fair profit, especially if the product really WERE the equivalent of regular Bisquick.  But they're gouging us, and being misleading about the product.<br /><br />MAKE YOUR OWN, EASILY, AND FOR LESS THAN 20% OF WHAT THEY CHARGE!<br /><br />Since there's no oil in gluten-free Bisquick, you can easily stir up an equivalent, make 5 pounds (or more!) at a time, with very little effort, and it will keep for several months.<br /><br />Or, if you want a REAL Bisquick substitutes, betterbatter.org has a recipe on the site for a cup-for-cup substitute for Bisquick that DOES use shortening and non-fat dry milk powder.  Or you can use buttermilk powder, or even Vance's dairy-free powder.  It makes 10 cups at a time, stores well, and you don't have to use their gluten-free flour--you can use any gluten-free flour replacement you want (like rice flour and potato starch from your local Asian store, mixed with an appropriate amount of xanthan gum, about 1/2 teaspoon for every two cups).<br /><br />To find the recipe, do a google search of "betterbatter Bisquick Substitute Master Mix."<br /><br />Boo on Betty Crocker.
When I first found out that my 4 year old I had to go Gluten free I was a little worried about how she would handle it. GF Bisquick has made it a lot easier. I have been able to make her favorite foods such as chicken fingers, corn dogs, pizza and chinese (sweet and sour chicken)with this mix. Pancakes are also a big hit in our house. They have quick and easy recipes on the box. For the chinese- I take their chicken finger recipe and cute the pieces of chicken into bite size pieces, and bake according to the recipe. Cook up some rice and just use a GF sweet and sour sauce a quick simple easy meal that tastes wonderful!
Having recently been placed on a gluten free regime, I felt I needed some quick and easy help to get me started. It works great but is way too expensive for what it is. There were just over three cups of bisquick in the box. When I read the ingredients, I realized I could quickly mix up my own quick bread flour and keep it in the fridge. I'm glad I tried this item because it taught me that I could do just as well on my own and save a great deal of money.
This mix is great for biscuits, snicker doodles and homemade chicken nuggets. But in our house that is all. We have been GFree for 3 years and yes, I have a house hold with a husband and kids and we make A LOT of GF stuff for EVERYONE. We LOVE the Pamela's baking mix for pancakes/waffles and sweetbreads and their flour blend THE ULTIMATE BEST out of them all for bread and as a sub for regular wheat flour recipes. But I will buy this mix (and yes, I do agree it is AWFULLY EXPENSIVE) for those three things I've mentioned and in a GF household, usually you find that having a few different blends for different products is just the best thing to do for the best taste. Not one flour does the best with everything.
I regularly purchase this item in the bulk and loved it because it was also dairy free.<br />However, my last purchase was disappointing, after opening a brand new package I noticed a black thing in the mix, carefully removed to find out it was a dead flour beetle! I sifted the mix and found more DEAD BUGS!<br /><br />This is the second time I writing this review. Amazon didn't publish my first review. Thank you AMAZON.<br />I will not be purchasing this item again.
I have been Gluten Free Since 2003 and this is I think the worst tasting GF mix I have come across. I have found all to have their own pros and cons but this one have very little to brag about. I appreciate the effort anyone puts into a GF product but I couldn't buy this one again. It was like eating reconstituted potatoes that lookes like pancakes. No butter or gravy, just dehydrated spuds. The only real good thing to speak of was the texture. It was light and moist but I would have to seriously alter the recipe to add flavor.
I have been GF for 2years.  I used this product for biscuits and liked them but were a little dry.  As for the pancakes, I prefer another product.  The pricing is outrageous.  I am single but cannot imagine trying to justify this cost when making pancakes for a family.  I love the Betty Crocker GF cake mixes and brownies though.  I still make my biscuits and oven baked chicken using this product.  It is getting more difficult to find on store shelves so most times I order here.  I have several BC cookbooks and have used the GF version Bisquick  as substitute for the regular Bisquick..  Some come out Ok while others are not too good.  I am learning to vary ingredients to achieve better results.  My best experiment with this product was my scratch cornbread.  I use GF corn meal and this mix to make a delicious bread.  thank you BC for this product.  Work on the pricing.  I would use it more often if I could afford it.  Tired of manufacturers holding GF people hostage because it seems to be the latest "diet craze".  GF people have to have these products to live.<br /><br />Going GF saved my life and BC now makes products so I can enjoy baked goods again.  I make my own breads using other products and now biscuits, cakes, cookies with this and other BC GF products.  I also use this product when recipes call for small amounts of regular flour.  It depends on what I am making.<br /><br />As I am reviewing the product I gave it 5 stars.  I give the pricing 2 stars.
This product produces excellent (outstanding) Belgian waffles in my Waring Pro waffle iron.  They exceed anything you may buy in a restaurant.  Truly!  However, at $5 per box, the cost of the other ingredients you must add, time to prepare, and the small amount of product in the box, I suggest you look at other gluten-free products from Pamela's, The Gluten Free Pantry, Bob's Red Mill, or Arrowhead Mills.  You may see a better value for your food dollars.  Incidentally, Arrowhead Mills products are equally as tasty and easy to prepare, but I believe you are getting more product in the bag.  Feeding a family of 4 would be a crap shoot at best with a single box of this product.<br /><br />If the manufacturer were to repackage the product with more content per box and drop the price, I would have given it 5 stars. Safeway was the first store in San Francisco to offer this product and placed it in the center of its baking products.  Now, however, it has fallen to lowest shelf level with some prices sold by higher end grocers approaching $6 per box.  Forget it at those prices.  Hey, it's largely ultra fine white rice flour and super fine sugar!<br /><br />Bisquick would also benefit from a buckwheat GF product in its inventory.  I would certainly buy it.
Now if you could just make it sugar-free also?  I know, I don't want for much.  :-)<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
Ok--I just bought BIsquick GF and the first thing I tried to make were the drop biscuits (recipe listed on the box).  These are not the kind that are rolled out & cut--these are "drop "biscuits.  The results were very tasty.  The taste of this GF bisquick is very much like the original, but the taste is not as tart as the original.  If you want a similar buttermilk taste, you will need to use buttermilk instead of milk in the biscuit recipe.  I noticed something else that was odd and might be a problem for anyone new to cooking; it seems that the amount of mix called for is not quite right.  I read the side of the box and it claims that there are 3 2/3 cups of mix in the box (11 servings of 1/3 cup each).  The biscuit recipe called for 2 cups of mix. I measured heaping teaspoonfuls into a measuring cup and I don't even have a cup of mix left in the bag?????  I know this mix doesn't have wheat flour and maybe that kind of flour measures differently, maybe if I dug into the bag with a cup, I would have used less, but the recipe came out right.  So, there must be a misprint on the box.  I am assuming I measured properly because I have biscuits that can be dipped in gravy, smothered with butter & jam, or sliced to make those yummy McDonald's breakfast sandwiches. By following the instructions, I have A LOT of biscuits.  If you are single, or just cooking for two; you might want to cut the recipe in half.  You will still have plenty and you won't go through the box so quickly.  This mix cost me around $5.00 and I don't have enough left to make anything else, without buying another box; which I will because these biscuits are really, really good.  Still, if you are watching your budget, don't prepare more than you need.<br /><br />About these biscuits:  yummy, fairly golden (because the recipe calls for eggs), and they can be sliced with some crumbly edges, just like glutenous ones.  Without the eggs, you probably won't get the nice eye-appealing color.  Even though they are drop biscuits, you still have to cut-in shortening or margarine. If you don't have a cutter, you will need to use a long fork.  That is more difficult, so if you are a celiac that has been craving biscuits; buy a cutter.  It will cost you as much as a box of this mix.  The biscuit recipe also calls for milk, so if you want that nice tart taste that is reminiscent of the original bisquick; you will need to use buttermilk.<br /><br />The mix is made up of rice flour, sugar, leavening, potato starch, salt, & xanthum gum.  Many mixes and goodies made with rice flour taste grainy.  Bisquick has done a fantastic job with the rice flour.  It is not grainy at all; I repeat, it is not grainy at all.  For those of you new to celiac cooking; using a starch such as corn, potato, or tapioca is normal and adds a lightness to the baked item that wouldn't be possible with rice flour alone.  Leavening is simply baking soda or powder and is necessary for rising.  The sugar and salt are for flavor and consistency,  and yes, they are necessary.  As for the Xanthum gum; it is a perfectly natural ingredient and it gives celiac-safe baked goods a bit of elasticity (acting as a replacement for the gluten).  You will find Xanthum gum in just about every baked goodie made for people with celiac disease.  Can you just make your own mix and spend less money?  Sure, but you will have a very difficult time finding rice flour as finely ground as the rice flour that is the predominant and main ingredient in this mix.<br /><br />The other recipes listed on the box are for pancakes, waffles, strawberry shortcakes, pizza crust, ultimate chicken fingers, and oven baked chicken.  You can find more recipes on their website.<br /><br />I recommend this product for the taste.  I do wish that more mix was in the box, for the price.
Love this mix for pancakes!<br />Many GF products have other ingredients I'm allergic to, so finding something that tastes great and is convenient is pretty exciting. I make a batch of pancakes and freeze individual servings to microwave later.<br />Just had the yummy Cheeseburger pie for dinner last night, recipes can be found on Bettycrocker.com.
It is very nice to be able to have biscuits again.  I can only say they need to make a bigger box.  We run out way to fast.
Love this!  It's so good and makes perfect pancakes.  Love that it's also dairy free.  My husband, who does not have gluten intolerance like I do, likes them as well.  Hard to tell a difference between this and the gluten-y version.<br /><br />I love companies that make gluten free versions of their foods!
We have tried a lot of different GF mixes and when I found this new mix from Bisquick, I decided to try it.  I made waffles for my family and even my kids couldn't tell they were GF.  They almost taster better than my original wheat recipe.  No strange texture or after taste.
...this mix does have that grainy texture found with a lot of rice-based gluten-free mixes. The mix works well when the directions are followed and it is fairly versatile.<br /><br />I will use the mix I have, but I'm not sure if this will be a staple in my pantry. I'm not finding myself reaching for it on a regular basis, which is usually a sign that this isn't a hit in my household.
I can't say that biscuits made from this mix taste as good as the regular wheat.  But that said, for those of us needing gluten free foods, it's not bad either.
I just recently had to go gluten free and have been disappointed by the gluten free flours and baking mixes.  I bought this and it's amazing!  Just like the original Bisquick.  Although it is cheaper at Walmart.
When I discovered my sensitivity to gluten about 6 months ago, I was dismayed by most of the horrible gluten-free foods on the market. I have since found some substitute foods that are acceptable to me. Bisquick gluten-free pancake and baking mix is one of them. I use it every Sunday to make either pancakes or waffles. I recommend this mix whole-heartedly!
I bought this immediately after finding out I could no longer have gluten. From everything I was reading it seemed daunting to mix different flours to make anything.<br /><br />The boxes are SMALL!  While this mix is okay for making pancakes, the biscuits are alright, and to use it as a coating chicken fingers is 'eh', I'm glad I bought it when I was first diagnosed.  It helped ease my transition into gluten free cooking and baking.<br /><br />Now that I know what I'm doing, I will not buy again.  It's much cheaper to make my own flour mixes at home and use those to make pancakes, biscuits, and breaking for chicken fingers.  And my own mix tastes much better.  But, if you are new to gluten free, definetly pick this up, it will help with the transition!
The absolute best baking product of its kind---I have tried almost ALL gluten-free baking products and Bisquick Gluten Free is by far the BEST!!!  A little expensive but worth the money!!!!!
For those with gluten allergies, this is great. The shortcakes, biscuits, pancakes taste much the same as with the regular Bisquick. My only problem with it is that it comes in such a small size. Would love for them to box it in larger sizes.
This is a healthy alternative to regular Bisquick and works great in any biscuit mix recipe. I will surely buy it again.
Was on GF Diet for about 6 months. Used this new product from this old quality company with excellent results. Still use it for variety.<br />A box goes a long way. A little expensive but worth it.
I read lots of good reviews and loved the idea of the convenience of this mix for pancakes and waffles.  So I whipped up some pancakes, breakfast-for-dinner style.  I'm newly diagnosed celiac and thus new to GF, so perhaps I should let a little more time go by on just a diet of naturally gluten free foods before I start trying substitute foods for the wheat foods I used to love, but I swear I cried a little bit when I ate these pancakes.  Because I thought they sucked, frankly.  They are completely bland and have no flavor at ALL, and the texture was reminiscent of wallpaper paste. (I don't know if that's gluten free but if so it's probably cheaper to just put some syrup on that and eat it!) After letting the batter stand 10 minutes to thicken up a bit, it was more like kindergarten paste, but still totally flavorless.  My 2 year old daughter gobbled them up, so that's something.  Then I cried a litle bit more thinking about the fact that I guess I'll never get to teach her how to make a real, delicious fluffy wheat pancake, but that's a whole other thing.<br /><br />I'm giving it 2 stars just because it is useful for breading oven baked chicken, but you could do that more economically with another GF flour.
this is a great product. Perfect for the celiac searching for biscuit mix or pancake mix that actually tastes good.  Also great topping for chicken pot pie.
This product is BEYOND AMAZING! I have been cooking pancakes in assorted ways for four decades. And, for home use, no other product comes close to this Bisquick Gluten Free Mix. It is superior not only to every gluten-free product on the matter; it is ALSO superior to every other mix (gluten-free or not) on the market. Friends and family are constantly amazed and surprised when I serve them breakfast. So, to everyone and anyone, don't make the mistake of associating this Bisquick product w/ other gluten-free products that result in food that tastes like cardboard.<br />Last thought: Thanks to Amazon for making it available as a subscription purchase, since I can no longer find it in any South Florida supermarkets.
This stuff makes great pancakes and shortcake that I am actually allowed to eat!<br />My doctor tells me I'm celiac- this was three years ago now. I just hope I can continue to find this Bisquick!
The pricing is quite a bit higher than in the grocery stores.  It is not available in all stores, but I have found it conveniently enough for my purposes.
These are really good. I like to make them with a little extra milk so that they are thin. I can't even tell the difference between this and regular pancakes. It's worth the price for my family.
We've been using Pamela's for making pancakes and waffles, but I saw Bisquick and grabbed a box to try it.  It made the absolute BEST waffles we'd ever had - gluten free or not!  Pamela's has you separate the egg yolk from the egg white and made making our Saturday morning waffles tedious.  I added two packets of Splenda to Bisquick's batter and everyone (including my super-picky kid) came back for seconds.  I was a little worried because the batter seemed a bit gritty, but they baked up very smooth and fluffy.  My husband made fried chicken from the mix as well.  We didn't have any left overs of that, either.<br /><br />Way to go, Bisquick!
I am giving this two stars as my family didnt mind the taste but the texture was so grainy and the biscuts fell apart easily. I was not a fan of the pancakes at all I believe they really didnt have a good flavor. Will not be wasting my money on such a tiny package either when you can but a bigger package of regular mix for less? Not fair to us with allergies in my opinion!!
I love that it is mainstream and that it works like bisquick. Not all recipes work the same as regular bisquick though.. so I wish they had more recipes available. It does taste more "gluten free" than some other options out there.
1 cup gf Bisquick<br />1 cup soy or almond milk<br />3/4 cup sugar<br />cinnamon to taste<br /><br />Pour over your favorite fruit and bake for for a quick delicious cobbler.<br /><br />Gluten-free Bisquick isn't quite as fluffy and crumbly as the original but it is definitely worth it for the GF crowd.
Love these! Pancakes were something I missed the most after going on a gluten-free diet 8 years ago, until now... These are fantastic! :-) Thank you for making them. I love Amazon mom's because i get these shipped monthly. thank you!
The Bisquick Gluten Free was okay, but inferior to the Bob's Red Mill and Hodgson Mill products. Pancake batter, when made according to directions, was watery, resulting in flat pancakes.
I find the gluten-free Bisquick pancake mix to be just as easy to use as the original Bisquick, and I like the flavor just fine (not much different than regular Bisquick).  It's easy to make the pancakes, just add milk, oil, an egg, mix, and pour on the griddle.  Cooking time seems to be about the same, and the consistency of the pancakes is just like regular pancakes.  I would definitely recommend this mix to anyone needing gluten-free products.
I was able to use this Gluten free product and make it taste better than any restaurant by bringing the buttermilk to room temperature and separating the yokes from the whites and adding additional baking powder and baking soda to the recipe. I love it. Served with pure maple syrup brings it out of this world.
My 18 year old son cannot tolerate gluten, so I have been on a quest to find a pancake/biscuit mix for him that he will actually like. I tried a few others and they were horrible. I felt so bad for my son and kept looking. Thank goodness I found Bisquick. It tastes most like real pancake mix and my son really enjoys it. I have made him biscuits too and he is thrilled to eat "bread" again.  I highly recommend this mix for anyone who simply cannot eat wheat.
I have been on GF diet for a month and it's hard to find food that taste good or even close to what I used to eat. But when my husband found Bisquick Gluten Free at the store, the issue of what to eat for breakfast never came up. Actually my husband eats the GF pancakes wnow even if he doesn't need a gluten free diet. The pancakes are lighter and very tasty. Just follow the box directions.
This product is a MUST HAVE for Celiacs!  The garlic biscuits and pizza crusts you can make are amazing!!
Product has similar taste of wheat pancakes without the gluten.  Even other family members not on gluten-free diet like it.
Made really great biscuits; even my non-GF husband enjoyed them!  My only complaint would be that the packages aren't very big; I used 2 cups to make a batch of biscuits and I don't think there's even 1 cup left in the package.
After finding out I had a sensitivity to wheat, I searched for alternatives. I decided to try this mix and make some biscuits. Wow, were they good! They sort of reminded me of challah with a slight eggy flavor. They came out more like sandwich rolls (rather than flaky biscuits) but not quite as big. I'm thinking of making them super size next time so I can slice them in half and use for my lunches. After eating corn tortillas every day, I'm glad I found something else I can have. I also made an oven pancake with the mix and that was very good too. I highly recommend it.
I tried this today with a recipe from my Bisquik cookbook for a chocolate chip cookie recipe. They came out great! My son who has Autism and food sensory issues came back for seconds. My 16 year old daughter stated they tasted like regular cookies. The recipe was easy but took my whole box of mix. They stayed puffy as I like my cookies that way anyway. I experimented with one tray and refrigerated it. It did not matter other than taking another couple minutes of baking. Will definitely buy this mix again.
Nothing gritty and second rate here!  They are just as good and the only pancake mix we use for the whole family, gluten free or not! They are that good!!
I've never made gluten free items before and I got great reviews from customers for my gluten free coffee cake.
So being Gluten Free is hard, especially in a dorm. But I have gotten really good at making Gluten free pancakes on an electric frying pan. They are super yummy! I also make these really yummy cheesy garlic biscuits. This stuff is heaven sent! Makes food that is reminiscent of "normal food"
I LOVE this product! After ten years of doing without, the pancakes and waffles from this product are fantastic! I, too, wish it was packaged in a larger box, but as it is, I don't mind devoting more shelf space to several boxes.
We have been living gluten-free for 5 years now, and this mix is the best I have found!  It makes great waffles.
IT IS HARD FINDING SIMILAR PRODUCTS FOR OUR GLUTEN FREE CHILD, FOR THINGS SHE LOVED BEFORE BEING DIAGNOSED WITH CELIAC DISEASE.  THIS IS A MIX THAT SHE LOVES FOR PANCAKES.  SHE EVEN MADE SWEET POTATO BISCUITS YESTERDAY WITH IT. WE HAVE FOUND IT ON SALE FOR $1.79 PER BOX AT OUR LOCAL GROCERY STORE (LESS THAN AMAZON A FEW TIMES,) SO WE STOCK UP WHEN IT IS ON SALE.  IT WILL BE NICE WHEN GLUTEN FREE FOODS ARE PRICED MORE CLOSELY TO THE WHEAT MIXES.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS FOR YOU.  WE WILL TRY MANY MORE RECIPIES USING THIS PRODUCT IN THE FUTURE.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
My daughter that is 16 and allergic to Wheat refuses to follow the diet. Until I bought this. Now I make her Waffles and freeze them every few days. I usually get 7-8 waffles out of a box. They are excellent.
Alittle bit expensive for the product I think that it should be the same price as the non gluten Bisquick, and otherwise it's good.
We use gluten free bisquick for many different things - biscuits, pancakes, etc.  Tastes good & lets us serve our kids that are gluten free the same thing as the whole family.
I just recently bought Gluten Free Bisquick for the first time.  It has been wonderful.  I have to admit that I am addicted to their pancakes. They are so light and thick and fluffy (unlike homemade gluten free pancakes).  They are absolutely delicious!
This product made wonderful pancakes -- I couldn't taste the difference between this Gluten-Free version and the original. I tried using it to make pizza dough to relative success. The texture was a little bit weird but it tasted good!
I was happily surprised with this product. I read other negative reviews and was honestly disappointed in Betty Crocker gf cake mix so I didn't feel the need to try this. I finally bought it at a whim when I saw it at my local market and I am happy I did. I am a baker at heart and love to spoil my family with homemade deserts and pancakes on the weekends. I have adjusted my cooking and baking to primarily gf for the past year now and am happy when I find a gf alternative that cooks & tastes like "the real thing". Another plus is that I can buy this at my local market (which does not carry too many specialty foods) and don't have to make the extra trip to the higher end store.<br /><br />I made pancakes today and they were a hit with everyone. Will definitely use it to try other recipes.<br />Only downside is the cost and size of box; very pricey and very small.
This mix made tasty, crispy waffles using a standard waffle iron, but the whole box only made 3.5 waffles.  This would be a five star product for me if I could get more than one family meal out of it for the price.
I've been gluten free for 12 years now, have tried many bread mixes, and I love this one.  So does my husband, who is not gluten free.  I hope that everyone supports these Bisquick products, since big brand gluten-free bread and pasta products are so rare, and so rarely good.  It was something special for me when these came out (if you can imagine waiting a decade for this, you'll understand).  If those of us with celiac disease/gluten-intolerance keep enjoying them, maybe the price will come down (though it's not bad now) and they will offer bulk deals.  It will also wake up other manufacturers.  I would happily order a case or much larger package.  I can make my own bread, but I prefer to use a mix, and use my cooking time for main dishes.  So don't hesitate to try it, I can't imagine being disappointed by this product.  However, I do find it for less at my local grocery store.
Extremely happy with Bisquick gluten free!  I had no idea what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised.  I always preferred Bisquick pancakes over other popular brands through the years.  I am happy to say that I can eat my favorite brand of pancakes again without any health repercussions (gluten intolerant).  My next objective is to make the roll recipe on  the box.  I wish all manufacturers would take note of the rising gluten problem in this country!
This mix makes the most delicious pancakes! My gluten eating family wanted mine instead of theirs! I have Also make sausage balls and biscuits for biscuits and gravy with it! So Good!
I was amazed to find this on the shelf of my favorite grocer (sorry to say, cheaper than it is sold here, even with subscribe and save....).  First thing I made was my childhood favorite - dumplings - and they were just like I remembered them to be!  The whole family was happy with them - they were such a big hit!  I can't wait to make blueberry muffins this summer.  I have never been able to duplicate the taste of Bisquick with any other gf recipe, and no other recipe for blueberry muffins is quite the same, in my opinion.<br /><br />Thank you, General Mills!
Like the title says, I have tried (nearly) all the brands, spent a lot of money, and in the end these are the best Gluten Free Pancakes I've had.<br /><br />I am not happy about the lack of fiber, and the the starchy flours used. But a handful of ground flax seed makes up for that.<br /><br />I am also happy about a brand that helps you to make biscuits and other things from the same mix. Other companies sell biscuits and pizza dough as a separate item, duping the customer to spend even more money.<br /><br />Compared to the many other brands, these do not have a "funny" taste or smell from odd flours. These are made mostly from Rice and Potato flours. You just feel NORMAL.<br /><br />I hope they will come out with a "whole grain" version from Brown Rice and Bean flour.<br /><br />TIP: To get the fluffiest texture use BUTTER instead of oil. Room temperature butter.
I am a Bisquick biscuit lover from way back, and I thought the biscuits made per the recipe were a little blah, but I think they would be perfect using butter or margarine in place of shortening, so I have hope. As far as the cobbler goes, I made a triple berry using the shortcake recipe on the back (which calls for butter rather than shortening) as the crust. It was amazing.<br />If you are expecting the ease of regular bisquick, forget it. This is not a "just add milk and stir" kind of product. The biscuits require the addition of egg, shortening (cutting it in, but it is easy and not too messy to mix with your fingers), and milk. Also wish there was more in the box. Most of the recipes on the back require the use of the whole box.
I was so excited to see gluten-free Bisquick. My grandmother and mother both used it. I fondly remember their strawberry shortcake, so that was the first thing I made. I almost cried, it was so good. I have since made the pancakes (yum yum) and baked chicken. I'm a regular at their web site, liveglutenfreely.com for its great recipes. Thank you, Bisquick!
I like this product, and will order it online again since it is a much better price than the grocery store.  I wish the box was a bit bigger, but it will do.  It is plain, but it makes a light and fluffy pancake.  You can add flavor with vanilla extract, cinamon, or blueberries.  I liked the texture of the biscuit recipe, but it came out more like a muffin.  I'm going to make it in a muffin pan next time and put cranberries in it.  I made my biscuits with butter.  If you are creative with the use of add ins, I think it would make good quickbreads, but not the rising type.
My son just started the Gluten Free diet and I have tried some foods out there just seeing what he will eat. He loved it, I couldn't believe it at first but he kept eating. I'm really glad that I was able to find something that he loves to eat for breakfast. My little girl has starring to eat it to and she says it taste good. I buy it every time I run out cause I love eating it too.
I have always trusted the Bisquick name, so I decided to buy this product.  I was thrilled with the pancakes and muffins I was able to make.  The only thing I have a problem with is the size of the box.  It's very small.  Like most GF product, you pay much more than you would for the non-GF counterpart. :(
Thank goodness Bisquick finally went Gluten -Free!  I have been 3 years diagnosed with Celiac, and besides pillsbury rolls, pancakes have been few and far between as have good biscuits!  We have eaten many pancakes since this product came out.  Way to go Betty Crocker!  Only negative is that this is actually cheaper in my local stores.
My wife and daughter are Celiac but my son and I are not. We have been using Bob's Red Mill GF pancake mix and it's pretty good but you can tell it's gluten free. The pancakes we made today with this Bisquick mix were amazing. My mother, my son, and I could barely tell them from the normal wheat version on flavor. The texture is a bit different but they're light and fluffy unlike a lot of overly dense GF versions. We'll definitely be stocking up on this and using it with some of the old stand-by regular Bisquick recipes to see how it works in them.
This is a great product! Hats off to Betty Crocker once again. They are becoming a more "MAIN STREAM" go-to company for people who are gluten free!
So far, I've only had time to make waffles with this new GF Bisquick, but they were delicious. Sometimes with gluten free products, you have to use other weird ingredients, or processes to make them. These waffles were super fast, easy, and seriously delicious. Can't wait to make other things!
Going gluten free is not optional for those diagnosed with celiac disease---- but eating a pizza made with a dough created with this product is optional---and definitely not recommended. I knew something was amiss when I opened the product and it was the consistency of very fine white beach sand. Putting my reservations aside, I proceeded to make pizza dough as directed on the box. Needless to say, the pizza dough was chewy and tasted very strange. I would not recommmend this product for pizza dough.
The product is very good. Way too expensive and at almost 5.00 a box to get pancakes or biscuits I was disappointed
My family is gluten intolerant and we use this product extensively.  Pancakes, biscuits, waffles, it doesn't really matter what you need to bake, this mix comes through.  This is my go to mix above Bob's and all others we have tried.  Try a box, follow the instructions for pancakes, and tell me they aren't awesome... go ahead... I dare you.
Bisquick GF is easy to use. Pancakes and muffins are very<br />tasty. The product is quick and easy to use. It makes my day.  Gram
I have tried numerous boxed gluten free flours, and I never get the consistent results I get from Bisquick's GF Mix. It's also more economical than making your own (who wants to buy 5+ flours just to make a cake??). And this one never has that strange metallic smell others like Bob's have. I find myself making pancakes, biscuits, cupcakes again after years of going bread free due to a wheat allergy.<br /><br />My one complaint is that I can't seem to find this in any local store; I have my fingers crossed that Amazon continues to carry this!
I have purchased San Francisco Bay coffee before. I have always found that the quality of their coffee is excellent. The beans are always well chosen and slow roasted. A very high quality coffee at a reasonable price.
The coffee was good but didn't have a strong flavor. Wouldn't buy this product again. Nice to try new products and try new flavors.
I had tried a small batch of the pods for my Keurig and fell in love....this Fog Chaser variety is just about perfect.  I shall be ordering more beans so I never run out.
My parents fell in love with 'San Francisco Bay Coffee Company' coffee, which use to be available at our local AZ Costco. For christmas I looked every where for this coffee & found what I thought was a great value on Amazon. When I bought it (12/21/11) there was "No Image Available", should have been my first warning sign. They had lots of pictures of the 12oz bags of coffee from the San Francisco Bay Coffee Co, but I wanted something bigger, and this was 2 lbs. Now there is a picture availble, but if you look closely it's "Roger's Family Company" coffee, who is technically located near the San Francisco Bay Area. So if you're in love with San Francisco Bay Coffee Company, don't buy this coffee. But on the upside, since I waited till the last minute to buy it, I gave it to my parents for christmas anyway & explained what happened, but they said the coffee was pretty decent. So still makes a nice cup of coffee, just not San Francisco Bay Coffee Company coffee.
These sticks definitely don't look like ones in the picture.<br />They are much thinner and IMHO not worth the money. I should have returned it but instead gave my dog (GSD) 5 at a time to keep her busy.<br /><br />I'd stick with the Redbarn or equivalent from another website.
I just received my order of 100 count regular bully sticks and am extremely disappointed.<br />"Only ValuePetSupplies bulk Bully Sticks are hand measured for consistent thickness". I beg to differ.<br />The "regular" size is quoted as 9/16" thickness. The product I received is less than 4/16" in thickness.<br />Out of 100 pieces, less than five actually measured up to the regular thickness advertised.<br />My blue heeler dispatched one piece in less than a minute. It usually takes him five minutes.<br /><br />On the other hand, my toy fox terrier is still working on hers and won't leave leftovers for the big guy to clean up.<br />While I understand that ValuePetSupplies.com sponsors good causes, I will be spending an extra 15 cents per piece and get a much more substantial treat.
Oue two labs love these and they are soooo expensive in the pet stores ($4.50) each. We got these in bulk for under a dollar each.
I have two medium-sized dogs, and these are a real bargain, but only keep them busy for about 15 minutes. Next time I will get the larger size.
I ordered these despite my concerns after reading other reviews re: small diameter size.  Absolutely true, and I regret making the purchase. For the same price, I briefly ordered from a different Amazon vendor the same # and length bully sticks for the same price.  Difference?  Original vendor bully sticks were on average 3/4" thick.  This vendor bully sticks are at MOST 1/2" thick, with most closer to 1/4".<br /><br />What difference does it make?<br /><br />Our dog, a slender 44 lb. mixed boxer/chow, would take 3-5 days to get through a 3/4" bully stick, and would get hours and hours of good gnawing time in on each one.  These new thin ones she completely consumes in less than 30 mins.  That makes a huge difference in how fast we go through the bag!<br /><br />Will not order again from this supplier.
The thickness is just as described. They are not thin as straws like some other reviews had stated. My 2 pet chihuahuas love them very much. It usually takes them an hour or so to finish chewing so it's a great time passer for them. One negative thing I'd complain is the strong smell of the bag, though. I have to tuck it away in a corner in order not to smell it often when pass by. This might not apply to everyone, since my nose is a bit more sensitive than most normal people. Over all, I'd had given 5 star if it wasn't for the smell, I have to give 4 stars for now.
Apparently 'regular' size = thinner than standard-sized pencils =(  My chihuahuas finish these in a matter of minutes, when it normally takes them days to consume a thicker bully stick.
Great on any thing from rice to pasta to burgers.  I cant wait until the week end for my favorite over easy eggs, hash browns, and this mix.  More heat than you would expect, have tried a couple other brands, not the same....
With all natural ingredients and no preservatives; all I can say is "fantastic".  There is no expiration date but I would eat this within a week or two -- faster if it's opened.  Absolutely excellent!<br /><br />You can freeze these with no loss of quality.<br /><br />Don't order if the weather is hot because they ship it in cool bags with cold packs instead of styrofoam with dry ice.  My orders usually arrive cool but not cold.
The ghastly horror of these pickles is enough to strip the mind of reason.  They are brown, mushy, and flavored with spices that bring to mind the morgue and the taxidermist.  On top of that each and every pickled chunk is sweetened with a full tablespoon of pure cane sugar.<br /><br />No living human being could consume more than one without selling his immortal soul.
in my opinion these are heads and twos above any pickle that you normally find at your local grocery store.  a lot of nice, sweet, pickle flavor.  I probably won't buy again off of amazon because of shipping charges, but if i ever see them locally, i'll buy a bunch.
I gave this as a stocking stuffer to my husband to remind him of our last holiday in beautiful Jamaica.  It has a truly tropical taste that is very unique and yummy.
Best grapefruit soda on the market!! Cost is good, but shipping is expensive. I still buy it every now and then for a special occasion!
I was looking for holiday sprinkles in bulk and lucked up to find these.  I have purchased this brand at Williams and Sonoma before but always in small containers.  I paid the same amount here for the bulk package.  I am very happy.
What a steal!  I make a lot of Gingerbread Cookies during the holidays - large ones - over 6" long - and I bag them in florist corsage bags.  They look like you bought them at a fancy store.  These decorations are the best and they are so cheap.
India Tree products are great and you cannot beat the value here at Amazon.I use these to decorate cakes and cupcakes.  They will get a workout as the holidays near.
I have used this mix for years for yellow pound cake and everyone seems to love it.  I'm still able to purchase the 18oz. at my local grocery.  I was going to order this product, but saw that it was 16.5 oz. and was afraid it wouldn't go with the old Duncan Hines pound cake recipe.  Hope these companies realize the damage they are doing to time proven recipes when they downsize their products.
In the past I was able to make so many different cakes using this cake mix. I made 2 rum cakes today thinking I had done something wrong when the first one didn't turn out as usual. I now realize I didn't do anything wrong,Duncan Hines did something wrong by reducing the size of their product; I would gladly have paid more for the larger mix. Now I will never buy another Dunkin Hines Mix!!!!! How dumb do you think we are.
Duncan Hines used to be my favorite line of cake mixes. I bought them all of the time. But now they, like Betty Crocker, have downsized their packages of cake mix. These new mixes will not work with older recipes, that called for the 18.25 ounce size of cake mix. That rules out a lot of our favorite cakes. Even a plain cake will be changed - it won't bake up as high or as big in the pan. Duncan Hines just lost me as a customer.<br /><br />Pillsbury has not reduced their cake mix sizes (at least, not yet). I will be buying them. If they shrink in size, I will bake from scratch.
While I think this product is good, I'm disappointed that they reduced the weight of the product from 18.25 oz to 16.25 oz. Has anyone else noticed how difficult it is to read the type used for the weight, the 6 looks very much like an 8.  Same size box, less product, hmmmm.
I have bought Duncan Hines Yellow cake mix in the past and have made a favorite recipe with it.  In the past, it had 18.25 ounces.  Pillsbury and Betty Crocker have the required ounces 18+.  I bought Duncan Hines at Safeway because it was less expensive than the other brands and after I got home, I discovered why.  I will not buy Duncan Hines again unless they go back to the 18+ ounces or go to 9 ounces for $.54.  Consumer beware and read the number of ounces in the product.
It must be true because it says so on the package: "America's Favorite Cake."<br /><br />I seem to remember a check box on the 2010 Census regarding cake preference, but I don't think I voted for Yellow Cake. I would have voted for Devil's Food Cake, although it may be politically incorrect these days to mention, you know, The Devil, so I may have voted for German Chocolate Cake, but Germany is, you know, the Old Europe, so I  may have voted for a chocolate cupcake. But without peanuts because so many people are now allergic to peanuts that they can't even serve 0.5 grams of salted nuts on airplanes. Sigh.<br /><br />Where was I? Hmmm? Oh, yes....<br /><br />I certainly would vote for Duncan Hines cake but I feel it should be mentioned that this is not cake.....yet. This is cake mix.<br /><br />Its sort of a cake fetus, or a cake stem cell. It still needs lots of development. You have to add additional ingredients and warmth and time to develop the mix into a cake. There is the promise of cake, but unless you follow the protocol written on the box very carefully, you may not get cake. Depending on what you do, you may get something very odd and rubbery or something very dark and charred.<br /><br />It's complicated!<br /><br />Amazon has allowed third-party vendors to offer Duncan Hines Cake Mixes for sale for quite some time. An example of this is: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002IMS5K">Duncan Hines Classic Yellow Layer Cake Mix 18.25 oz - 6 Unit Pack</a>. Amazon, being a very clever retailer, has obviously read the numerous, highly enthusiastic customer reviews for this product, and has now started selling these products directly to its customers, so many of whom must be begging for a six pack of a product readily available in any supermarket or convenience store.<br /><br />In order to enhance customer demand, Amazon's copywriters have outdone themselves listing this product's outstanding features:<br /><br />-Pack of six, 16.5 18.25 ounces each (now 1.75 oz. lighter!)<br />-The moistest, most delicious<br />-A special treat for the special people<br /><br />Of course, "the special people" must be those who voted for Duncan Hines Yellow Cake Mix. That's why it's "America's Favorite Cake". Makes perfect sense. This is a Democracy! This is a great country and this is great cake mix!<br /><br />Another thing you should know is that you get six boxes of cake mix. This is enough mix to incubate a very, very big sheet cake that would require a very, very large incubator or oven. You could also prepare a tall 12 layer cake which would kind of look like a miniature version of the Coit Tower in San Francisco. Certainly enough "the moistest, most delicious" yellow cake for a very large number of "the special people".<br /><br />Finally, a charming aspect is that on the very same page as this product, Amazon suggests "Customers Who Bought This Product Also Bought": Cottonelle Fresh Flushable Wipes, Refills, Case of 4 / 84s (336 ct). Obviously, "the special people" anticipate getting down with this cake. Six boxes of cake mix is bound to make a mess in the kitchen and later on, there will be cake crumbs on lips and chins and fingers.<br /><br />A few Cottonelle Fresh Flushable Wipes could come in handy!<br /><br />Smart!
Maybe, I got a bad one.  It's very plain, nothing special in flavor.  I felt like I wasted my time and money. I will not buy this flavor again.
thanks for having it sent to me promptly. i was very happy to be able to order it online and get it the next couple days.
I made one for my daughter's birthday party and everyone but her died of uranium poisoning. Still tasted pretty good, though.
Ghirardelli isn't the finest chocolate you can buy, but it's pretty good, and the Intense Dark Assortment is both inexpensive, and provides you a few possibilities.<br /><br />I've lately taken to unwrapping a 60%, 72% and 86% cacao square for each dinner guest and setting them on an individual saucer, to serve as an after-dinner sampler with red wine or Scotch. That's been a pretty popular approach. A similar approach also works "therapeutically"---if someone's having a bad day, sitting them down with a small assortment of increasingly intense chocolate isn't a bad path to feeling a little better.<br /><br />I do wish that there were the same number of each in the bag; that's the only downside. Of course, if you really want the sets of three to serve to guests, you'll have to go through the tiresome task of somehow eating the extras. Darn.
Many reports are coming out about how chocolate is actually good for you, so eat more!  This is the perfect chocolate to do that with.  The varying levels of cocoa are perfect to help adjust your taste buds to eating dark, dark chocolate. It's not an easy transition for a milk/semi-sweet kinda gal, but this chocolate is affordable and so tasty.  I also like that I can just have one (as they are individually wrapped), and choose my %.
I love this sampler of Ghiradelli Chocolate Intense Dark Squares especially now that nutritionists recommend you have an oz. of dark chocolate each day that is over 70% cacoa.  Chocolate is a vegetable a friend reminded--it's a bean!<br /><br />These chocolates are affordable, tasty, rich, intense, silky smooth and just the right size.  I love to serve them for after dinner.  The squares are fairly large and individually wrapped.  It's great to have different amounts of cacoa depending on guests' tastes.  Dark chocolate is an acquired taste for some.  Of course, the darker the chocolate, the healthier so you can work your way up to the 86% cacoa. Great to have on hand for the holidays.  If you are on a diet and want a low calorie chocolate healthy treat, having these individually wrapped dilutes the temptation.  I'm happy with one square most days.<br /><br />These are a great non-guilty pleasure that are good for your health!
I got this for a family member as part of a football themed gift. I like that the basket can be reused. I have had the pasta before, so I know it is good. I don't know how the other items taste.
36 of these candy bars just might seem like overkill, but you can always tell yourself that you're going to give them out to company! Of course, the truth is that they are way too good to give away to anybody -- they can just go get their own.<br /><br />The good news is that they are shipped so fresh and soft that they will last 'till you can finish off your stash!<br /><br />They're awesome!
This product is shipped so fresh that even if it takes your family months to eat their way through the box, the last 'Bit-O-Honey' will still be fresher than anything you can buy off the shelf at your local grocer.  These are the large candy-bar sized, wrapped in wax paper.  Because they are fresh, they are soft like taffy and so a breeze to extract from the wax paper, plus have the fullest flavor ever.  Enjoy!!
They're almost gone already, and I'm about 5 pounds heavier, but these candy bars are much fresher than anything in the stores--if and when you can find an outlet that carries them! Yum!
The Bit o' honey candy that I ordered took me back to my childhood when I used to buy the product.  It arrived in a timely manner, in good shape, and of course it tasted delicous.
EXCELLENT QUALITY AND SO O O FRESH.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E5AO8O">Bit O' Honey Candy, 1.7-Ounce Packets (Pack of 36)</a>
I was glad I ordered this candy. It still taste like it did 20 years ago.
I was just going to reorder the "Bit-O-Honey"  Last me a long time and I enjoy eating it slowly in my mouth... Just like a kid!
love my Taffy<br />She's so laffy<br />Her name is Bit O' Honey<br />She gives me a kiss<br />Oh what, "A Bliss"
I found the candy to be harder than I had expected.  It came in bar form and it is rather hard to chew but just as tasty--just takes more chewing to enjoy!!
My neighbor and I love this candy and it's difficult to find the 1.7 oz. packets in the stores.  So I just decided to purchase a whole case.  They were fresh and great tasting.
Best Bit-O-Honey I have ever eaten.<br />I have always bought this product at a local grocery store and it was always hard, I figured it was suppose to be that way. But after eating the box I bought here I now know better; the candy was soft and delicious.<br />I plan to continue buying Bit-O-Honey from here.
This is an excellent candy for those of us who have to limit our chocolate intake.  Each bar is sectioned into six pieces, which helps with portion control--and makes it perfect for sharing!  My only quibble is that it's sometimes hard to get all the waxed paper off the candy, as it's quite sticky.
Haven't had Bit O Honey since I was a kid ... and seeing them on Amazon made the purchase a "no-brainer."  And they were as good as I remember.
I hate honey but I love Bit O Honey candy. I really don't taste the honey in them. I like the bars better than the individually wrapped candies because the shape is easier to eat. I like them hard, brittle and chewy, not soft. This is actually cheaper per bar than where I buy them locally.
This was my second order of Bit O Honey.<br />The first one arived with the celophane cut and one item missing.<br />I hope Mr. Sticky Fingers found the candy as enjoyable as I did.
While I love Bit a Honey and don't regret my purchase, I did not find them as "fresh and soft" as the other reviewers. They arrived hard and brittle but still taste wonderful if you can eat them without breaking your teeth. Maybe it's because I bought the bags of individually wrapped Bit a Honey's as opposed to the actual candy bars. Next time it's the bars!
Dried berries, still with texture and the quintessential aroma. Pot roast is so much better with half a dozen berries flattened into the breadboard and scooped into the pickling mixture. But in ten years, trying to find them - gee. So now I know to look for it on Amazon.
Again, exactly what I ordered. No fuss, no muss. Arrived on time. Pretty much an ideal transaction. Only thing that threw me was that I underestimated the quantity. (gallon baggie in the freezer, ftw)
Berries are find, but the package is bad. Unable to open neatly and then it rips open and your berries are all over the floor.
"The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is again cautioning consumers that chicken jerky products for dogs (also sold as chicken tenders, strips or treats) may be associated with illness in dogs. In the last 12 months, FDA has seen an increase in the number of complaints it received of dog illnesses associated with consumption of chicken jerky products imported from China. These complaints have been reported to FDA by dog owners and veterinarians."
Be advised. You will only receive 1 (one) box. They are less than $3.00 in the local grocery store. Will not purchase again.
Love these little peanut butter dipped granola bars.  They are delicious.  They are only one point on the Weight Watchers POINTS system.  Even you were not dieting, these bars are a great and filling snack.
We love them! This is a great 100 calorie snack. I snack on them throughout the day. My husband, and 3 year old enjoys eating them as well.
This product was absolutely horrible!  Each and every bar was obviously old, because it was stale, smelled awful, and had to be thrown out.  Shame one you for even trying to sell such a product!
I love Pico Pica.  It adds some flavor, and it's not too hot. I eat it at least 2 meals every day. It's good on eggs, it's good on pizza, it's good on vegetables.<br /><br />Really, you can't go wrong.
Thank goodness for MexGrocer. We love this Pico Pica sauce. I cannot find this product in local grocery stores anymore.  Internet shopping makes living in a podunk town bearable. No more long lists saved for the occasional trip to the "big city". I am on a first name basis with the UPS and FedEx drivers. USPS shipments are hit and miss, if they fit in the mailbox, great, if not, then it's saddle up and head to town. Pico Pica is our favorite product, it is so good!  Love it!
This is a very different sauce - nothing like anything you'll find in the grocery store. It's closer to the "botique" salsas that have recently appeared with the new "taco restaurant" trend. It's a little smokey. My picky 3-year old will eat a burrito with this on it. My family always had this (mild) on the table in Southern California and now that I've been transplanted in South Florida I am happy to mail-order. You can get the little single-serve pouches directly from the company, too.
This company is an American Classic been in business over 90 years. Why? Because it is the best hot sauce and taco sauce bar none. There are some other good brands oout there, but this is the best and nothing compares to it. The Hot sauce has reasonable heat and bite and adds unique flavor to your favorite Mex foods. The taco (Mild) sauce is milder and just perfect on tacos, enchaladas, tostadas, tamales, Bell Beefers, and frozen mex dinners. The harder to find green sauce is to die for. Great on everything! Unfortunately I don't see the green stuff on Amazon but you can find it. Just get it. Try all three. I grew up with this stuff so am very partial to it. I keep about five or six bottles (each variety) on my shelves at all times. After you try this you will not want to go back to the run of the mill commercial stuff.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000GGHZQ">Pico Pica Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz - HOT</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000GGI00">Pico Pica - MILD - Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0084D71ZM">Pico Pica Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz - HOT(PACK OF 3)</a>
I gave this as a gift and it was a big hit.  Nothing was broken, it was gift wrapped (paid for this), and even came with additional salt samples.  I was surprised at the amount of salt in each tube.  More than enough to get numerous meals of use out of each.  It was well recieved and I wouldn't hesitate to buy again.  I will say I think the shipping cost was a tad high, but the salt was a good deal so it evens out.
I bought this product for a friend, but I liked it so much, I'm keeping it and buying a second one for my friend!
I ordered this collection on 6/9/10 and it arrived on 6/12. Although it was was very well-packaged, this did not prevent the USPS from managing to break one of the tubes. The seller was contacted by email and a replacement requested. As this was a birthday gift and the occasion was only a week away, I offered to pay for expedited shipping. Seller responded immediately stating that a replacement would be shipped ASAP. The replacement tube arrived three days later in good shape. My offer to pay additional shipping charges was declined. In summary, this product is excellent and the customer service absolutely first rate. I highly recommend both the product and the seller.
I ordered this salt collection for my husband as a Christmas gift. He absolutely loves it and has used it every night since. This is a great gift for anyone who enjoys cooking. I will be ordering the second collection for him soon.
What a great gift! I bought it for a couple of foodie friends and they LOVED it. It came beautifully packaged ready to gift. I would totally recommend it.
This is such a great product from subtle flavors and aromas for delicate dishes to smokey salts for hearty cooking, this is a great product for the chef who loves flavor and experimenting in the kitchen.  This is such a cool product!!
Last year I gave this along with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1845979125">Salt: Cooking with the World's Favorite Seasoning</a> to my foodie friends and family. They all loved it! The salt tubes were well packaged and I ordered 10 sets and had no broken tubes. The package also came with salt samples which I really appreciate. I have Collection Sets 1 and 2 on my counter and get lots of comments about them when people visit.
I purchased the Old World collection directly from the Spice Lab as a Father's Day gift for my husband.  The item was extremely well packed and arrived ahead of schedule. A small wooden salt spoon, sample packets of gourmet salts and a reference/index card with information about each of the 11 salts were included. Brett was responsive and helpful. This is a great company with an interesting variety of salts and spices. I will definitely make a future purchase and refer the Spice Lab to others.<br /><br />UPDATE: I'm disappointed that my email reguarding a broken test tube and cork has gone unanswered.  The first time I used one of the salts, I was extrememly gentle but a large piece broke off as well as some of the cork top. The tubes should not be so fragile so I sent an email to that affect to Brett, the owner. Despite answering my initial email about how much I loved the gift and where could I post a positive comment, he has not responded with regards to the breakage. Good customer service would be to follow up.....
What a wonderful starter kit this is.  While I am and was familiar with some varieties of exotic sea salts, I certainly had not had the opportunity to try this many at one time.  Tather than chance buying a product that I did not like and being stuck with it, this allowed me to give each and everyone a try.<br /><br />I plan to order at least three more sets for presents this coming year for friends that, like me, are foodies.<br /><br />This is an excellent product.
this product is great  and so is the company I had problem with the post office and they were right there to resolve the issue this is a great gift to yourself or to others
This is a very neat gift for someone you know that is into cooking and eating.  It has a wide variety of exotic salt represented in the collection.<br /><br />There is a surprising amount of salt in the collection.  In other words, each tube holds about as much salt as would fill a small salt shaker.
Purchased this as a gift for a couple of salt loving friends - It is great and attractive! A note to purchasers: we had one vial of the salt arrive empty and it says no returns, if you contact the seller directly they will work with you. The seller send me a replacement vial (very quickly) and even sent a cool little salt dish along with it.  Will definitely get this set for others (maybe even me) in the future.
On Sept.12 I posted the following seller review:<br />  3/5 stars:<br />  "I'm sorry to say that this item arrived with some slight cosmetic damage. On the top front edge of the rack there is what I would call a dent, but it's also rough. From the way it was packaged I would have to say that it was that way when it was put into the box. I intended this as a gift, and I don't have time to return it, so I'll just try to sand it down so it's at least smooth."<br />  Jammies, September 12, 2012<br />Later Amazon added:<br />  Message from Amazon: "This item was fulfilled by Amazon, and we take responsibility for this fulfillment experience."<br /><br />Shortly after I posted it, I received an email from The Spice Lab Inc. offering to send a new block. I sent them a couple of pictures of the damaged area. They sent me a new block and two little spoons to replace the one that was missing from my original order. The replacement block arrived yesterday in plenty of time for my trip to visit my son and daughter-in-law.<br /><br />In hindsight, I should have contacted The Spice Lab before I posted the review, so they could have had time to resolve the problem. I had jumped to the conclusion that I'd need to return the item in order to get a replacement, which wasn't the case.<br /><br />Since it's a gift, I can't speak to the quality of the salt, but I can say that the block is very sturdy and attractive, and the little spoon is a charming addition.<br /><br />I greatly appreciate the efforts of Brett at The Spice Lab, and I would happily buy from them again.
I got these salts for my boyfriend who loves to cook and love his salt! The stand they come in is wooden and sturdy, much nicer than I expected! The salts themselves are phenomenal and I have already bought the 2nd set!
I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes exotic salts, and it was a hit with him. It was well packaged with no breakage. (Some of the reviews have mentioned that they received broken containers.) The wooden holder is nice but not all that permanent. I would recommend this for someone who'd like to sample various kinds of salt and doesn't mind paying a high price. The reason I gave it four and not five stars was the price.
Four of the eleven glass vials arrived broken. The product is apparently not able to be returned, so I just wasted 55 dollars.
One of the vials was broken when we received this product... but you can't return the product or get a refund.  What a rip off.
THIS TASTE IS BETWEEN SOMETHING LIKE FLAX BREAD AND CORNBREAD..... EXCELLENT TOASTED WITH BUTTER AND JELLY...DID NOT RAISE MY BLOOD SUGAR AT ALL.... I LOVE IT.
I just had a wonderful dinner: Fresh fluke fried in a tempura batter. The batter fried up perfectly lacy and crisp, both delicious and beautiful. AND low-carb; I floured my fish with the LC Foods Pan Bread Flour, and then used the same flour to make a batter with some low-carb beer, salt, and a little smoked paprika. An absolute knockout. You really won't believe it's low carb, but I'm about to test my blood sugar levels, and will report back in 90 minutes.
My friend who lives in Fla. told me about these French twists and was complaining that she couldn't find them here in Middletown, OH.  I ordered 12 boxes to see what she was raving about and found only one problem with them.......I couldn't stop eating them.  I ate 11 boxes of them in just a few days and gave the last one away so I wouldn't eat it too.  If a person can stop after eating 1 or 2 servings, they are a great addition to your diet.  Unfortunately, I couldn't stop!!!!!
These french twists are delicious.  I am on Weight Watchers and 2 of these twists have a ONE Points Plus value.  All the flavors of these are fantastic.  You can eat cookies and still be healthy.  Please Barry's Bakery, never stop making these!!  The price on these through Amazon cannot be beat.  I have paid from $3 to $4 per box in the supermarkets.  I will be ordering another case soon.
Love these snacks...great for a quick fix as well as a snack that doen't add the huge calories or fat that concerns many! Great taste as well as consistency!
I saw these in our local commissary one day and decided I *had* to give them a try.  I was only looking for something that might be a better for me choice to satisfy my sweet tooth.  I had no idea how much I would like these and have to have *more*.  I got one bag of the Raspberry and one bag of the Maple and I love them both!!!  I'm thrilled to see that they are a much healthier alternative than most baked goods, especially than the ones I normally choose.  I am not someone who is health consious or tends to read labels before buying an item.  I love these twists and am looking to buy them in a larger quantity so I can enjoy them more often!  They are light and flaky and satisfying and good...a must for me!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000I6G2OO">Barry's Bakery French Twist, Wild Raspberry, 4.5-Ounce Box (Pack of 12)</a><br /><br />I really love this product.  It is not available in our area.  We discoverd it in the North while visiting friends. It is low cal and good for diabetics who need a sugar fix.  Keep a good supply for future orders.
I HAVE BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT BEFORE. THESE SNACKS ARE CRISP AND GREAT TASTING. ALSO LOW IN CALORIES. I RECOMMEND THEM HIGHLY. THEY ARE SHIPPED ALMOST INSTANTLY AND ARRIVE WITHIN A FEW DAYS.
These shortbread cookies are delicious.  I bought some while in London this summer.  They are hard to find and expensive in USA.
Everything I bought was great, infact I ordered twice and the third ordered was<br />for my mother and father.
I sent two Babkas to a friend as a thank you.  He is a big Seinfeld fan so he was thrilled to get both a cinnamon and chocolate babka.<br /><br />He said the babkas were delicious!!!
This is a great product. Great flavors and very fresh. I received it quickly and damage free. It is my opinion that this is a great value and I highly recommend it.
At first, I was concerned about ordering Babka online but I kinda missed this one. As I tasted it the only thing I could say was : "wow". I will order this again for sure.
wonderfully cinnamon-y! i will definitely be ordering it again! and heated up with a tiny bit of butter on it put it over the top in taste.
Looking forward to receiving this product and when it arrived it was covered in walnuts.  Unfortunately, tree nuts are an issue and I wish that there was information about nuts on the items listing.  I will bring it to work for the staff to enjoy.<br /><br />Addendum:  Staff loved the babka.  Picture of product now shows nuts on top, prior listing did not.  5 stars for the babka and 3 stars for the lack of ingredient list. (At least major allergens).
While the flavor and quality of this chili is great, the 108-ounce can is mostly liquid. The number of servings is listed as 12, but the reality is that it will only serve about 5, unless you add more of your own ingredients as the first reviewer indicated. I won't be purchasing this again.
Love this stuff!  I add some diced tomatoes and a pound of ground hamburger and this is great!  I take it to pot lucks a lot.
You can't beat the price and taste of this coffee. It will always be my first choice to buy. My husband brought it home one day because he liked the price and thought the the can looked neat. Little did we know it would become our new favorite.
Can't  go wrong with this.  Remember its jingle:  "Better coffee a millionaire's money can't  buy!"  Always priced right and in this economy that's  not always easy.  Frankly I prefer it over Starbucks where one can easily spend the same amount on ONE cup of coffee!
B U R N E D<br /><br />I read the other two reviews and didn't heed their warning. That's on me.<br /><br />They are 'usable' but they were certainly burned.
I can't believe I wasted almost $20 on this. They were burned! They were inedible! It was so nasty and they took forever to arrive!<br />You should take this product off of your product list. Worst product i've ever ordered
I purchased 6 boxes as gifts at $21 per box.  I spent over $120.00 and none could be used.  Every piece was broken and could not be used for the Seder.  Sending a gift that is broken and can't be used is very embarrassing.  Also the return window is April 18th which is ridiculous since the matzo was for the first Seder which was on April 18th at night.
Every Revolution product I have tried has been a wonderful experience.  Revolution knows how to balance the inherit flavors of tea leaves with other ingredients which make each tea unique and enjoyable.<br /><br />Better Than The Rest<br /><br />I've been buying this particular tea consecutively for the better half of a year now, and I simply love it. No other pomegranate tea comes close to this one in terms of quality and taste.  For example, Trader Joe's store brand (while good) seems as if it has been sweetened (to the point where it's too sweet), and surprisingly the tea turns red after less than a minute of seeping indicating that coloring was added (I didn't check the ingredients, so I may be wrong about this).  There's also Yogi's pomegranate tea which uses a green tea and creates an entirely different taste. I liked it; didn't love it.<br /><br />Complimenting Flavors<br /><br />Pomegranates are often compared to apples.  In fact, pomegranate means "seeded apple" (from latin: pomum - apple and granatus - seeded), and like an apple the fruit is sweet and tart, but has a very strong and distinct flavor.  Thus, a light white tea is the perfect companion; it doesn't overpower the pomegranate flavor but allows it to mingle on the tongue.  Likewise, the amount of pomegranate, or rather the intensity of the pomegranate flavor, is truly perfect.  No flavor overpowers the other, but rather all the flavors compliment one another.<br /><br />Brewing<br /><br />I'm sure someone out there will say that I'm butchering tea when I brew this, but when I do, I leave the tea bag in the mug until I've consumed it all.  I find that the taste never gets too strong and never gets bitter.  Typically this is only the case for herbal teas, which don't become overpowered since they contain no tea leaves.  In this case the same is true, perhaps because it is a white tea which is naturally light. The tea itself literally contains dried pomegranate seeds (flesh included).  Do you know that taste you get a few moments after you eat a pomegranate seed? (If you don't, try it! It's wonderful.)  That initial bite from the tartness followed by sweetness you get (or at least I get) from a pomegranate is captured in this tea, and it makes sense! There's pomegranate seeds in there!<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />Buy this tea!  I was a little skeptical about my first purchase since I was buying 6 boxes, but it was a great choice that I do not in the least bit regret.  I've bought this for myself and for family, with everyone absolutely loving it. Best $20 I have ever spent (and continue to spend)!
Enjoyable tea with a refreshing taste.  The 16-count Pack of 6 represents an excellent buy compared to store prices.
I love this tea.  I have issues with added flowers and flavorings in other teas and Revolution teas tell you exactly whats in it and there are no additives!  I have been ordering from them ever since my first box of tea.  I take it to the office and I have a travel container and take it with me to restaurants.
This is the first time we bought this tea from Amazon, we used to get it directly from Revolution Tea. I don't know if that made any difference, or if it was just a change in the tea's composition (along with the packaging), but what used to be my wife's favorite tea now has a metallic smell and aftertaste, with much less of a pomegranate flavor and now a strong, almost cheap-generic-green-tea flavor. Really disappointing, especially since we're stuck with six boxes.
As an ex-Brit. steeped (pun intended!) in strong black tea, I wasn't sure about this, but Revolution White Pomegranate tea is absolutely delicious, light yet flavorful.  The low caffeine content makes it ideal for an evening pot of tea and of course,iced tea. I hesitated to recommend it in case you run out of it!
The flavor is very mild.  We tried brewing longer and using cooler water temp but the flavor is almost nonexistant.  Would not purchase again.
Trader Joe's Pomegranate White tea is superior to this tea. This is very bitter and perfumey. Maybe thats what you get when you brew whole leaves and stems . I found it repulsive.
Revolution's teas are superb. Smooth and delicate, each one has been pleasant, comforting and a pure delight. I've tried this one, the pomegranate, as well as ginger peach, Dragon Eye Oolong, and white pear.
I purchased this tea for someone who enjoys Trader Joe's white pomegranate tea, and unfortunately it was not a good substitute. Though I haven't tried it myself I was told it had a strong floral taste and aroma which to that particular tea drinker was undesirable.  I am rating 4 stars since this is such a subjective judgement, and I have no doubts about this being a high quality product.
I've been using this tea for for about 6 months and drink it as iced tea daily.<br /><br />I microwave my water on high in a pyrex 2 cup glass container for 2 minutes on high and then pop the little white mesh bags in for about 5 - 15 minutes. I use about 3 - 4 bags for a rich taste and since I'm going to be pouring it over ice. I put my ice cubes in a large glass and pour my hot tea over the ice, grab a straw and it's ready to drink.<br /><br />It also tastes good when I steep 2 bags of the Revolution White Pomegranate Tea with 2 bags of the Arizona Pomegranate. This is my favorite on ice. The Arizona is a green tea. Anyhow, this is my usual lunchtime pick me upper. I want to note that I gave up drinking diet soda in March and has made this concoction my replacement. It was a little difficult at first, but now that awful stuff is out of my system.<br /><br />I have not tried this tea hot, as I am not a fan of hot tea, but I'm sure it's just as delicious. I subscribe to this and the Arizona Pomegranate Green Tea.
This Melitta decaf Riviera Sunset coffee has an excellent taste.  There is none of the weird aftertaste you get with some other decaf coffees.  It's a smooth, mellow taste, even a little sweet and with a hint of cocoa.  I really enjoyed this.  The grind is listed as extra fine, but I didn't find it particularly fine myself.  When I grind my own beans, I have a finer grind than this, but I still expected a stronger taste from the Melitta than I would from other store brands.  However, the Melitta decaf was actually slightly weaker than other store brands we have tried.  We like our coffee strong, about 1/2 cup ground coffee for 4 to 4 1/2 cups water (using measuring cups).  This ratio was not quite strong enough for me with the Melitta, but that is easily adjustable.  The nice thing about the coffee is that, even when I made it very strong, the smoothness remained.  I will definitely be trying other types of Melitta coffee in the future.
I'm not a coffee expert, but I know a good tasting coffee when I drink a cup. The Melitta Riviera is a light roast, with a nutty and creamy flavor. The aroma is just exhilarating. It left a nice aroma throughout the house, almost made it seem like I was in a coffee shop. Unfortunately, it is just decaffeinated and did not give me the jolt I need in the morning.<br /><br />The packaging caused some problems for me. The seal is excessively tight. I've never had this problem with Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, Peet's Coffee, or Meijer packs. With the Melitta, it was so tight that when I did open it, the bag tore apart and spilled a lot of the ground coffee onto my kitchen top and floor. One could argue that this tight seal packs in all the flavor, I could argue that if it were easier to open I wouldn't have spilled maybe 3 days worth of coffee grounds onto the floor.<br /><br />Pros: Light roast, excellent aroma, nutty and creamy taste<br /><br />Cons: Decaf (arggghhh) and hard to open pack<br /><br />Overall: 3/5
The minute you open a bag of Melitta Riviera Sunset you will think you are in Starbucks. The rich aroma is intoxicating, a promise of things to come. I like my coffee a little stronger so I used a ¼ cup ground coffee with 12-ounces water. After brewing the coffee my entire apartment was heavenly scented with a superior fragrance. The first sip was like falling in love. I literally felt heady. The only thing I added was a little half & half and two packets of stevia. I would highly recommend that you have this coffee after dinner with your dessert. This is truly an exceptional coffee! I'm beyond impressed. Now I'm eager to try the Melitta's Parisian Vanilla ground coffee.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
Melitta's rich, flavourful product is a delicious treat comparable to coffees with a much higher price tag. It is a plus that the decaffeinated version does not sacrifice flavour. Highly recommended.
This is pretty decent coffee, for pre-ground decaf.  Here's how a coffee snob reviews it:<br /><br />* Unpacking *<br />This coffee had to travel a long way to reach my house, and it was hot out.  Heat and time are enemies of fresh coffee.  The package was pretty hard to open, I resorted to scissors.  The grind is very uniform with no detectible dust.  The smell is stale compared to the local fresh roasted, non-decaf, beans I usually buy.<br /><br />* Brewing *<br />I busted out my cone and loaded two servings into a Melitta filter.  I poured two cups of 200F water through.  The uniform grind is apparent in that the coffee didn't clog as it does with blade-ground coffee (due to dust).  I drank the coffee black...<br /><br />* Tasting *<br />The smell is of decaf and or instant coffee.  Pretty stale but the decaf process is partly to blame.  Overall I enjoyed it as much as any drip decaf I've had recently.  There was no biting bitterness.  I drank two cups black without much of a gut ache.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Tight packaging with little air helps maintain freshness.<br />- Excellent grind uniformity.<br />- Low bitterness<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Not locally roasted.<br />- Not fresh. Best-by date is a year in advance.<br /><br />Verdict: For mail-order, pre-ground decaf, this coffee lived up to expectations and was drinkable.  3 or 4 stars.
I love coffee.  I love coffee a lot and really don't enjoy decaf.  This decaf isn't bitter though.  Tastes smooth and brews up very nicely.  Enjoyable to the last drop!
This Melitta Cafe. Collection Riviera.Sunset blend coffee is so full flavored, it's much better than other decafs we have tried, and really tastes like regular coffee! Which is great because awe enjoy aided coffee Ian the Summer so no worries about it keeping us awake all night. Recommended!
This Melitta Riviera Sunset decaf makes a better-than-decent cup of coffee with medium body and just a little bite. I used my my usual two heaping coffee scoops for six ounces of water in a Bialetti stovetop espresso maker.<br /><br />While I was enjoying the coffee, I read the package and saw that it recommends two level teaspoons of coffee for six ounces of water. That got my curiosity up so I measured out my coffee scoop and it is one tablespoon. Since I use two heaping scoops, that's slightly more than three times as much as suggested on the package. Following the directions would probably make a watery, undrinkable brew.<br /><br />The coffee has a nice even espresso grind, perhaps a bit lighter than a French roast. I would have guessed that it was primarily arabica with some robusta but Melitta states that it is an all-arabica blend from Central and South America. It is decaffeinated through the chemical-free Swiss water process which is the only acceptable way to decaffeinate as far as I am concerned.<br /><br />Also note the cute vintage travel poster-style label and the clever name: because it's decaffeinated, it's perfect to drink while watching the sunset.
I have a pretty wide appreciation for acceptable coffee, but in my opinion, this stuff is mediocre coffee. I drink both regular and decaf on a daily basis and to me, this tasted like institutional cafeteria coffee. I am normally a fan of the "Swiss water decaffeination process" decaf coffees, and was disappointed by the quality of this "gourmet" coffee.<br /><br />With that said, I did try this twice to give it a fair review. The first time I prepared it the same way I normally make my coffee (on the strong side), the second time I followed the directions exactly. Both times using filtered water and a quality coffee maker that uses the Melitta style (cone) filter. To my taste, it was stale and over-ground (like the flavor was watered out of it and then over-roasted and ground extra fine to try and put some flavor back into it), comparable in quality to low-end bulk coffee. The brands of decaf coffee I do like and brew at home (Dunkin' and Newman's Own, to name only two) are in the same price range, and also purchased pre-ground, but to me taste much smoother, and more full-flavored. This coffee is not one I would make a point to purchase when there are better coffee choices for the same money -or cheaper coffee choices for the same quality.
The price is great but I just didn't like the taste of this coffee. I'm pretty picky about coffee and love to drink strong. This one produce very acidic coffee when made strong, but if you make it thin, then it tastes okay with just slight acidic after taste. How you'd like this coffee is really depending on your personal taste of coffee, but if you are like me, drink coffee strong, or dislike acidic after taste that lasts while, then this is not for you.
The main reason I drink decaf is to have the pleasure of coffee to go with dessert in the evening.  My caffeinated coffee is drunk in the morning... only one cup.  So this coffee is pretty good with evening dessert since I won't get wound up.  Flavor is good, packaged well, easy to brew.
An excellent, bold, medium blend of DECAF coffee for a special evening. Dark enough without being bitter and a perfect compliment for a light desert!
I had never heard of this coffee before but I got a bag and really liked it.  This Melitta Cafe Riviera Sunset Decaf is a very good decaf with a good taste and body.  This stuff is perfect for a late-night cup of coffee or for a cup with some dessert.  Its decently priced and I will definitely buy this again.
I thought this would be a great decaf option, but the flavor is a lot milder than expected. I use a bit more than the recommended amount to coax more intense flavor. A bit better than instant for late night sippers like me.
Melitta's Riviera Sunset Decaffeinated Ground Coffee turned out to be a good basic coffee - not bitter, not burned-tasting, a well-rounded mellow brew that tastes like real coffee. I had it this morning with almond milk, stevia and a pinch of cinnamon, and though I'd had a bad night and didn't even know if I could handle coffee, it was delicious and easy on a morning tummy. Besides brewing it alone to get a nice decaffeinated coffee for night-time drinking (especially in the winter), we've been mixing it with regular coffee in various blends, depending on our caffeine-related needs at the time.<br /><br />The packaging is practical and easy to re-close and the grind is good for my automatic coffeemaker. I will buy this one again.
I remembered that Melitta was a very fine ground, and thought it would likely go well in my coffee maker.<br /><br />But after having a bag of whole beans and grinding it myself, the Melitta came up average at best.  Better than Maxwell House though.
I like this coffee. It smells good while brewing and tastes as good as it smells. for a decaf coffee it is very good<br />will definitely buy this at my local store.
This stuff tastes great! I am not a decaf person, but perhaps I am being won over by Melitta coffee - try it!
I love coffee and admit that I am particular when it comes to good coffee.  I was not expecting much from this coffee and was pleasantly surprised to discover it was quite good.  It falls into the likes of Starbucks and other shade-grown coffee brands -- deep, rich flavor.<br /><br />Though I enjoyed it, I am not sure I would purchase this unless it was on sale.  I do find it a bit overpriced.  If you don't mind spending the money, you will be happy with this coffee.  Otherwise, I would suggest purchasing this on sale for a special occasion.
Wonderful, smooth, satisfying decaf coffee with a fabulously rich flavor.  No chemical aftertaste, like many decafs I've tried.  Apparently, the Swiss Water Process used to decaffeinate this coffee leaves flavor intact, something I've found terribly disappointing in other brands.<br /><br />I've been VERY impressed by the flavor dimensions of this Riviera Sunset blend; served it to some neighbors (who simply won't touch decaf coffee) who were pleasantly surprised to find they actually enjoyed a cup of decaf.  No bitter notes; my husband, who usually complains fervently about the flavor of decaf, has been asking for a cup of this every evening, after dinner.  Believe me, this alone is QUITE an endorsement!<br /><br />I love using my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011528S0">Zojirushi CD-WBC30 Micom Electric 3-Liter Water Boiler and Warmer, Champagne Gold</a> for coffee, tea, and cooking.  I brew my coffee a cup at a time with an individual Melitta brown paper filter <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E0T2">Melitta Cone Coffee Filters, Natural Brown, No. 2, 100-Count Filters (Pack of 6)</a>and filter cone (similar to this one:<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001794Q0S">Ready Set Joe/Mug</a>) and found that the extra fine grind of the Riviera Sunset blend imparted an unusually rich, deliciously multidimensional flavor.  Much fresher than conventional, by-the-pot coffee.  This method also allows me to brew strong coffee (for me) and a milder version for my hubby.<br /><br />Take time to "bloom the grounds" first (add a little hot water to the fresh coffee grounds, moistening completely, and then wait about 30 seconds before brewing) for best flavor (this goes for ANY coffee).<br /><br />Melitta's Riviera Sunset decaf blend is enthusiastically recommended by a coffee snob!  You'll love it as is, no sweeteners or creams needed to disguise this wonderful flavor.  I look forward to ordering more.<br /><br />Update 9/21/10:  Just ordered my first 3-pack through Subscribe & Save; great deal for some delicious decaf!
I enjoy my coffee with plenty of sugar and a flavored creamer. This provided a good base for that experience. As a non-connoisseur, this is just about right: not too strong, not bitter, good "coffee" flavor.<br /><br />For the sake of comparison, I most often drink the ground version of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ55MM">Eight O'Clock Coffee, 50% Decaf Whole Bean, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 4)</a> Right now on Amazon, Melitta's is slightly more expensive per ounce, though Subscribe and Save would even it out and Melitta's brewing instructions call for using a smaller amount of grounds. I would expect them to be about the same quality, and in my opinion they were. This is certainly a coffee I'm happy to drink when I want decaf.<br /><br />One downside is the bag. My husband got to it before I did, but he reported that it required scissors to get it open. The resealing feature on the bag then couldn't be used, so we made the transfer to another sealed container.
My wife and I both thought this is a nice cup of coffee. The bag has a one-way valve on it to keep the air out and arrived virtually flat. When brewed in our Cuisinart drip coffee maker it has a  nice aroma. I take mine with cream and sugar, and Mrs. B. drinks hers black. We both thought it was smooth, with no bitterness. Later it made a nice after dinner coffee when we added our favorite liquor. Tho I am no coffee snob, I can tell a good cup of coffee from a bad one, and this one makes the grade.
This ground decaffeinated coffee makes a fine brew with a rich aroma and flavor. It is smooth and satisfying with a full-bodied taste. My wife and I loved the taste and aroma of this ground coffee. For an ideal cup measure one heaping teaspoon full of coffee per cup of hot water. You could change the quantity depending on the strength of the coffee you desire. I generally drink decaffeinated Folgers's brand, and when I compared the two brands, I did not find a great deal of difference in the richness of coffee. You may want to consider the price variance between the two brands before you want to purchase this product.
I do not like coffee too much. Actually I am very particular about coffee and I can say that this is one of my favorites. It is so smooth and flavorful,the smell is really good and I can't have enough of it.I have gone as far as skipping going to Starbucks or Dunkin for coffee.<br />The price is decent for this kind of product so I highly recommend it.
First off,  let me state that I am not a fan of decaffeinated coffee of any type.  But I often have guests over who ask for de-caf, so I gave this a try.<br /><br />While I agree with some other reviewers who have stated that there is a certain "different" taste about this blend, for me, it was not a bitter taste, but instead, a good, strong flavor that mimicked the strong (real) coffee taste I enjoy.  I had a second cup, and the flavor grew on me even more, and I thought: "it really is delicious for a decaf."<br /><br />The aroma isn't truly satisfying (why does this always happen with decaf?) but I think many decaf drinkers will be used to that lack.<br /><br />The package had to be snipped open with scissors --this is tightly packed!-- and then I just poured it into a zip loc for storage in the fridge.<br /><br />I'll stick with regular coffee, but I'm sure my de-caf loving friends will enjoy this.
I am a coffee lover. It is one of the few pleasures of my life so I was excited to review this product.  Once received I opened it up and gave a good sniff.  I know to some that may sound stupid, but I love to open coffee and have the aroma surround me, this coffee did not do that as much as others that I have used.  I had to really give a good sniff to smell the aroma, but it smelled pretty good once I got my nose in there.<br /><br />I set out to brew myself a pot.  I followed the directions and enlisted my husband to have a cup with me.  Now usually I do not drink decaffeinated, so I was just a little concerned. Decaf to me can taste very flat. But I waited and a nice smell filled the air.  Finally our coffee was ready and we both sat down to taste this product. My husband smiled. He loves any coffee that has Arabica beans. He looked at me and said, "ummm this is really good."  My turn.  I sniffed some more, I'm a real sniffer before anything goes into my body.  It still smelled pretty good so now for the taste test.<br /><br />Okay, it was definitely different than the Dunkin  Donuts coffee that I'm use to and love. However,it had a smooth flavor, but  a little richer than I like and I didn't seem to notice that it was decaf, that was a good thing.  It was flavorful and made a pretty good cup of coffee.  Hubby liked it a lot. So I would have to say it was a winner, a good rich coffee flavor and a good price.
I'm a big coffee drinker (much against my better judgement), but due to a stomach condition, I've been "forced" to drink mostly decaf for the last few years. I usually just get the cheapest coffee I can find near my office; after all, I don't make a lot of money and every penny counts. So it was nice to get this Melitta Cafe ground coffee to sample.<br /><br />When I made my first cup, I was immediately attacted by the pleasant aroma. I put in a little cream and 4 Splendas as I usually do, and found the taste a little on the light side yet quite bitter. Maybe it's because this is decaf, but what I did like was its pureness, something 50-cent coffees usually lack. I have made two cups a day since my first taste and over the last couple of days I've grown to like this coffee. Granted, to me coffee is pretty much like wine in that all the different varieties taste more or less the same except for the level of bitterness, but even I can tell this is gourmet coffee, much better than the ones I get at my local coffee stands or even at McDonald's (when they give out free cups).<br /><br />For a pack of 3, the price seems decent. If you drink decaf, I think this is quite worth a try.
Not much of a decaf drinker (unless I am craving a cup late night for some reason). I have to say, this coffee tasted average at best. I am a WAWA coffee fan, and coming from them to this.. well it missed the mark. I gave some to my mother in law and she seemed happy with it, so 3 stars in that respect. I might try mixing it with my non-decaf coffee to see how it tastes, but I am not holding my breath. If the price was a few $$ cheaper, definitely would bump it up a star.
If you are truly looking for a decaf that will no longer make your heart race, this is not the coffee for you. It is quite flavorful, so I do recommend it to those who can still tolerate a bit of kick in their coffee.
I would recommend this as a good basic coffee.  It has a satisfying flavor and will make many a good cup of coffee.  I prefer drinking my coffee black and I found this to be produce a good cup.  It is not bitter and even though I had the decaffeinated coffee, it did not taste flat like so many decafs do.
My wife finds it bizarre that I enjoy a good cup of joe just before I call it a night. Yeah, sometimes I get a little spiky due to too much caffeine intake and so I thought I'd give this decaff a go. What you get is a good cup without any bitterness but it's a little weak and I recommend dropping about 50% more into your brewer to get a fuller flavor. Also, as it's vacuum packed into a slim cardboard box it arrived completely squished flat - nothing like the fat photo in the amazon product shot. I know it's a minor thing to complain about but I like leaving my coffee out next to the coffee maker and this item wouldn't even stand up. It was about 1/2" thick!<br /><br />So you're not going to have Mr Wolf commending you for your great coffee with this one but for a decaff it ain't half bad.
Like most Melitta brews, I found this one to be somewhat middle of the road.  It's certainly not undrinkable, but it's not the first one I'd reach for, either.  As many of the other reviewers mentioned, I did find it nearly undrinkable when brewed in the quantity shown; I think you have to at least double the amount you use to get a good cup, so take that into consideration when figuring the value.<br /><br />I'm a little sensitive to caffeine and like to have a decaf on hand for drinking later in the day, and I bought this primarily to use with my Mr. Coffee frappe maker (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002FWMF8G">Mr. Coffee BVMC-FM1 20-Ounce Frappe Maker</a>; let me just put in a quick pitch for that, I love it!)  I found the "Riviera Sunset" stood up well to all the milk, flavoring, and ice inherent in making a frappe (again, with a significant increase in the amount used).<br /><br />I would probably not purchase this coffee just because of my own views on coffee; I look for bird-friendly, Fair Trade brands, and I find nothing to indicate that Melitta makes any effort to meet these expectations.  Leaving aside these considerations, though, I think those who enjoy a somewhat light, easy-drinking brew would like this coffee.
Okay, I'm a complete coffee nut: I've even been known to grow my own beans, and when I run out of my private label, I tend to enjoy the baddest Kona or Jamaican Blue Mountain I can find.<br /><br />Still, sometimes I just want a quick cup of respectable coffee without all the fuss, and this is what I was hoping for in the Melitta Riviera decaf. To a good degree, I was happy with it, but it's certainly not something I'd curl up with when in the mood for a really outstanding cup of coffee.<br /><br />The positives are the aroma, the uniformity of the grind and the overall taste, which I'd rate as fairly mild and maybe a slight bit on the acid side. I found I liked it best either in a French press or in my Viviano espresso maker - two techniques that make the most out of somewhat weak coffee. Brewed conventionally, I found I could compensate by using somewhat more coffee than usual.<br /><br />Still, although not a serious competitor to the world's best coffees, it doesn't cost $50 a pound, either. I'd have to say that for the price, it's definitely worth trying.
Great. Not like other decaf, which seems to hav a weird taste to me. If you keep trialing different decafs to find one you like, definitely give this a try.
I like the smooth taste of this coffee. It is decaf so not too strong but really not very light either. It's just the light coffee that sometimes needed at mid-day. recommended.
This is good for packaged ground coffee, and for decaf, it definitely has a strong coffee flavor. This is great for that winding down cup of coffee late night that won't keep you up because of the caffeine.<br /><br />Each sealed package holds ten ounces of extra-fine ground coffee. The bag feels sturdy if you prefer to keep your ground coffee in its original packaging.<br /><br />With coffee prices going up, it may be a good idea to compare the prices of this (if you try this and like it, you get a better price with the Amazon Subscribe & Save option) versus getting coffee beans from your local coffee shop and grinding them at home or having the coffee shop grind them for you.
Disclaimer: I'm a coffee addict.  I'm also a Starbucks addict, so I've become a bit snobby about my coffee preferences and can't stand the economy stuff.  I've had regular Melitta coffee before and was favorably impressed by it, so I decided to give the decaf version a try. Especially when the weather gets cold, I like a nice hot cup of coffee in the evenings and don't particular want to be tossing and turning hours later.<br /><br />The Riviera Sunset decaf coffee is an excellent decaf for those times you don't want the real thing. It had a nice, rich flavor with no bitter aftertaste.  While I continue to prefer the real thing on most occasions, I'm glad to know there's a good, flavorful substitute for when I don't want caffeine.
Smooth with no sacrifice in taste and does taste as good as regular coffee.  I usually don't have any coffee after dinner and never really cared for decaf but I now have an after dinner alternative and no sacrifice in flavor.
Boy , this was good. The aroma when you first open the package leaves one with great anticipation that you will soon be enjoying a great cup of java. Too often times , the result does not meet the expectations. Not so with the Melitta Cafe Collection ! The coffee was amongst the best I have ever tasted. Treat yourself to a fantastic splurge !
I am not a big fan of decaffeinated coffee--I figure what's the point?  Taste is so often compromised.  I have recently found that caffeine bothers me if I drink it after 7pm so it's decaff or nothing at that point.  Riviera Sunrise tastes like regular coffee.  I was so impressed I decided to try it as my morning coffee.  I expected to have a very negative response to not getting the morning caffeine of my usual coffee but that did not happen.  If you must give up caffeine this is a great solution.
I've decaffinated a few times and always find myself returning to caffinated coffee for the flavor. With this product I won't have to do that anymore. The flavor of this coffee is exceptional. It's as full and rich as any off the shelf coffee I've ever tasted. Highly recommended.
This Melitta Riviera Sunset blend is a nice, and light coffee that is suitable for anytime of day.  It's particularly great for drinking at night because it is decaffeinated.  The texture is nice, and does not have an acidic taste or anything.  It's meant for casual drinkers.  I do prefer my coffee darker, WITH caffine, but I did enjoy this blend.  I would recommend giving this a try and judge for yourself.
This coffee was deep and rich, and did not have a bitter taste too it.  I did have to use a little more than what was recommended to get it the way I drink coffee.. but coffee is a personal thing everyone has their desired strength.  The coffee was fresh upon opening but began to go down hill really quick as far as aroma and taste goes, so invest in a good air tight container.  I liked this coffee, but it I could go on in the morning if I did not have it.
We don't drink much coffee, and less decaf, but we have guests who do and so we like to keep some ground decaf in the freezer for when they visit. Everybody has been pleased with the Melitta. Nobody has complained about the taste, and plenty of folks have asked for second cups so they weren't just being politely quiet. We got the first sample free through the Vine program but I would buy it in the future.
I'm not sure what all the fuss is about???  I thought it was a good coffee but not better than the store brand I usually  buy.  ..and beings the store brand is much cheaper... I'll stick with it.  It isn't bad coffee but I just don't seeing it being any better..
This makes a good pot of decaf.  Nothing remarkable - we have served this to many guests to no comments.  Nobody asked us what it was, but nobody spit it out, either :-).  It is smooth and not too strong, which is our preference.  We wouldn't hesitate to buy it again, but wouldn't go out of our way either.
Melitta Cafe is a smooth, flavorful coffee that compares well with regular coffee.  This is not the typical weak decaf blend that is true of many American brands.  Melitta has a rich, deep taste and a nice dark color.  Tastes great black or with cream.  As a stand alone coffee (no cream/sugar) it has a smooth, though strong flavor just like regular coffee.  This coffee is especially great as an after dinner drink.  Strong enough to taste like regular coffee but decaffeinated so it will not prevent sleep later.  Great coffee.
This product had a good nice scent and strong taste. Not too unique compared to a lot of over the counter canned decaffs already available. But overall, it's a good after dinner type of coffee to serve guests.<br /><br />Price wise, it's reasonable but there are many other comparable products that may have a more distinguished taste. Overall, it's a good product and worth trying for decaff drinkers.
This coffee has a nice flavor, not too bitter, just a nice round coffee taste. Rich flavor, naturally decaffeinated with water, and it's kosher. What's not to love?
I've blended this with a darker full-caf Melitta coffee and LOVE the results.<br /><br />The fine grinding is a tad small for the french press I use, but the taste is wonderful.<br /><br />I was a little concerned at the darkness variation in the two when I decided to blend, but the outcome was fine.<br /><br />The only real complaint I have is the packaging. Cheap glue on the metal fold-down part causes it to fall off (true for both bags I received), so don't rely on that.<br /><br />Otherwise, a delicious coffee that is mellow in taste the way I choose to prepare it.
This is an excellent coffee, rich and full of flavor (not watery).  Many decaf's are obviously decaf.  This one tastes great, with a medium body.  The grind is fine, which works great in our drip coffee maker.  It also has a nice aroma and no bitter aftertaste.  It doesn't have the "burnt" flavor that a certain large coffeehouse chain has, which personally I don't care for.  I found it closer to Einsteins house blend, but much better.<br /><br />This is a great quality coffee, highly recommended.  I will be buying more.
I'm a big coffee drinker, and this Melitta Cafe offering is rich with no bitterness. Sometimes decaf coffee has a funny, oily aftertaste, but this coffee had none of that unpleasantness. Highly recommended.
The coffee is good but it is nothing special. Compared to Maxwelhouse decafe this is nearly the same just slightly better. I don't feel it is worth the extra cash to buy this instead of a cheaper variety available anywhere. I did enjoy the coffee but I probably won't buy it again unless it would be deeply discounted.
First of all, when I opened my bag of Melitta decaf, it didn't have that strong, amazing rich coffee smell that my usual coffee has.  I brewed up a pot in my drip coffeemaker, and while it was ok, there was nothing outstanding about the taste.  It was bland and unremarkable compared to the coffee I normally drink.
I have a Keurig coffee maker. You know, the one with the K-Cups.  To have a coffee like this, you have to have a special filter, which I do have.  Honestly, you'll spend a crapload of money on K-cups if you don't get the filter for regular ground coffee.  Anyway, I don't know if it was because the coffee was ground or filtered a special way, but the water in my Keurig had a hard time seeping through, causing a bit of an overflow.  Aside from that, the taste was smooth and flavorful.  It has a coffee taste, plain and simple.  Is it anything special, not really.  It just tastes good and is reasonably priced.
I have been enjoying the Melitta coffee in the evening. It has a nice smooth taste with none of the burnt coffee bean taste of Starbucks. I used much more coffee than suggested in preparation though. I used 2 tablespoons to eight ounces of water. I like my coffee strong but not bitter and this worked for a very good cup of coffee with half and half added.I will be buying it again.
Very smooth and I used my own filters. The smell is so inviting, I used my own measurements because it was not on the package.  I used l tblsp. per cup and I worked out fine for me, I like my coffee tasteful.
If Melitta doesn't sell good coffee, who does?  I grew up using Melitta filters and still individually make each cup of coffee in a single cup filter. Generally I use pre ground coffee (so I am not a purist), although I occasionally grind my own.  I usually drink two cups of coffee a day.  Enough about my coffee habits.<br /><br />Melitta is a pretty trusted name in the coffee industry. and I expected this coffee to be be a quality product.  I was not disappointed with the coffee, although it was not quite as exciting as the regular vanilla flavored coffee I recently tried from Melitta.  The flavor was pretty strong and rich, although decaf always has a slight aftertaste, even with the Swiss Water process used for decaffeinating.  Generally. I drink regular coffee as my first choice, but I admit that I switch to decaf in the evening.<br /><br />I have no problem recommending this coffee as a second choice...
I do not like decaf coffee.  I think it has an aftertaste.  But, I thought I would give this a try.  It truly surprised me.  There is a mellow, full bodied taste with very little aftertaste to be found.  I will definitely buy it again to reduce the caffein in our household.
I'm not a huge fan of coffees from the Americas; I generally find them a bit light for my taste (I'm a big fan of Sumatra and other Pacific-grown coffees)  But Riviera Sunset is a nice, light coffee, smooth and not terribly acid.  It's a pleasant coffee for people who like their brews with more brightness and less body.<br /><br />I'm also frankly not nuts about decaf, but that aspect doesn't intrude too much on the flavor here.
I am a coffee fan who drinks my coffee black; nothing is added to alter the flavor of the coffee. As a result of this habit I find myself somewhat more critical of how a coffee tastes. As a general rule I prefer an Arabica bean but I could not find a reference to bean type on the bag. Curious I checked their web site and found they use the Arabica bean exclusively.<br /><br />On the front of the bag there is reference to the process used to decaffeinate the Rivera Sunset coffee; the Swiss water process is used. Their web site provides a detailed explanation of this process which involves the removal of water soluble caffeine: "Unroasted coffee beans are immersed in heated water for several hours to remove the water-soluble caffeine present in the beans, as well as those coffee components that easily dissolve in water. The water is then drained from the beans and filtered or processed to remove the caffeine from the water. This decaffeinated water is then reintroduced to the coffee beans, allowing the flavor and aroma components to be absorbed by the coffee. Finally, the coffee is dried and ready for roasting."<br /><br />More information is provided on the web site concerning the bean growing and selection process; I found the web site to be user friendly and well thought out.<br /><br />Another habit of mine is the use of distilled water to brew coffee; I've found that public water supplies can provide water with a multitude of different tastes which can negatively influence the flavor of the coffee.<br /><br />Let me finally mention the flavor of the coffee itself. First it is very smooth and rich; I almost never have more than one cup of coffee at a time but found myself thinking more would be nice. That is very rare! The coffee had a delicate fruity flavor which I found pleasing.<br /><br />I did face one challenge with this coffee; the bag was very difficult to open without tearing it. After working on it for several minutes, I had decided I was not going to let a bag beat me, I discovered that I was able to open it be starting at the end where the bag was folded back. Once I got my finger inside the bag the rest came comparatively easy. Fortunately the two small tears I made in the bag were high enough to fold under when the bag was closed. The bag recommends storage in a refrigerator.<br /><br />This coffee is pleasant and refreshing and I have enjoyed drinking it; if you are a coffee lover you owe it to yourself to give this coffee a try and see what you think. I hope you're as pleased with it as I am!
OK- I have to admit I was a huge SB fan (you know, that big StellarMoney coffee chain on every corner). I didn't expect much from a coffee ordered online, but I take any thoughts back after the first sip of this smooth, rich coffee. There is none of the gritty, acidic after taste of other coffees; but instead a blooming, silky flavor of nuts, mocha, and pure coffee. Mind you, this isn't a flavored coffee, it has all of these nuances built into the Riviera Sunset Decaf blend. Oh- did I forget to mention it's decaf? I couldn't believe it myself when I looked at the bag the second day! I thought it was true, caffinated coffee by the flavor alone, though I did notice the lack of energizing (as would any decaf). Highly recommended... and I am switching!
This coffee has a more present flavor than the stuff they brew for us at work, yet it goes down smoothly. To my wife and I, that's a good combination. The fact that it comes already ground doesn't do anything to subtract the flavor either.
I'm far more of a tea drinker than a coffee drinker, but I can't start the day without a cup or three of coffee. Plus, I'm not really awake until I smell the coffee brewing - just not morning without it.<br /><br />I tend to buy more affordable (e.g., supermarket type brands) of coffee so I can splurge on tea. So this was a real treat - outstanding aroma just opening the bag, and even better when brewing. Delightfully smooth taste, and highly drinkable black (the only way I drink coffee or tea).<br /><br />My only complaint is opening the bag. Based on what other reviewers stated, I opened it over a plastic bin so it would catch any spills. Very glad I did - an appreciable amount was spilled when I cut into the bag. I decanted it into an air-tight container. I've had this problem with other vacuum packed coffee, but the very fine grind of the Melitta made it even more of a problem.<br /><br />Still, not enough of a problem to warrant taking away a rating star. This makes a wonderful cup of coffee!
I've tried to give up my coffee habit, but it just hasn't been easy.  DH and I did manage to switch to decaf a couple years ago, so I suppose that's something.  I'm a moderate coffee drinker- I like 1-2 cups of hot joe to get me started in the morning, and *love* a nice chilly iced coffee on a hot afternoon.  This Melitta "Riviera Sunset" decaf is smooth and doesn't have the bitter aftertaste that I dislike in one of the leading coffeeshop brands.  The flavor is great and I've enjoyed it both hot and iced.
What can you say about coffee, either you like it or you don't. I liked this coffee, although when I choose to review it I didn't notice it was decaf. That aside, it tastes fine (made in my Keurig) but if you want the kick get the caffeinated one.
The coffee is excellent, with a smooth taste and pleasant aroma.  It did not have that bitter/plastic  aftertaste you find in a lot of decaf coffees.<br /><br />The grind is very fine,  my cheapo coffee filters let a little bit of the coffee through.  Use good quality filters with this coffee.<br /><br />It was difficult to open the package, and the little wire closer fell off after the second time.  However, I understand why coffee is packages this way, to minimize the exposure of the oils in the coffee to air. And of course a fine grind has a larger surface to mass ratio, making it age even faster.  So I forgive them for the packaging.  You really need an airtight opaque container to store this kind of coffee.<br /><br />Personally I like to grind my coffee right before using, but the convenience and taste of this Melitta  has convinced me that there are other options.
First, let's talk about the packaging.  I hate when coffee come packaged in bags like this.  They're quite cumbersome and in my opinion, do not keep the coffee fresh enough.<br /><br />As for the coffee itself, this was one of the better tasting decaf's I have had.  It has a very rich flavor that you do not normally find with decaffeinated coffee.  It has a wonderful aroma as well.  Very pleased with this product.
When it comes down to Melitta, they definitely have known for all this time, what it takes to really made a great cup of coffee. With their Cafe Collection, they definitelly bring out the best in flavors for all kinds of coffee lovers, and that is really a strong aroma. With their Rivera Sunset, they definitely bring out a decaffinated taste that feels like it is full of pep at the beginning of the morning. I really love it. The taste is strong and the intimate aroma is just delightful. All in all, I absolutely recommend this as a great treat in the morning to wake up and enjoy.<br /><br />Price: B<br /><br />Taste: B+<br /><br />Overall: B 1/2+
This coffee smelled wonderful while it was brewing.  My husband drinks a lot more coffee than I do, and he agreed that this is a great tasting coffee.  We are looking forward to trying Melitta's other varieties.
I am not much of a coffee drinker, mainly because I do not drink caffeine, and because I have never acquired the taste for coffee. However, I was tempted to try this product, and I was really surprised by how good it tasted.  It did not have any of the bitter after taste, and more importantly, I could not tell that it was decaffeinated.  This is important because most decaf coffees have an "odd" taste to me, but that "oddness" was missing from this product.<br /><br />Furthermore, I had to ask a coffee lover for an opinion, so I asked my mother-in-law, who drinks all kinds of coffees from all over the world almost 5 times a day.  She was skeptical at first, because she refuses to drink decaf.  However, after a few sips of this coffee, she said that although it is a "mild" coffee, it was in fact very tasty and nothing hinted at its decaf origins.  She liked it so much, she poured another cup.<br /><br />Between the two of us, we have almost finished the bag.  It should pass the test from even the pickiest coffee drinkers.  I positively recommend this product, and I hope you enjoy your next cup of coffee from this company.
I prepared this coffee in a french press (although it is ground too fine for this).  It had a nice aroma, a full taste and mild bitterness.  It's a fools game to try to describe the taste of anything in any detail-- so I'll just leave you with the coffee was quite good and it would make a good after dinner coffee.<br /><br />My only complaint is the coffee is pre-ground.  Ground coffee is a bit stale by the time you get it, however, a blade grinder will ruin the coffee as well.<br /><br />If you don't own a burr-grinder, this is the best cup of decaff you're going to get.
This is the best decaf my family and I have tried in a long time. It's smooth, not bitter and has enough flavor without being too strong like some other brands I've tried. I like that it's decaffeinated using the natural swiss water process instead of chemicals. That's a big plus for me because many brands don't tell you how they decaffeinate their coffee. I usually buy whole bean, but this ground is so nice and fine, and it saves me time having to grind it and get it just right. I'd suggest following the instructions given on the bag for the best taste, seal tightly and store in the refrigerator to keep the flavor. This is one I'll be buying again.
This review is from my wife:<br /><br />"I'm not one who has all the right words for describing taste and flavor, unfortunately.  I say "unfortunately" because this is a very good tasting coffee and it deserves elegant description.  What I can tell you is that it has no edgy bitterness.  No bitterness at all, actually.  It's rich and smooth.  Yum.<br /><br />I use a European coffee press for brewing and this grind worked beautifully in that.  Not too course, not small enough to make a mess through the screen."
At last- a decaf coffee that doesn't taste decaf!  Smooth, rich, flavorful, with no bitter aftertaste.  Starbucks worthy (but to my husband who doesn't care for Starbucks, it's way better).  We like to drink this in the evening and it's basically dessert with cream and sugar.
Melitta's cafe collection gourmet coffee is wonderful. It tastes rich, and just like a gourmet coffee should.  This coffee tasted like something I could have gotten in Europe at a cafe.<br /><br />It brewed very quickly, and with no coffee grain residue.  This is probably due to the coffee being an extra fine grind. The decaffinated version tasted great on its own, without milk or sugar to season.<br /><br />I'm a coffee lover, and I enjoy Gevalia and Godiva coffee-two other excellent foregn brands.  The Melitta stands on its own, and are their equivalents in taste and price. Enjoy a cup today!
Soon as I got this bag of decaf I made a big mug and it filled my house with the wonderful aroma of high quality fresh brewed coffee.  It is very finely ground but I still used the same amount I normally do and it turned out great.  I added some soy milk, sat back, and enjoyed my rare treat of an after-noon coffee break!!!  Definitely will buy some of this for the winter months so I can treat myself to excellent hot coffee any time of the day or night!
I often find with decaf coffee to be somewhat on the weak side: not in this product.  The coffee had a strong grip, but not bitter, and had a smooth rounded experience when a creamer is used (note this coffee works well with a soy creamer).  You do not need to apply any extra heap of coffee to compensate for a 'decaf' option!  With such a strong grip, I would not recommend milk or low fat milk as you might as well drink it as is!
The aroma of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002TMV3E4">Melitta Cafe Collection Riviera Sunset Decaffeinated Ground Coffee, 10-Ounce Bags)</a> was fairly weak. Scent, after all, is a huge part of taste, and this was disappointing.<br /><br />Even though I added more coffee grinds than the directions instructed, I found the coffee to be a bit bland. The taste was more than flavored water, but not amazingly so, with no subtle overtones. It wasn't bitter, but it wasn't much of anything.<br /><br />While I generally drink hi-test as opposed to decaffeinated, I do drink decaf at least twice a week. The <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002TMV3E4">Melitta</a> was comparable to the generic brand that I usually have.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002TMV3E4">Melitta Cafe Collection riviera Sunset Decaf</a> isn't a bad coffee, but it's not worth the money if there are other options available.
I am in NO way any coffee expert, connoisseur, or heavy user. To be perfectly honest, I had to look up how to SPELL connoisseur! But having a heart attack 6 months ago, I am learning to never use caffeine, salt, or almost ANY darn thing I love. And I HATE anything that is "light", decaf or artificially sweetened. My wife has bought about every single brand of instant decaf coffee for me along with assorted "real" decaf to try in her drip coffee maker. Hated em all, just hated them. Saw this so thought I would try the latest brand I would hate since it wouldn't cost me anything.<br /><br /> First batch was way to bitter for me, didn't even want to try any more but my wife said she would make it weaker. From that next batch on, I became hooked on this brand. I don't like the price, but love the taste.  That conflict alone makes me drop my rating to give it a 4 star overall. If I tinker with taste as I also add assorted coffee-mate creamers (also something I am not allowed anymore but REFUSE to give up), the taste goes to a 5 for me. Even with all the discounts if I order through the subscribe & save program (see below), I find this a bit pricey.<br /><br />____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />UPDATE: December 4 2010:<br />  It still pains me to pay so much but looks like this will be the very 1st Vine Program Item I ever got that will make an actual buyer out of me. As a result, I raise my review from 4 stars to 5 starts. Another thing I like is I have no decaf "aftertaste" that I always experience with other brands. It is a wonderful thing to find at least one new thing (for ME anyway) that I can still really enjoy, that helps me relax in the middle of all this can't eat this, can't drink that "stuff" going on in my life the past 6 months. It's also the time I haven't felt like I was compromising good taste for good health. For that, I am truly grateful. Just ordered the 3 pack on the AMAZON Subscribe & save page.
Decaffeinated coffee is for most an oxymoron, for others an afterthought. It possesses few spots on grocery shelves and has shared little in the "gourmet" coffee line which changed how people accept this ancient drink into their lives. Comedian Bob Irwin even compared the blend to "kissing your sister." The day's first cup comes with a sense of entitlement; subsequent cups transition through the day (work, afternoon, dessert), while wanting both coffee's jolt and cozy sociability. (Instant? Don't get me started!)<br />That's why this new Melitta Riviera Sunset gourmet coffee is a pleasant surprise. It carries a full, almost nutty flavor without the bitter bite of the coffee which, for many, defines their image of coffee and its lifestyle. (This isn't surprising since Melitta's ad copy references the breezy feel of European cafes, a far cry from the irked lines at the morning coffee shop.)<br />No less than Henry Ward Beecher once said. "No coffee can be good in the mouth that does not first send a sweet offering of odor to the nostrils."  Riviera Sunset invites with its scent upon opening and doesn't disappoint when poured.(Hold to the preparation instructions; yours truly made one cup a little too strong and it came across a bit acidic.) Its taste, not its caffeine jolt, is your wake-up call. Recommended as a tastier, if somwhat pricier, alternative to major brands.
Some reviewers say the coffee is bitter- I like bitter but I didn't like this. It wasn't a good bitter taste, it was a "cringe" kind of taste.<br /><br />I drink one of the strongest coffee's out there and this was too much for me. The strange taste of it turned me off...<br />I once owned a coffee pot by Melitta too, and it took a cone shaped special filter. I wasn't impressed with that either.<br /><br />Maybe i'm just not big on Arabica coffee or whatever it is but the taste was unpleasant to me. Not smooth. Bitter yes, but not smooth.<br /><br />It smells ok. I agree with Charlie ( another Amazon Reviewer) who said the package was difficult to open. It was sealed extremely tight and when you did eventually get it open, the bag tore apart.<br /><br />No way would I spend 20 bucks for this. If i was addicted to it, possibly, but even then that's steep. And I surely won't buy this in the future.<br /><br />You can go down to the local "name of popular coffee shop here" and get 2 bags for this price of FRESHLY ground coffee.<br /><br />Melitta makes it sound like it's the greatest thing since sliced bread on their package. Gourmet, Swiss water process, from Europe's charming sidewalk cafe's, top quality hand- picked beans..<br /><br />If you want to pay this kind of money and like Melitta coffee, then get it, but I don't think it's anything special.
I'm not a coffee snob.  I can tell that there is a difference between Kenyan and Columbian, but I can't tell you which is which without a label.  This decaf tastes good.  I like mine with lots of fake sugar and cream; the coffee flavor isn't subdued by these additions.  The bag ultimately required scissors to open.  The blurb for this says "(pack of 3)"; I only got one bag.  Not sure why that is; it's happened before with other products.  Would I buy this again?  Sure, if it was on sale . . . that's how I buy my coffee most of the time.
First off, I received a bag of this coffee via the Vine Program to review at no cost.  Secondly, I am more of a bold, "slap-me-in-the-face" French Roast coffee drinker (or StarBucks Gold Coast), so I had my reservations about this decaf.<br /><br />And ... Well, for me, this coffee had a somewhat stale aroma upon opening the package, an OK flavor once brewed (sort of a nutty strange flavor at first), and once consumed, left an after-taste in my mouth.<br /><br />It is definitely a different roast than I am used to, but it is "decent" for a pre-ground Melita decaf.  More of a medium roast as opposed to being a dark bold roast in my opinion.  Overall ... not too bad.<br /><br />I give this coffee a so-so recommendation.
I remember the cool, modern Melitta drip coffee makers from decades ago. A visual delight of glass and wood (without a hint of plastic), they were elegantly ahead of their time. I wish I could say the same for their coffee. It's fine coffee. Good, actually. However, nothing really special. I would buy it again if priced right, but probably would not go out of my way to get it, and certainly not at a gourmet price point. I must be honest and say that with the Melitta name, I expected a little bit more. Maybe I just got a an "off" batch. Let's hope so.
On an untypically cool August evening we decided to try Melitta Riviera Sunset Decaf. I heaped in too much coffee and what we got was a bitter, overly heavy cup . I know others like their coffee to curl their hair with strong taste. We like it strong but not THAT  much. On our next try we used less coffee and enjoyed a delightful semi-sweet cup of decaf. It was pleasing. Those who love strong, robust, full-bodied taste ought to definitely buy Melitta brand coffees.
I usually enjoy a cup of coffee a few days a week, more as an indulgence than as a necessity.  It's a sipping beverage for me, and flavor matters a lot.  That said, I add milk and sugar, so I'm not excessively picky (or I think so, at least).  So I'm always glad to find new "gourmet" blends to add to my list of favorites.<br /><br />This blend seemed promising, with a very nice aroma and a perfect, even grind.  I usually grind my own beans, but found that this grind worked nicely in my espresso machine as-is.  It even produced a rich, smooth crema.  Unfortunately, my first sip - without sugar or milk - was very bitter.  I ended up adding about a half-teaspoon more sugar than I usually use just to compensate.  Even then, the coffee flavor, itself, was thin and weak.  With just a little milk added, it tasted more like, well, flavored milk.<br /><br />This coffee reminded me of the inoffensive bland coffee my parents used to get for our drip coffee maker a couple of decades ago.  Fine for that application, but not really what I'm looking for in rich, smooth flavor with low bitterness.
This coffee tastes better than Folgers. That's not much of an endorsement, but since Folgers is about all I ever drink, it's my only point of comparison. I would recommend you don't try the stupid and counterproductive experiment of replacing your usual caffeinated stuff with a cup of this some Saturday morning, as doing so will only result in one of those headaches it takes three over-the-counter painkillers to get rid of. And in the meantime, while you're trying to fight off the headache, you'll be completely unable to make headway with that craptastic novel you just got from Amazon, which was reinforcing all your worst opinions of the romantic fantasy subgenre before you had to lie down and commence clutching your forehead.
If you like to have a cup of coffee after dinner with desert then this is perfect.  I love it especially for the fact that I don't feel like a live wire all night from having caffine and the flavor is amazing.  Nothing like a good cup of coffee to make you feel warm and fuzzy after a wonderful dinner.<br /><br />I have tried many different coffee's and have to say this one has a wonderful full flavor without the bite of some of the cheaper coffee's.  Melitta is a great brand and well worth the money.  I also use this to make latte's and it's great.  It's a really fine grind and great for which ever way you prefer to have you cuppa java.  You get what you pay for and this is well worth every penny.
Normally I would not purchase coffee online as I have several coffee shops within a reasonable distance.  I saw this and figured "why not?"<br /><br />This coffee was vacuumed sealed and was tight enough to where I had to use scissors to open it.  One thing I tend to avoid is pre-ground coffee.  I usually like to grind my own beans as I find the taste is better.<br /><br />The smell from the bag was for a lack of better words pretty basic.  Usually, there is a distinct smell depending on the bean and there can be faint traces of something.  There wasn't anything distinct about this coffee.<br /><br />I used a standard drip maker which in itself was probably not the best choice but I suspect it would not matter as I was surprised that there really isn't a strong smell coming from the cup of coffee which I drank black.<br /><br />The taste was kind of bland.  I did try a little piece of chocolate and it did seem to help.<br /><br />Overall it's an ok coffee if you are not an aficionado.  However, it's not something I would add to my list of brands I purchase.
Riviera Sunset Decaffinated Coffee, from the Melitta Caf&eacute; Collection, is a good coffee for that first, morning cup of coffee.  It is a South American blend for those who prefer a brighter more acidic kind of brew, but is still well balanced and make s a fine cup of Java.<br /><br />The coffee comes in an attractive,  black bag with a bag with the now ubiquitous air valve.  The folks at Melitta know how to compact coffee for travel--all ambient air was sucked out of the bag, shrinking the usual size of the 10 ounces from its expected size, to a small, dense brick.  Cutting open the bag, there was an audible hiss as the bag seemed to expand to double its size.  The aroma was intoxicating--think deep coffee with chocolate hints and with nothing acrid about it.  The bag does not indicate the level of the roast, but on inspection the coffee appears to be a darker roast (somewhere between a `full city' and European).  The bag states that this is an extra fine grind, but on inspection it seems to be less powdery than you'd want for fine espresso, and is more of a fine grind.  This, I imagine, is meant a compromise so that the coffee is suitable for both the common drip coffee machines that use a filter or could be used with an espresso machine.<br /><br />For some reason, the instructions indicate that you should use two level teaspoons for every six ounces of water.  I'm not sure how they drink coffee in Europe, but in the US coffee machines measure by the cup.  This leads to a bizarre ~2.7 teaspoons of coffee per cup and (to my taste) a slightly weak cup of coffee.  In spite of the grind, I'd stick with the usual 1 tablespoon per cup proportion for your drip coffee maker and work up from there.  Your intuition should serve you well, and I'd stick with your usual measurements (I'm one of those `heaping' tablespoon per cup guys).<br /><br />The coffee definitely shows its South American origins.  In spite of the darkness of the roast and richness of the aroma, the coffee once  brewed is more light, breakfasty, and slightly more acidic than I imagined it would be. Given the type of coffee that it is, it also might have benefited from a slightly lighter roast. Still, it is a well balanced South American blend.  It lacks the distinctiveness of a single origin coffee but given that it is a blend has a more rounded, less biting flavor.  Although decaffeinating can sometimes sap the bold flavors of a coffee, this coffee still has a lot of personality and a distinctive taste.<br /><br />This is not for the pure coffee lover who likes a dark, earthy, and oily cup of java that can basically stand on its own.  This coffee is more for people who like to add a lot of buffer--a fair amount of milk and sugar or one of those Torani syrups (e.g. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E2QS">Torani Syrup, Vanilla, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3)</a>) for a little extra flavor, for those who like those kind of things.  It also makes a great iced coffee.  If cold brewed, the coffee loses its tannic edge and is more smooth and sweet, but also loses a little personality in the process. (I did not try using this in an espresso machine as I do not have one, but I don't think that it would yield a great espresso.  Concentrated, I think the acidity might become overwhelming.)<br /><br />All in all, this is a fine blend of coffee at a fine price.  With a little experimentation on the proportions, it yields a fine cup of breakfast coffee.
This coffee had two strikes against it: it was decaf, and it was already ground. I do use decaf, generally in a 50/50 mix with full strength caffeinated coffee, but I always like to grind my own beans to assure freshness. Still, I thought I'd give this Melitta coffee a shot (it was free from Vines, after all). I'm happy to say it surpassed expectations. I made a pot without mixing it with anything and drank it black, as I always do. It's surprisingly drinkable, if a little on the light side. Still, the taste is fairly rich and appealingly winey, though I do like a little more smoky aftertaste than this provides. (There's really not much aftertaste at all, truth be told.) It's as good if not better than nearly all the straight decaf coffee I've ever had, and having it ground as opposed to beans really doesn't seem to be an issue here. Ground coffee does tend to go stale more quickly than bean, so I'd suggest using it fairly quickly, but that's easy to do with a 10-ounce bag. If you're a decaf drinker and prefer not to have to grind beans, I'd highly recommend this brand...
The initial aroma upon opening the package was decent, though subtle. Unfortunately, it quickly dissipated - I really couldn't smell anything after a minute, which I assume is due to it being pre-ground.<br /><br />I brewed this coffee in a French press as well as in a drip brewer. Both results tasted flat and boring, although there was a decent amount of body - at least it was inoffensive. Perhaps a notch up from bad diner coffee. For about the same price, you could get better tasting fresher beans from a cafe or natural foods store.
I am amazed at the consistent flavor of Melitta coffees. Seriously, I sip any Melitta coffee and can identify it immediately as they all taste the same. Not bad coffee, always a darker roast and a deep flavor, but always the same no matter what flavor is printed on the package. The Riviera Sunset makes a nice rich cup of decaf coffee, perfect for an after dinner treat.
Melitta Cafe's Riviera sunset coffee isn't bad, it just sadly isn't all that great either.  It is not something I would buy again, mainly because I'll probably forget about it.
I have had to cut back on caffeine recently because of heart palpitations that seemed to be made worse by all the coffee I drink (5 cups a day, maybe.) So I am mixing 1/3 Melitta Colombian and 2/3 decaf. I substituted this for the other decaf I have been drinking and found that it has a rich smooth taste. Very little to none of the burnt taste that decaf often has. The price on amazon makes it a pretty good buy as well. I don't care for the packaging, however. I couldn't get it open without cutting the top, and then I had to transfer it to an old coffee can to store it, with all the mess that that entails. If it were in a can, I would be more inclined to buy it. But the taste for a decaf is quite good.
I'm surprised how much it tastes like coffee. To be completely accurate, it tastes like a watered down coffee (like the kind you get at hotels) with hazelnut flavor -- and a *very slight* earthy undertone. If someone gave me a sip and didn't tell me what it was, I'd think it were coffee, let's put it that way.<br /><br />There's not all that much root per teabag though, and since I like strong coffee I only use 6 oz of water per bag and steep it covered for 15 mins. Then with some cream and sugar it's quite good.<br /><br />As for the liver tonic claim, well dandelion stimulates bile flow and supposedly helps clear out some stuff gunking up the liver. I don't know about that yet, but so far I haven't noticed any ill effects from drinking this. I feel fine, if not outright good after drinking a cup, but that's as far as I can confirm the effects.<br /><br />And with even decaf coffee containing 5-15 mg caffeine per serving, this stuff being completely caffeine free is a blessing for those of us who go bananas and light public property on fire when we get the slightest bit of caffeine. Anyone who needs a coffee substitute, do give this a try.
I've read lots of other reviews deeming this tea as "coffee tasting" or with "roasted flavors," but to be very truthful, it tastes just the way I could imagine second hand smoke would. It's very very strong, requires 15 minutes to steep, and is not for the faint hearted. I've heard wonderful reviews related to weight loss regarding this product, but I was not able to tolerate the taste long enough to actually see any weight loss benefits. Good luck to those who care to brave this "roasted" flavor.
I have been taking this tea twice per day and I am enjoying the way I feel
This is part of Dr. Oz's Tea Diet. Works like a charm. I have lost inches already and I have been on it for 4 days.
This was the worst tasting tea, actually the worst tasting anything, that I have ever consumed. I took one sip and could not bring myself to finish the cup. It tasted like dirt, which makes sense since it is a root. The rest of the tea bags are going in the trash.
Hands down, by far the absolute worst tasting tea I have ever had.... and I have ALLOT! I am an avid tea drinker and I just can't get it down. The benefits are supposed to be amazing so I'll keep it around to water down and sugar up but wow it's bad. So strong too, tastes like dirt (*that's been pissed on in the woods).
Dandelion root is reported to aid in reducing high blood pressure, which is why I drink it.  I've pretty much given up coffee drinking and this is a tasty substitute, though one must acquire a taste for it.  At home I use bulk roasted root but these tea bags are fantastic during travel.
I really like this tea, I started drinking it at the suggestion of a friend.<br />It helps to sooth an upset stomache. I will be buying it again in the future.
I love this brand of Dandelion Root tea.  The tea is so good for your health and keeps you regular.  Transaction went smooth like always.  So glad to hear Amazon may soon have home delivery of groceries to my door.  I have some disabilities that require someone to shop for me but I do a lot of it on Amazon.com
I love this tea. And it makes you feel very healthy, which is so needed during the Christmas and New Year season.. I haven't used it in one week, and I can soooo feel my body needing a good detox.  I recommend for anyone who has stomach issues, over indulges, and wants to feel generally better.
Reveived my item fast! It was exactly what I ordered in excellent shape with safe shipping - i will came back and shop here again.  Thanks
I drink this tea every day (I'm 7 months pregnant), and have done so since I found out I was pregnant.  I love that it's organic and contains all the herbs that support a healthy pregnancy.  I don't notice anything dramatic when I drink it or don't drink it, but I will say I feel nourished when I drink it, and have had NO PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS WHATSOEVER.  I'm 36, this is my first pregnancy, and I have been exceptionally healthy throughout.  I highly recommend this for any pregnant woman--at least a cup a day!
As an avid tea drinker of all corners of the earth, I have had hundreds of teas, and everything from this company as well. I read about this tea as a very powerful health herb but all the reviews said it tastes bad. What do I care? I'd rather be healthy. I never take sugar in my tea either. If you've read this far you are waiting for me to say how bad it was. You can't imagine how bad it is. Without exaggeration I would describe the flavor as a very bitter tasting dirt. Yes, as a 32 year old with children I know what dirt tastes like and this tastes like dirt but with a super bitter taste that makes it hard to drink. My recommendation is to let it steep for a shorter amount of time as to not make a rich bold tea. As you know, the longer it steeps the bolder the tea becomes. Yea, don't do that with this. Four stars because it is apparently very good for you and I thank the company for bringing it to us regardless of the taste of death when other tea companies are using Artificial ingredients to make their teas taste better.
I was pleasantly surprised by the stronger than I expected ginger flavor in this product.  It is excellent, if you like ginger, try this.  Best on hot biscuits!  Update.  I've just reordered, wish they sold it by the gallon, its different, something you can't find locally and excellent.
First, let me state that I brew most of my tea in a gaiwan, hence, I use loose leaf tea.<br /><br />White tea is one of my favorites so I'm always on the lookout for a nicely priced Bai Mudan.<br /><br />As much as I love Bai Hao Yinzhen, I just cannot afford to drink it exclusively due to the volume of white tea I drink.<br /><br />I thought this was a pretty good price and when I opened it up it didn't look too bad either.  Much to my surprise, after taking the first layer off the top (I transfer my tea to good tea tins) it was nearly all powder/dust with hardly any intact leaves.  This is extremely problematic if you don't use any filters or screens (like me).  I don't mind when some tea leaves get in my tea and it is pretty much normal if you don't pour through a screen, however, this was so broken up that it was just unworkable.<br /><br />I have only opened one bag at this point so there is a chance that it was just that bag or possibly even a bad batch but at this point I most likely won't be ordering it again.<br /><br />That being said, the whole leaves that were there (on the top) looked fine.  It does have a bit of a green tea taste (vs some other high quality white tea I am used to), however, it isn't bad or anything.  Definitely drinkable on a regular basis if the bag wasn't mostly powder.<br /><br />I took a couple pics so I will post them...keep in mind this came in two pouches, I poured into tins and that is where I took the pictures (the product does not actually come in tins).
I love this tea!  Both the green and white varieties are quite consistently fresh.  I have ordered this at least ten times from various internet sites.  I didn't realize how old and stale tea from the grocery store was until I had this brand.  For organic tea, it is quite reasonably priced.  They recommend using two tsp. of loose tea per cup.  I use half that and it tastes great.  Never, ever bitter!  Very smooth tasting.  I highly recommend!
Was glad to find this procuct on line as it is not sold in stores around here.  Found a jar at a grocery outlet and decided to give it a try.  Sure glad I did.  I researched this company and they have been in business since 1898. This is the only preanut butter I really like. It is made with peanuts with no sugar and chemicals added to make it taste better.  It doesn't need to add anything,  Great product and seller was prompt and shipping was reasonable.
This was a great Mother's Day gift. The packaging is unique, very artful, and well designed. Inside are different pouches for each of the Wine-a-Rita flavors. The box is substantial - it feels great wrapped up in wrapping paper. Also the Wine-a-Rita people had the foresight to put two different types of recipes on the box: one for wine and one for hard alcohol. Brilliant move in my opinion. My mom is not the biggest liquor drinker, so now she can make iced drinks with wine as the base rather than hard alcohol. Though other reviews state that they only received the drink pouches in a plastic bag, this was not the case for my purchase. I will update this review if we tinker with the recipes.
This is definitely a "Girl's Alcoholic Slushy."  There are 6 different flavors, and you can use any wine you choose. The package directions are for an entire blender of slush. I have found that using a Tablespoon or two at a time makes just enough for one person.  Good stuff.  Have not found anyone who does not like this product.
I have tried all of the flavors and every one of them are all delicious! They are great for parties and entertaining!
This review is for the packaging and not the actual mix, since the mix is a very subjective thing and my taste my not match others and, some wrote about how poor the packaging was. All I can say is with mine there is more than enough labeling, on the bags themselves and on the box there are instructions on how to. Granted the box is nothing heavy duty or special and the mix is in plain white bags, there are more than enough instructions to go by.
I had tried these at a friends house and loved them, but could not find them anywhere I shop. They are very good for parties or a weekend treat for you and the girls.
I bought these and yes they do come in plastic bags with a label on each but also included was a five sided box that you can fold together that has a picture of each flavor, one on each side. It makes a cute little colorful box, nice to give as a gift if you put it together.
I also bought two of these as gifts, and will be returning them for the same reason as some of the others.  Unacceptable packaging!  Unless you have already tried the product, there is nothing about this that makes you want to try it.  I assumed (big mistake!) that there would be some kind of packaging, but there was not.  This is really sad too, because the product is great.
I purchased this as a present but it doesn't come As shown in the picture.  It is little white bags with the flavor written on them.  Someone receiving it as a gift wouldn't even know what it was unless I explained it to them. Will be returning.
I bought this for a Christmas gift, but I will be returning. There is no box or packaging as pictured, it is just 5 white baggies containing the mixes, which would be fine if I was just buying for myself but not for a gift.
I'd rate these as better than average but since I am not a fan of flavored coffees, I'd only give them a 3 rating as to me they taste artificial and weird like all flavored coffees do. The regular coffees were very good better than many. I really liked the Amazonia and the Africana medium roasts, not so much the Colombian. The dark roast Eclipse, Mexican, and French Roast were very good. I made them into ice coffee, strong but not bitter. I didn't care for the Costa Rican light roast, it had an artificial taste to me. The House blend was good but nothing to write home about. I hate decaf so I used that K-cup to water my plants with, so as far as taste goes I have no idea but my plants perked up. The Chocolate raspberry went nicely into a chocolate cake batter in place of water and it was delicious. If priced right I'd buy them again.
I ordered in order to get variety of flavored coffees, and have to admit disappointed in the selection. Several duplicates of ordinary coffees received. Also 2 of the flavors advertised which were my primary reason for ordering were not included.
Product was timely delivered as advertised.  There is a wonderful selection of coffees which my clients and I are currently enjoying.  Will order again.
I was very excited to recieve my shipment today then to be disapppointed because 2 of the flavors that I was told would be in the package were not there! I really wanted to try Creme Brulee and Raspberry Chocolate truffle!  I am looking forward to trying the others but had I know I would not receive these flavors I would not have ordered this product!  I also did not recieve the Pink Ribbon flavor!
love van houtte k cups. the selections provided allow one to sample coffees from different regions as well as taste the "flavored" coffees without having to buy a complete box of each.  Then, you can pick the ones you like & buy that particular coffee..great concept!
this is very good coffee I have been purchaseing this coffee for a long time an as long as amazon carys tiis I will keep buy it I like the tast it has a nice chocolate tast to it
I love the subcription option at Amazon and am using it to get this smooth and non-bitter coffee! I love it.
I got this at a local discount store for $6. It has an excellent flavor and the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead if 5 was personal preference.
My first package came damaged but the first rate customer service department replaced it quickly. The orzo are delicious and easy to cook.
I've used this product in traditional risotto recipes, but it's also excellent to use in things like chicken soup, makes a nice, creamy, thick soup base.  I'm still exploring other ways to use this wonderful product.
I'm not sure why no one seems to like these very much!  They are pretty good to us.  I haven't had a problem with them falling apart and they're easy to slice for toasting.  My son,(who is the one on the GFCF diet), is extremely picky and suspicious of anything new, ate these muffins without hesitating. I sometimes poke a hole in the middle and serve as a 'bagel'.  These are a regular staple in our house.
If you need gluten free, non-dairy and no egg, pickings are pretty slim.<br /><br />If you use a really sharp serrated knife and work carefully, you can split them successfully.<br /><br />Great for mini-pizzas!
These are ok. I like the sweet potato ones better and both have good fiber content.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FFRY3G">Ener-G Foods English Muffins, 15.1-Ounce Units (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />These are one of my favorite gluten free items and a regular item to keep on hand.  I take for lunch and toast and very filling and easy but cheaper than going to fast food places.  I use for mini pizzas, Hamburg buns, bacon, egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast, chicken sandwiches, etc.  Easy to take on trips or friends and family to eat. Must toast or bake for best favor.
How can you go wrong with buying these in bulk for less than $3 per unit when they can run as high as $5 per unit retail?
These are great. We were told to stay away from wheat, barley and rye. This is a good answer for us. They a not pre-cut so you have to cut them in to. I recommend them.
Pkg says soy free. Ingredients (and my stomach/bladder) say otherwise!<br />Also, lots of fiber in this one. If you can handle fiber (and soy) this food will fill you up like crazy. If you have IBS and have trouble with fiber,or are eating a low residue diet be careful....<br />I'm going back to the bread. Eating a sandwich on it grilled is a fair substitute for the dreaded wheat...
This product is very good but I have this feeling that it is rather highly priced. I don't know why gluten free products in general are very expensive when they are made from easily available ingredients.People with Gluten problem are not just "eating Healthy" but are sick and should not be exploited. I like the muffins particularly when they are toasted.
Tried this item liked it. This item was cheaper to get than buying at the local store, easier to get and it has a longer shelf life than what i was getting.  Around here driving 30 miles one way is local.  P.S.  These can make great mini pizzas
The Ener-G English muffins that I received from Amazon were not of the same quality when I buy them directly from the distributor in Seattle.  They crumbled and had dense places that were not really edible.  Also, there were only 4 in the pack instead of 6. I had to cancel my recurring order.
The Ener-G Foods English muffins look good in the packaging, but something in them makes them mushy on the bottom.  This presents a gooy feel in the mouth, and both my husband and I got stomach aches.  Won't be buying this again.
These english muffins are okay at best.  They are very hard to cut and break apart easily making it hard to toast.  They definitely have to have something like jelly or peanut butter spread on them otherwise, do not taste the best.
If you are looking for  English muffins - go to the grocery store and buy them.  These do not even resemble English muffins and are tasteless.  However, if you are on a restricted diet (wheat flour, soy, dairy, gluten,etc.) these might be for you - check the list of ingredients.  I didn't care for them at all.
I tried these for a substitute for a sandwich roll, I couldn't cut them without falling apart!  I ended up toasting them in pieces, more like chunks, and with enough cream cheese, they were only OK!  Tapioca hamburger rolls are the only products I would recommend!
These are not the greatest.  Thought they would be great to have on hand when guest come.  Not so.  They were not what I had expected.
Come on Amazon, give me a break.  Powdered tofu?  Get in some real food and I'll buy more from you. I went looking for table sugar. You've got 100 weird kinds of sugar (that you expect me to buy in bulk!) but NO just plain sugar. I'm not eatin' any more of this rice and tofu bread either.<br /><br />Sorry I just had to rant.
Dried berries, still with texture and the quintessential aroma. Pot roast is so much better with half a dozen berries flattened into the breadboard and scooped into the pickling mixture. But in ten years, trying to find them - gee. So now I know to look for it on Amazon.
Again, exactly what I ordered. No fuss, no muss. Arrived on time. Pretty much an ideal transaction. Only thing that threw me was that I underestimated the quantity. (gallon baggie in the freezer, ftw)
Berries are find, but the package is bad. Unable to open neatly and then it rips open and your berries are all over the floor.
I've been sampling as many sugar-free chocolates as I can find.  This one was okay but not the best.  I don't think what I got was the freshest either, as it had some of that white coating on a portion of the bar.  The BEST I've found so far is Cavalier brand at another website.
shipping was really good,and i got what i ordered on time. will buy from again,alittle pricy but my little dog likes them.
DO NOT BUY!  REVIEW ONLINE!  Looks like another treat made in China with multiple reports of suspected poisoning!!!  Please only buy treats made in the USA!
THANKS TO AMAZON FOR CARRYING THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT . MY LOCAL GROCERY STORE NO LONGER CARRIES THIS PRODUCT AND GENERALLY PROMOTES THIER PRIVATE LABEL HOUSE BRANDS .<br />FOR THOSE FOLKS WHOM ENJOY FETTUCCINE ALFREDO , THIS PRODUCT CANT BE BEAT .<br />IT IS FAST AND VERY EASY TO PREPARE AND A EXCELLENT ITALIAN PASTA DINNER CAN BE READY IN 30 MINUTES OR LESS .<br />FOR ME , I DO ADD SOME EXTRA PARM CHEESE TO THE MIX , YET , THAT IS PERSONAL PREFERENCE .<br />WE REALLY ENJOY TOSSING IN SOME BONELESS AND SKINLESS CHICKEN , GRILLED , TO ADD TO THE SAUCE AND CREATE OUR OWN....CHICKEN ALFREDO .<br />THANKS AGAIN TO AMAZON AND TO MC CORMICKS FOR MAKING THIS PRODUCT AVAILALBE .<br /><br />CHUCK RUNZO , PITTSBURGH , PA .
I love to eat pasta but totally clueless on how to make one...saw this while at the grocery earlier, decided to try it, followed the instructions and viola... one awesome dinner!! note: I did add some parmesan and romano cheese to add more flavor..
I went searching for charcoal dog biscuits after reading that they help with digestive gas and bad breath.  This appears to be only one of two brands on the market.  I haven't tried the other one (I think it's called Sportmix) because the other did not make a biscuit for small dogs.  My dog has been eating one a day and I can't say for sure whether or not they work. She used to have really smell gas; she hasn't dropped a bomber like that in a while so maybe it's due to the biscuits - who knows?  She does like these biscuits very much, so I will surely buy them again.
My 4yo Cardigan Welsh Corgi loves these things, and when they stopped carrying them at PetSmart, I had to go here for them.  They seem to be made of good ingredients, and they're the right size for him.  Plus, he loves them and that's what's important!
I HAVE A 7 YEAR OLD SCOTTISH TERRIER WHO HAS SOME FOOD ALLERGIES. NO WHEAT FOR MY GIRL. :) THIS TREAT IS GREAT FOR SETTLEING AN UPSET STOMACH AND MY DOG LOOKS FORWARD TO HER CHARCOAL BONE TREATS.
My dog loved these and I think they probably helped with his gas and dare I say his breath too.
Everyone here who's tried Exclusive Energy has been surprised by its unique ability to pleasantly refresh!<br />Hope it will become more readily available.
Love the products, both the sugar free and the regular are great. Feel refreshed, absolutely no crash. no after taste. stopped drinking Monster and Full Throttle and started drinking Exclusive!
Most of the time, you want crackers because you want to get the dip or whatever topping into your mouth! With these, you can have those snacks again without having to worry about the calorie content of your crackers!<br /><br />They're only 17 calories a slice, and each slice is about the size of a 3 x 5 notecard. They're delicate and have a nice easy "crunch." These ones in particular have a lower sodium content as well, versus the pesto and garlic ones (they're a bit higher in sodium content, over 200 mg per 3 slices).<br /><br />It's an excellent addition, no matter what diet you are on...or if you're not even on a diet! I bring them to parties and everyone always asks what they are and where can they get them.
I highly recommend these very tasty Kavli Thin Crispbreads. I wanted something different than just white bread for sandwiches. I hate whole wheat. I love rye. I saw these, noticed the ingredients couldn't get much simpler and gave them a try. Topped with cheese, or a sandwich spread or whatever you'd like they're very tasty. I feel as full after 2 or 3 of these, topped of course, as I did with just white bread. They're nice and thin so it isn't like biting into anything hard - just a nice crunch. The flavor isn't strong at all - it is very mild and nothing like a rye bread you might have purchased in the past. Then I noticed that they are only 20 calories per slice. What's not to love? They taste good, they're whole grain, they're super low in calories, it's no crunchier than a potato chip, and I feel satisfied while chewing and after eating them. Oh - and they keep forever in the cupboard. I definitely will be buying these for a long time. :)
Great alternative for those who can't eat wheat. A little bland, but crunchy and crispy.
As someone who suffers occasionally from digestive difficulties, these Kavli Crispy Thins are among the few things that I can eat at such times.  I always keep these crackers around to add to soups.  However, there are also times when they are the only thing I can properly digest.  This is a great item to have around when having digestive difficulties associated with the flu or stress.  For me they work better than the "bananas, rice, applesauce or toast" of the BRAT diet used in relieving IBS. These thin, easy to chew crackers are a really great product.
Based on other reviews, I tried these Kavli products.  They're great low-fat snacks.  These are great with natural peanut butter and jelly between 2.<br /><br />Recommended.
Kavli Crispy Thin Crispbread is the right consistency for multiple uses.  The taste is fantastic.  It's fresh and pleasant to eat.  Kavli products are the best.
My wife is on the low carb diet, well WE are on the low carb diet - which means: "small breakfast" if you do not have time to make eggs and bacon. "It is hard to get the coffee down without peanut butter" she says. We have been using crackers like these Kavli crispbreads to "get down the peanut butter" since before I can remember - I think it was when Dan and Mary Eads published: "Protien Power Plan" in the late 1990s. Many years ago we found these to be the best. We could only find them in Wegmans grocery store in NE Pennsylvania, and now that the Army has moved us (again) to Fort Knox, KY we can only find them at Kroger. Recently we cannot seem to find them there either, so we order them. They come fast, not broken, and they are fresh. Also, they are not any more costly to purchase online and pay for delivery than to waste time looking for them. One note: My wife hates opnening things, and we found the best way to do so with these is to cut off the end of the cellophane(?) with scissors - prevents cracks of this thin bread!
I enjoy my Kavli Crispy Thins so much and so often that I now order by the case. Besides being naturally low fat and naturally nutritious, Kavli Crisp Thins are a great replacement for salty, fattening nachoes, and/ or pizza. With Crispy Thins, you can make your own nachos by layering the Crisps w/ chopped tomatoes, cheese, even ground meat ... pop 2 Crisp Thins w/ toppings in microwave, and  you've got your delicious nachos, (or pizza). I have Crispy Thins w/ melted cheese every morning ... great way to start the day. No, I don't work for Kavli ! This is not an ad, but a truthful review. Also so nice and easy to be able to order Kavli ( and just about everything) via Amazon.
My wife like these better that the Swedish version, Wasa, as she finds the taste better and likes the thinness of the product.  We will buy again.
Wheat-free, natural ingredients, easy to chew. Dry by itself but is good with coconut oil and/or fruit spread.
I haven't seen these on the shelf for a while now so decided to buy here, although 12 boxes is a lot. They're great with butter and honey. Haven't tried them with anything else.<br />They're very thin and fragile and so whatever you put on them will stand out.  But they still have a healthy taste.
This crispbread is nice and thin - great for those with more sensitive teeth.<br /><br />I eat 3 of these in the morning for breakfast with Smuckers Sugar-Free jelly on them.<br />Guilt free and delicious.<br /><br />You do have to be a little careful when spreading heavy stuff on them like peanut butter.<br />If you press too hard they can break.<br /><br />One thing you can't tell from the box is that there are actually 2 air-tight packs in the box.<br /><br />I'm currently eating these and the ryvita sesame rye crispbread.<br />Highly recommend both.<br /><br />Note: I have lost 12 pounds by changing my diet but I give the most credit to 2 things.  Rye crispbread replacing almost<br />all of the flour in my diet.  And drinking oolong tea which helps burn belly fat.<br />You do need to exercise a little bit too.
I love rye. Used to eat the thick rye crisps, but my old teeth just can't handle them anymore.  But I still love some crunch. I also like to eat healthier and these crisp thins are whole grain and have more fiber than many bread options.<br /><br />It was getting harder to find them locally so I started getting them here on Amazon so I never have to be w/o my favorite cracker! Another bonus - I've had these around the house for years but my kids never showed any interest (just some weird thing mom ate) until I ordered a whole box of them last month. My last daughter still at home thought maybe she should try them since I bought so many. Now she's hooked so she's taking them off to college with her!
I was looking forward to this order from Amazon. I've been on a calorie restricted diet for months and it's the taste of grains (bread, chips, crackers)that I miss the most. I find these Thin Crispbreads from Kavli to be the perfect solution. They are ultra thin. I mean they are thinner than you might think possible.<br /><br />As soon as I saw the first one I was amazed it made it through the shipping process in one piece. So far I have not come across a single broken cracker. My next thought was...."well, as soon as I bite into it, the thing's going to explode into a thousand tiny shards. I was amazed when it held together and showed only a perfect half moon hole where my teeth had been. These crackers really hold together nicely.<br /><br />The flavor is very plain. There is no seasoning, and very little salt. they taste like the grains they are made from. I have ordered a case of the "Garlic" flavor and look forward to trying them. I eat these with a generous spoonful of very low calorie pepper and eggplant spread that makes for a very low calorie snack. I highly recommend these.
I have been buying this delicious crispbread for many years, but for some reason it is no longer available in stores. It's an all rye product with only natural ingredients and is just a few calories per cracker. Because it's so thin it doesn't overwhelm the flavour of cheese or tapenade, which is my favourite thing to have with the crackers. I thought maybe I'd overdone it by buying two cases, but I'm already into the second box after just a week.
I highly recommend this product.  Can't beat the calorie count.  My favorite use is putting natural crunchy peanut butter and blackberry jam between two pieces.  Also great with cheese.  Healthy product.
I discovered these when I moved to Canada a few years back.  Before this I had only experienced a thicker Wasa crispbread and was a bit put off at first.  The feelings dissolved the first time I ate one of these with light laughing cow cheese.  They are a little more "powdery" than I'd like, but they compliment most cheeses very well without overwhelming them.
The title says it all - if you want a cracker that doesn't interfere with the flavor of what you're topping it with, but also adds a delicate crunch, this is your cracker.<br /><br />Recently at a friends house we were having some various crackers with a little butter and when I asked what the first cracker was, I was presented with a box of Kavli Crispy Thin crackers. The only way I've tried them so far is plain, buttered or with homemade cranberry jam and they're hard to put down.<br /><br />I was a little surprised to see the other reviews bringing up the healthful aspects of these crackers as the two main reasons I love them so much have nothing to do with anything other than what I want out of a cracker - light, crispy texture and delicious flavor!
Hard to find on the store shelves.  Doesn't over power the flavors you put on it.
I just tried this crackers and am so pleased.. They are very very thin but strong enough to hold a spread. At only 16 calories per large cracker 3x5 inch size , you really can enjoy a nice treat for under 50 calories. A wonderful find for those of us that try to eat healthy and with some control
Product was as described. It was shipped promptly and I will be consuming it as part of a medically supervised diet..it is the only bread that I'm allowed.
I discovered the Kavli thin crackers in paris at "Marks & Spencer" in 1980 and Kavli has been since, "my bread" and I was happy, when we moved to the US in 1987, to find them also here.<br /><br />I can say that kavli has been an important part of helping me to keep my weight
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT SUGAR IS THE SAND OF TIME ?  SINCE THE INGREDIENTS OF KAVLI CRISPY THIN WERE LISTED ON AMAZON, AND THE TIME I RECEIVED MY ORDER,  SUGAR  WAS ADDED TO THIS PRODUCT.  YOU ARE GOING TO GET IN TROUBLE, MISTER.
It is very strong and pure! you just need a little bit to get a great flavor. Helps with digestion but the smell is strong!!
This tea has NO flavor, tastes like dust It "looks" like quality -- pretty package -- but it's no good. Lipton regular Pekoe is farrr superior.
So okay, I don't do hot tea; BUT this is a perfect loose leaf tea for iced tea.  Am I an expert at Ice Tea?  No, but after moving to the South some 25 years ago, I have tasted lots of iced tea and this one makes as good as you can find anywhere.  I will say that most recipes I could find must have been for some cheap tea bags (weak, somewhat tasteless and bitter), so I experimented a little and found a great recipe for this loose leaf tea.  The recipe is 1/4 cup tea to 8 cups water.  Bring the water to a boil take it off the heat, put the tea in, let it steep for NO MORE THAN 5 minutes and strain into a container, let cool to room temperature and refrigerate.  If you are in a hurry, fill a glass with ice and pour the tea over the ice.  This works great for this particular loose leaf tea - not strong, not weak.  Oh yes, if you like sweet tea, add the sugar to the container while the tea is hot.
These are so tasty I use them when making my cheesecake cookies and in pancakes there's nothing that they can't be used in. They taste sweet and not overpowering.
Order these with the idea in mind of putting them in waffles, pancakes & a cookiie recipe that I had.
looking for bits as real blueberries seem to have no flavor these days.. these were very good,  Would def buy again
I buy Gosh That's Good Sugar Free White Velvet all of the time.  This is the best SF White Chocolate that I have ever used.  It may be a little expensive but it lasts a long time.  Buy it and ENJOY!
I have been looking at this product for a couple months and finally gave in.  First of all, the name got my interest!  The taste is delicious BUT I'm having problems with the directions!  Haven't figured out if it's actually a hot beverage or do you put it in a hot beverage?!?!?!?!?  It has a scoop (small) and says to put that in a cup (instructions for 8 oz.) and then put a couple "shots" of hot water!  Shots of water????  And you can add frothing milk.  Hum!  Confused but I guess I will work with it.  Hope it doesn't take the whole container (very large) to figure it out. I would have given it 5 stars had I understood the instructions!
This stuff is AMAZING!  Fast shipping and most of all the best tasting sugar free low calorie item on the market.  Bravo!  I use it in my coffee and its a real treat.<br /><br />THANK YOU!  Will be ordering more very soon.
Wagyu beef is a kobe beef Japanese cow crossbred with an American cow. It's the best possible beef you can get in the US and is not illegal.
I keep these in the freezer when unexpected guests drop-in, or if one of the staff has guests.  What we do prefer is to slaughter the fatted calf, but that is not always practical due to anticipating aging times.  Having just said that, I realize that I must institute a detailed and precise slaughtering schedule to insure always having quality beef on hand.<br /><br />I may have given these Kobe steaks four stars if that were my only gripe, but I have a problem with  the size.  First off, these cuts are only one inch thick, which is ghastly offensive.  I steak should be, at the bare minimum, two inches thick.  I do not even associate with proletarians, and can only imagine the horrors that these "people" committ against decent food.  Can't these people just eat sensibly, or not at all.  Please don't get me started, for I wanted to include sterility drugs in all fast food, particularly the bargain menu, but that is merely a hope and dream for another day.<br /><br />Secondly, isn't there a law somewhere about a steak less that  two pounds?  My heavens, this fourteen ouncer is a mere sampler, a tease.  I suppose these cuts are intended to be given away at those offensive stores that the yuppies flock to as lemmings to a cliff.<br /><br />Lastly, I must close this review before I become too distraught.
Kobe beef comes from a specific prefecture in Japan and is illegal to import in to the United states. In fact, it has been illegal to import since 2010 in any form. This is just overpriced regular American beef.
My youngest cat is very particular about what he eats.  He absolutely will not eat if something doesn't meet his expectations.  Between that and the recent pet food recalls, I've had a really hard time finding cat food that I can feed him.  I'm happy to say that the Merrick Turducken clicks with him, plus it has no wheat gluten or other fillers.  The texture of it is appealing, too . . . it's not just "mush" or Spam-looking like many foods.  I'll continue to buy Turducken and plan to also try out some of the other Merrick flavors.
I open a can of this stuff, and it looks like real food.  I spoon it onto the dishes for my four, and it dishes like actual meat and sauce.  All four of them dive right into it, and all four saucers are licked clean.<br /><br />I have seen the health benefits to my cats from feeding them high quality grain-free food.  This Turducken canned food is one of the staples of their diet.  I love feeding it to them, and they love eating it.<br /><br />In my view, it's worth the extra money to get really good food for one's pets.
really gets the mouth watering, a little over $3.00 at BIG5, the price listed here is insane!
This is a good deal for a flavor not often carried in the stores. The honey berry flaver is a good thing, not being to mediciny and things of that nature. Yum
I've used this BBQ sauce before and it is good especially considering that is free of so many negatives (like corn syrup and for us gluten) but the price on this can't be right.  Order directly from the Daddy Sam's website to pay $5.50/19 oz bottle.  This price would HAVE to be a case price although the description says 19oz.
This was a cute, affordable set for my 2 y/o son's golf theme party.  They were a great size for a half sheet cake and he's played with them as toys since his party.
I only used one green with it's ball, etc. with the golfer on the cake.  I made one long hole with fairway, sand traps, water hazards and green.  My hubby loved it for his big 30th golf themed party.  I used the extra golf clubs, balls and pins on the decor table around the cake.  If I had a huge sheet cake to decorate I could see using the three greens but it wouldn't have fit right on one 9x13 cake.  Knowing I was buying Wilton made me confidant that I would be very satisfied and I was.  And for the price, I couldn't go wrong :)
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000VMBDI">WILTON 13 PC GOLF SET 1306-7274</a><br /><br />I am very happy with this product I purchased this item for my collages retirement celebration. I have received numerous comments! WOW everyone wanted to know where I purchased these Items; of course I was proud to say amazon.com..... I would suggest my friends to Purchase this product from Wilton as the price is very cheap and the quality is very good...
The Golf "set" arrived quickly and was just as pictured. The birthday for my five year old grandson turned out great.
The set is bigger than I thought it would be.  It would take a very big cake to set up all of this.  I ended up using only the golfer and a ball.  The golfer is about 3 inches tall and the clubs are 3-4 inches long.
The BEST sugar substitute at this time. Swerve is virtually replacing sugar in our home. Bakes and measures the same as sugar with no aftertaste. Can't wait for it to go mainstream to be able to buy in our supermarkets.
My dog is a finicky eater when it comes to canned food.  After trying MANY varieties from both the pet store and the grocery store, the Alpo Chicken in Gravy is all he will eat (I can sometimes feed him the T-Bone steak flavor).  I guess it looks and tastes more like "people food" than the other varieties.  My only complaint is that when I received the shipment (pack of 24), almost all of the cans were dented, and a couple had dried gravy on the outside of the can.  One can leaked out - the dent was at the seal on the top.  Normally, I'm not someone who is picky about dented cans, but this was a little much.  A couple of the cans actually had a funny smell when I opened them.  So, I guess I'll go back to buying at the grocery store.  Just thought having them shipped to the house would be easier than lugging them home from the store.  Oh well.....
I am absolutely amazed with the taste of this product. I'm not too much of a fan of the Caramel Dip, but the syrup is equally as delicious as its Pancake counterpart. I highly recommend it, but ask your local grocers to see if they're willing to carry it. This is far too expensive than what I paid going to my grocery store.
I feed my two Pugs and occasional rescue Newman's Advanced Dog formula. I like this better than the regular Newman's, because it has less ingredients. I supplement with high quality can food, organic free range chicken, healthy powder and salmon oil. My boys are healthy; their coats are amazing. Highly recommend but with supplements--see above.
Newman products have been used in our home for years. After researching Newman's Adult Dog food I felt confident in giving the food to our two cocapoo's. They love it! One of them wolfs it down in 4 seconds! Really, I timed it.<br />With so many companies recalling dog foods,I felt the Newman company being organic would be more reliable. Keeps me from worrying so much as I pour that bowl of food for them.
This food is great. My 11 year old beagle loves it and she is much more active since I changed her food. I highly recommend this dog food.
We have had trouble in finding dog food for one of our small dogs who obviously has a very sensitive stomach.  We have tried several kinds of dog food for her and Newman's Own Organic seems to be agreeing with her. So we will continue purchasing this product through Amazon as long as it does.
Love the fact that it is on Subscribeand save.  The change to this food has had many benefits. My dog loves it, has aided in the suppression of tear staining (he's part beagle, part King Charles), and makes his poo firm.
I was using Organix for a while, and was happy with the ingredients, and my dog seemed to enjoy it. Then I saw all the great reviews for Newman's Own Organic Dog Food, along with the great price, and decided to give it a try.<br /><br />They say that it takes a dog a while to get used to a new food, but I have to tell you: from the first day I gave him the Newman's Own, he REFUSED to eat the Organix anymore, he loved the Newman's Own so much - even though he'd eaten the Organix for years! I even tried mixing the bit of Organix I had left in with the Newman's Own. But he would just pick out the pieces and leave them on the floor next to his bowl.<br /><br />So, I don't know what it is, but my dog sure seems to love this food! He's eating more now and he's very healthy.<br /><br />Again, I had no complaints about the Organix. I think it's probably a good dog food. But my dog sure prefers the Newman's Own!!
I have a 11 yr old Pomimo (1/2 Pomeranian, 1/2 American Eskimo) who seems to only like human food. Although I'd love to give him human food all the time, I know it's not good for his digestive system, and it doesn't have the proper nutrients required for a dog, especially at his current age. Upon trying various brands including Blue and Call of the Wild, I couldn't justify the price in comparison to how little my dog liked the taste. After reading some positive reviews here on Amazon for Newman's, I decided to give it a go. Surprisingly, my dog started eating the food immediately after I poured some into his dish. He never does that with other dry dog food, and usually waits to eat after I've given him a nibble of everything that I eat during the day. What makes it even better is the reasonable price for the quality. Yes, I understand that organic and quality US-made food are naturally more expensive, however some of the brands charge double of Newman's and provide only half the taste. As humans, we're usually sold by the nutritious & wholesome advertisements when buying dog food, however I think its pretty important for my dog to actually like the taste of the food also. Newman's seems to be the ticket for both nutrition and taste. Will be buying Newman's as a regular!
We have been feeding our dog Newman's Own since she was very young.  She was a finiky eater and I was a determined owner who insisted on organic food.  Both of our needs were fulfilled when we found this great product.  It's the only dog food that she has eaten and she is going to be 9 years old next month.  The only reason she ever has gone to the vet is for her shots.  I highly recommend this food....I am SOOO glad amazon carries it now because we had to drive quite a distance to buy it before at a organic pet shop.....
I'm very pleased with this dog food.  Haven't ordered anything else for my dogs since I bought this.  My lab and my malti poo both eat it happily and I'm happy that it is healthy for them.
I highly recommend Newman's Own Organics Dog Food. Natural, high is nutrition and with out fillers. Keep your dogs healthy and with lots of energy for a long time!
It took for a week to waiting them to ship for the item but soooo pleased to myself and my dog :-) Thank you for the Newman's daughter to keeping an awesome company n' caring our pets!!!! 5 stars!
I switched my dog to this food and watching him truly enjoy eating and the taste of his food is worth anything.  He has eaten Precise foundation formula for the almost two years since I adopted him.  He often goes off his food and/or vomits from time to time.  I've tried switching him to Wellness and Blue Buffalo with no positive results.  I can't tell you the immediate difference in him from the first time he ate the Newman's...and he looks forward to every meal, doesn't beg for other stuff because he is satisfied, and he seems to have more energy.  He is a 110-lb Great Pyrenees and finally very happy with his food.
We have two Westies who, to say the least, have very sensitive digestion systems.  Since using this product, their hair is soft and moisturized, they love their food, and to boot, they are down to their recommended weight. We're on the automatic delivery program and that's the best no brainer ever.
The ingredients are really wholesome. And, fast delivery!<br />It would be nice if they had some type of fish formula though.<br />But my dog loves them and will buy again!
We switched to this brand because one of our dog's eyes always teared, and someone said it could be from a corn allergy.  This is one of only a few brands that is corn free and it cured the teary eye problem quickly.  BLUE brand does not contain corn, but they include garlic in their blend which can cause kidney problems in dogs over time according the veteriniarian.  It smells more natural than Purina One which I had been feeding them and they seem to like it better.  I like that the sales from the food go to charity too.  A good product.
We've originally bought this as our dog's first food and then switched to Wellness. Dog had runs for a few weeks hoping it would go away then went back to Newman's own and now our dog feels a lot better. Never switched his food ever again.
My dogs love this food! No allergies, more energy and nicer coats. My big dogs skin doesn't seem nearly as irritated and I am assuming with a little more use his skin will be normal again. We like it m2 ofore than any other I have seen. My only problem is that I have 2 dogs one huge one and 12.5lbs hardly make it a month. We really could use bigger bags or a qty discount. Plus I cannot find this in any stores so when I ran out I had to by a substitute...<br />UPDATE: My second shipment did not arrive at all. i have been trying to contact buyer but I cannot figure it out... Had to go back to the old food at least I realize that this food did not help with the dry itchy skin that the dogs have.. :{
This brand is the lowest price I can find in organic dog kibbles. The subscription is convenient. I wish the company makes 50 pound bags.
We have been using this product for over a year now, Goldie our dog loves it, she is 15 years old now.
Good but not my favorite.........Newman's Own Organics Adult Dog Food Formula, 7-Pound Bag....I now buy my dogs Taste of the Wild Salmon just great stuff buy it on Amazon!~ The less fillers the better not meals for my doggies!~
I have two English bull terrier with bad allergies. One of which is very picky and quickly stopped eating any type of dog food that I bought. They have been eating Newman's advanced dog formula for active or senior dogs for 18 months now and have not tired of it. Their skin and mobility has improved and they love it. I buy it by subscription so we never have to worry about running out and it is the cheaper way to purchase. My local stores only sell small bags which is an expensive way to buy.
Received in a timely manner and in good condition. My Mishka is a little spoiled (I cook her meals when I can afford it, buy her wellness kibble when I can't) but she ate this willingly. I bought this because it qualified for overnight shipping, unlike the much heavier wellness bag, and she was almost out of kibble. I'm happy with the compromise.
I buy Newmans Own adult dog food for my two chihuahuas.  I've always fed them natural, human-grade dog food, even though most brands can be a bit pricey.  Like most pet parents, I try to do the best I can for my dogs which starts with feeding them right.  Most dog food can be disgusting and the practices behind it are disturbing.  Newmans Own is more affordable, and I feel good about the company's ethics and practices so it was worth a try.<br /><br />My dogs love it so it was easy to switch from the other brand.  They gobble it up! I now have it on subscription so we don't run out.
4-year old Elkhound loves this food, and it keeps her in great health.  Amazon has the best price I've found for this food, and it's even better with subscribe and save.  I highly recommend it.
Great alternative to dog food with corn and other by-products. Our picky dogs enjoy this food and so do I, knowing<br />it is better their health.
I feel good about the quality and mix it with canned PN food.  She doesn't care for it by itself but then she doesn't like any dry dogfood.
One of the best for our 11 year old Jack Russell mix.<br />I always check to make the first ingredient is meat or chicken, not a byproduct.
I have 4 adult Shih-Tzus and while they do prefer it when I cook for them...... they do eat this and it has helped eliminate the brownish tear stains they get when I feed them some dry foods.
I've been searching for a no-corn natural dog food to keep skin rashes away...tried Halo which was great but so expensive.  This is a little more affordable and the ingredient list looks very similar to Halo, but....oh boy.  I'm just glad it's warm enough to have the windows open!  My dog loves the taste and the quality seems great, so we'll try 2 more days to see if things settle down.
I read all the reviews before buying this food and overall I was impressed with the product myself.  The dogs like it, they have no ill effects as 1 reviewer alleged (looking at her other reviews I think hers should be tossed by Amazon) and I can get it for even less on a subscription with Prime which means 2 Day No Cost shipping.  Whats not to love?  I do mix this with some Prescription Diet J/D since I have one "older' dog and 1 with some allergies and the combo seems to help.  Bottom Line:  It is a good product and after doing a ton of reading (I don't buy my animals cheap food or ANYTHING that I think comes from China) I think it does everything it claims.
My YorkiePoo thrives on this dog food.  I ran out two weeks ago, no local source, bought a competitor's so called equivalent only to see my Quinn suffer from itching and belly aches.  I ordered this from Amazon yesterday, free shipping, they sent it out hours later and I recieved it today!
My Tibetin Terrior is 3 years old and has been on Wellness food since birth.  I just recently found Newman's Own Organics.<br />The price was a bit cheaper, plus free shipping to my home!  AWESOME!  When I started to gradually change foods.  My LIVI,<br />would eat only the Newmans' and leave the Wellness to later when she was really hungry.  So Funny!  She is the "queen" and she knows it!!
I don't know why, because it doesn't look very appetizing, but my two dachshunds love this stuff and scarf it down with great abandon.
I have been using the product for several months now.  The dogs seem to like it and having it delivered is really nice.  What more can I say?
Hello, I have tried some different foods for my dog,but this is the one she tolerates the best.I have a 13 year old Border Collie/Lab mix and have been giving her this food for quite some time now.She loves it.Thank you.
the auto ship is a terrific way to get hard to find dog food like Newman's-- I can;t find it in my area at all, and it is all my elderly dog can eat with her IBS and preservative sensitivities.<br />  Easy and cost effective.  I only wrestle with the CO2 footprint on having it to be shipped :((  And am working on finding an offset for that. !! :)
I feed my 10 year old toy breed this food and she hasn't complained yet.  Was feeding her Eukanuba her whole life before the dog food scare.  Switched then to only organic brands like Wellness.  This product has been the best deal on organic dog food I have found and with the subscribe and save...perfect!!
This is a great product. Very comforting for owners that it is all natural (and mostly organic) with no by products and preservatives.<br /><br />We gave our dog (a 7 year old lab mix) PetPromise before. After the transition it took a couple of days for her to get used to it, but once she did she loves it. My dog is quite picky about her food and she likes "junk food" better rather than wholesome food and treats (of course!). She is very used to Newman's own now and it gives her very good bowl movement. Always a plus!
I adopted a rescue dog who had an allergy to corn. I checked every bag in local stores but all main fillers were corn. I thought I would have to drive to nearest pet store (120 mile round trip)to find a corn free dog food. Then I found this brand on Amazon which listed all the ingretents. No corn! My dog loves it so much, I even use it as a trick when training her. I'll be buying again and again.
My dog never met a meal she didn't love including this one.  The price is very good, especially utilizing the subscription option.  I make 2/3 of the food I feed my dog, it's very easy and economical and the best way to control the quality.
very high quality food that my dog will actually eat .. always ships promptly and well packaged
I've always given my dog what I thought was high quality dog food since she was a puppy.  After the pet food issues of a few years ago I switched to only organic dog food for her.  Since she is only 10 lbs the price difference isn't too bad.  I am a free feeder which isn't ideal but means my dog basically has access to food any time she wants it.  Because of this she only gets really excited when "people" food is offered to her.  Well when I open this bag she comes over and eats asap.  Good enough for me!
This food might have great contents, but my 7 1/2 lb, 11/2 yr old poodle doesn't like the taste. She's not a picky eater.
Yayy!!! Not feeling well today and dreading having to go to grocery store. But the one thing I cannot do without is dog food. (love my dogs). Low and behold, the door bell rang and it was like Santa heard me. I can't believe how quickly my order came. I was so happy I posted on facebook, and text to my mother. Thank you AMAZON :-) Thank you PRIME!!!
Based on the great reviews from everyone about their picky dogs loving it and always eating it I figured my picky dog would enjoy it as well.  The price for the amount is also very good considering it is all organic but sadly my dog hates it..  She smells it and walks away and when i try to hide the food she finds her way to eat around this food.  I wont be buying it again but I really wished my dog enjoyed it so I could continue to support this brand.
I tried many different types of dry food for my picky eater, a cavalier king charles spaniel. When I found the Newmans own I hit gold. My dog loves it, he licks his bowl clean, and best of all it is good for him. His coat looks very healthy and his intermittent stomach issues are controlled. I am really happy with this brand. I wish it was available at more stores.
I have started buying a lot of organic food over the past year, and it dawned on me that perhaps my dog should be eating more healthfully also. When I look at the list of ingredients on regular dog food, it is downright nauseating! I bought some of this Newman's Own and my dog loves it. She usually gobbles it up the minute I put it into the bowl.
I expected Newman's Own dog food to be great.  It may be very nutritious, but my little terriers told me, "We are NOT eating this stuff.  Period.  No Way."  After 3 days they sniffed their bowls and walked away.  So I ordered another organic dog food (Natural Balance Organics) and it came today.  So, half old, half new, by the book, and they picked out the new stuff and left the Newman's in the bowl.  Go figure.  Just thought some of you might like to know.  I am switching them from Iams to something much healthier and I finally think I have a match.  But it's not Newman's.
This large bag of dry pet food is highly recommended for you adult dog. It's also worth purchasing this larger sized bag (or get two of them at once) in order to stock up on this food for a greater length of time.
My dogs love it, even the little princess terrier.  I've tried many other brands and they enjoy this one the most as so far.
Fast Delivery.  Product arrived exactly as described.  Would purchase again from this company.
I believe that dog food should be what your dog likes to start with.<br /><br />Next, I think that you should do research to make sure it is right for<br /><br />your pooch!!! All human grade products go into the dog food, another<br /><br />decision is the size, and for 14 lbs. a 7 pound bag is perfect!!! Buying<br /><br />at Amazon is a great way to buy, because they have the 7 pounder!!!
If you are looking for an actual organic dog food, Newman's Own is not the way to go. I accidently purchased this thinking it was what it claimed on the front package, only to read the ingredient list to find out that basically everything else but the chicken was organic. With all of the drugs and hormones fed to conventionally raised "food animals" this ingredient is the most important one that should be organic.
I cringed a little after reading the ingredient list. Way too much grains and not enough quality protein for our dogs. Notice all of them are at the beginning, which means they make up quite a bit of the diet. Soy protein is included but some dogs don't do well with soy (mine) and meat should be the protein source in dog food, not grains.<br />Not recommended for your furry ones.
I rotate between Newmans, Nature Balance, and Ceasar Milans organic dog food. My dog eat's all three so can't say which is better. My main reason to purchase this brand (or any Newman product) is for the charity the profits goes to. My way of supporting companies that give back.
I signed up for the monthly subscription for this item. The price is great especially without having to pay shipping charges. I love the fact that I can manage the subscription by skipping a month or ordering it earlier than scheduled. Amazon has been excellent getting my shipments out on a timely manner. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VK33C6">Newman's Own® Organics Adult Dog Food Chicken & Rice Formula, 7-Pound Bag</a>Very pleased with all my orders from Amazon. Extremely pleased with their customer service! THANKS AMAZON!
I purchased two bags of this dogfood, after one week of feeding the newman brand, my dog started vomiting after eating, she had gas all the time and lied around whimpering due to stomach ache, after having her checked for a stomach disorder, I took her off the newman dogfood and the symptoms disappeared.<br />I have sent three emails to newman dogfood website, no replies or acknowledgement, phone number not available, the dogfood is expensive and THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON EXISTENT.
Just signed up for the Subscribe and Save option.  Saved a few bucks per bag versus the local store, and now it will show up every month.  Hopefully the rhythm will match the consumption rate of my two dogs! (the shortest shipping interval is 1 month, but you can trigger an immediate delivery if needed)
I don't know why this got such good reviews but my Yorkshire really doesn't like it. He likes Iams more than this and it's cheaper.
I feed my dog Royal Canine brand which I typically have to mix with chicken stick or wet canned food for her to eat - I thought this stuff would be more flavorful and easy to serve.  Upon opening I could tell I made a mistake - smells like cardboard - my dog won't eat it no matter how I dress it up, much less could I get her to eat it plain.  Plus, it has none of the science behind it like higher end brands like Royal Canine - the Newman brand is spreading itself too thin here - they should stick with pasta sauce.
I had to pick up a grocery store brand after running out of our regular Innova dog food. I fed this to my 160lb dog for a week and could not believe the amount of waste this brand produced! He was going up to 10 times a day! Unbelievable! This just goes to show how much filler is in this food. Would never recommend.
This food is organic, sure.  However, look at the ingredients, top 7 includes chicken meal.  Never feed your pet anything with chicken meal or chicken by product.  It's a cheap substitute, and really is bad for the dog.  I suggest a brand like Evo, Blue Buffalo, ect.  No ingredient should be meal or by product.
I guess my animals (cat and dog) can't read the amous names on bag warpings, as they almost refuse to eat this stuff unless nothing else available and they are hungry.
I have 4 dogs and all were sick on this food. One actually almost died. It had to be ressucitated. After I spent $4,000.00 on Vet's bills I decided to call the FDA to analize this food. They found Ethoxyquin on it - a pesticide. [...] I just want to make sure if someone out there has the same problem, that it must be known. I'm still not happy about this incident. I decided not to pursue it any longer, but I still feel people should know. These 'Organic' companies can't get away misleading people. If everyone exposed them, then this would be a better world. Think about it...<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000YQMB1G">Newman's Own Organics Chicken Rice, Advanced Dry, 25-Pound</a>
Chicken Meal<br />NOT legally allowed in human food<br /><br />Subject to only the less-stringent animal food safety standards<br />May contain "4-D" chicken products:<br />* Diseased chickens<br />* Chickens that were Dying prior to butchering<br />* Chickens that were Dead prior to butchering<br />* Disabled chickens (may carry more infections)<br />Rendered<br />May contain waste products<br />* Restaurant waste<br />* Meat processing facility waste<br />* Packinghouse waste<br />Not subject to testing for quality standards or nutrient levels, may vary widely from batch to batch
The number one ingredient is chicken... not organic chicken just the hormone pumped junk you wouldn't eat yourself. I will stick to Natural Balance which is sold here on Amazon as well.
I put this in my dogs bowl and the first time, my dog,Bob Saget, just licked the bowl clean same ol same ol. Then! I put in some Uranium Ore and bamy waowi HE TURNED GREEN!!! Good results. The next day his eyes startes to glow and, when I took him for his daily stroll he looked at the neighbors cat and it levitated and exploded Good results.<br /> I think I'll try some my I have a few people that the world dosen't need :-)
I will never again even CONSIDER a dog food with corn, wheat or soy in it. Grain has no place in a dog's diet!
I HAVE TO SAY IN THE BEGINNING..I HAVE NOT TRIED THIS FOOD, IT HAD ME SOLD. I SAID OH BOY! ITS MADE BY PAUL NEWMAN IT "HAS" TO BE GOOD! THIS SHOULD "NOT BE CATARIZED "ORGANIC"!! ITS DECEITFUL. IT SHOULD BE ADVERTIZED AS PARTIALLY ORGANIC! THEN YOU WONT BE UPSET THAT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU WANT TO BE ORGANIC---THE MEAT---IS NOT! WHO CARES IF YOUR VEGGIES R ORGANIC? WELL YEH IT HELPS DEF BUT THEY DONT NORMALLY RAISE VEGGIES WITH ANTIBIOTICS ETC ETC!<br />SO IF ORGANIC IS WHAT UR LOOKING FOR WALK UP THE AISLE TO CASTOR AND POLLUX ORGANIX DOG FOOD! EVERY SINGLE INGREDIANT "IS"  O  R  G  A  N  I  C  !!!<br />SHAME ON YOU THE COMPANY OF ONE OF MY FAV ACTORS! IM TRULY SURPRISED HE LET THIS BE UNDER THE REVIEWS OF ORGANIC!
I cannot express enough how pleased I am with this dog food. I feed my 11 year old German Shepard, and my two year old Pittie Girl this food every day, and the benefits are astounding.  For most of my Shepards life I fed her a well known, vet recommended food, and yet she always had stomach problems.  Trying many things, it was not until I rescued, and I should really say she rescued me, and the dog food recall, that I began doing research on brands of food.  After a long investigation, I decided on Newman's Own, not only because there had been no recall on the food, but because of the ingredients, and that the proceeds going to charity. Now, choosing this brand, would mean that I would have to order it online, because my local stores did not carry it, but that was all right with me, because not only do I enjoy online ordering, but I am an older, disabled woman, and getting to the store and hauling in packages is very hard for me.  Well, I want to tell you, My 11 year old thrives on this food, with no more digestive issues, and a beautiful white coat, and she loves eating it with vigor. My two year old American Pit Bull Terrier, another love of my life, also thrives on this food, has the most beautiful shiny coat ever, and people say all the time how beautiful her coat is.  I do spoil my fur kids, but their health and well being is my number one priority.  I have just recently switched over feeding my 4 cats Newman's Own cat food, both dry and canned food, and since then, I have noticed the difference in the elimination of hair balls.  I know that I am truly a pet lover, but I believe that if you love your pets and want only the best well being for them, unnecessary medical issues, and all around good health, a good balanced, safe, natural food is the way to go.  I highly recommend Newman's Own dog and cat food.  I also feed my two dogs Newman's Own biscuits as treats.
I adopted a dog that was raised by a bunch of frat age boys.  You can imagine the diet she had; Burgers, fries, ice-cream, and the cheapest dog foods on the market.<br /><br />No, she wasn't crazy about Newman's dog food when I switched her to it.  But if you think about how people react to a healthy diet in the beginning it makes sense.  It takes time for the taste buds to adjust and not want the artificial ingredients put into most of the food out there.<br /><br />It has been almost a year.  My dog, Molly, is bouncy and healthy and almost allergy free. She gets dry Newman's fed free style, and 4 ounces of Newman's canned every day.  Her weight stays stable at 65 pounds which is perfect for her. Her treats are real meat jerky strips a few times a week.<br /><br />On another note, this diet has made doggy duty much easier. She never vomits anymore. Her scat is always firm, making her easy to clean up after.  She is regular as clock-work.  All these plusses make it more enjoyable to be a dog owner.
Our dog is 13 years old and for the last couple of years, his stomach has become particularly sensitive. We tried various brands of dog food before settling on Newman's Own. Our dog loves it and has not had any more trouble with his stomach. It is hard to find though. I was buying it from a small local organic grocery store but they only carried it in the smallest size and I was paying almost twice as much as on Amazon. Now I have it set up on Amazon to ship monthly.
We have been using Newman's organic dry dog food for over 5 years...it was a Godsend when we discovered it. Our little Jack had such severe allergies she was tormented day and night with unrelieved itching...after trying endless other avenues to find relief for her we were to the point we thought we might have to have her put down for her to find relief. Then the idea came up that maybe she had chemical sensitivities...so we decided to go organic...all her deals miraculously cleared up once we started the Newman's. However after giving glowing reviews for many years, we now have to concede something has changed...our little Jack's itching returned to the point of drawing blood. It is clear something changed and I believe it clearly is no longer as organic as it once was...we are on the hunt again. I am not saying it does not have good quality ingredients...but if you have a dog that is highly chemical sensitive...this likely is not for you. Too bad...it once was a superior product.
I've yet to find any of the dogs I know that love it.  I still have my allergic dog eating it, but she has to be hungry to eat this without doctoring.  My vet doesn't want me feeding her people food so I add some of Newman's or Happy Hips canned to it.<br /><br />I've talked to a couple of vets about prescription diet and they all push the big company brand names.  The common objection appears to be the soy used in Newman's to increase the protein count.<br /><br />I am willing to put a little flavor in this to feed may dog high quality, social responsible food.<br /><br />I may be the only person who has made the following mistake but, assuming you catch the Amazon sales, make sure you are ordering the bag size you want.  I thought I was getting a good price on one order until the food came and it was the seven instead of twelve pound bag.
I originally bought this as a replacement for Science Diet's I/D as it was always much more expensive than anything else out there. I/D was also more expensive than Newman's at my local vet's office. I have had a ton of issues getting my dog to accept other dog foods in the past. We tried pretty much every brand that you can buy in pet shops and always had problems with my dog scratching or having her ears get bright red. We found out the problem after one of the cases where she almost went into renal failure after eating her Milkbone treats. We needed something organic without a lot of beef in it. While this one does have some bi-product for protein, it doesn't seem to bother my dog at all. She also has normal stools every time which wasn't the case even with the I/D. My dog hated the I/D. She would often leave a good portion of it on the ground or in the bowl and rarely ate it in its entirety. With the Newman's own it is night and day. She scarfs it down in less than a couple minutes and usually eats a bowl in one sitting. It seems like she loves it from the way she eats it.<br /><br />A couple of the reports from reviewers originally scared me about the reports of scratching which was exactly the problem I had with other dog foods. I gave it a try and my husky has never had a problem since and she has been on it for almost three months now. My husky has always had problems with digestive issues and this seems to be one dog food that she likes and does not have problems with.<br /><br />On a side note, I wish Newman's offered a bigger size bag. I have to order these all the time due to the 12.5 pound bag. My husky kills a bag in roughly two weeks due to her size. It still works out being cheaper than the $50 bag of 17 pound I/D I was ordering so I'm still happy with it. Science diet was sending me to the poor house.
I adopted my dog about 6 months ago and he had digestive problems that the vet could find no cause for. He would get diarrhea with mucous in stools regularly. His stools would vary from constipated to unformed soft stool. I decided to switch him to a better quality food and did a lot of research. Newman's Own had all the qualities I was looking for, so I switched him to it gradually - 1/2 Purina One and 1/2 Newman's Own at first and gradually more Newmans' Own in the mix until finally 100% N.O. Ever since switching about six weeks ago, he has not had constipation or loose stools. I also don't hear his tummy roiling after meals like before. And despite what a few reviewers have written, the chicken and beef used in the pet food, while not "organic", is "natural" and raised without hormones and antibiotics.<br /><br />According to [...] ingredients list: "Natural Chicken - Raised without growth hormones and antibiotics and fed only a 100% natural, all-vegetable diet, the chicken meat provides amino acids essential for muscles, hormones, enzymes, antibodies and structural and protective tissues." Also, the beef is free-range anad range fed w/ no hormones & antibiotics.<br /><br />For me the evidence is clear - this is good quality food, my dog loves it and I love that when I buy Newman's Own products, the royalties go to charity!
I subscribe to the 12.5 lb bag of Advanced Dog Formula for Active or Senior Dogs - it's a great value. We have a small border collie mix and she absolutely loves this food. I feed it to her in a <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006G54OU">Buster Food Cube Large Size (Colors May Vary)</a> and she can't wait for mealtime every day!<br /><br />We got her from the shelter where she was on Science Diet. She had a ton of skin issues (formerly had fleas, patches of bare skin, itchy dry skin, and dandruff flakes). Since we changed over to Newman's, the skin problems have almost gone away. It's been about 2 months and she has her fur growing back in the problem areas, she has less dandruff and I've noticed a lot less scratching from her in general. Our dog trainer said it was most likely due to the change in diet.<br /><br />Her BMs are solid and very regular. They are also not particularly smelly. I have never smelled any gas from her since putting her on the food. These are all signs that she is on a great diet!<br /><br />Also, I love the subscribe feature because I don't have to lug heavy bags of dog food from my car to my 3rd floor apartment!
We've been feeding this food to our wheaten terrier for a year, with happy results - until last Tuesday, when my latest subscribe-and-save bag was opened: my dog started throwing up during the night after eating from this new bag. On the first night, I figured she'd eaten something bad off the street. On the second night, I figured it was the lingering effects of eating something bad off the street. On the third night, I started looking for other causes for the nighttime retching, and I realized that the vomiting had started on the same day as we'd started the new bag. I stopped feeding the dog the Newman's Own and the vomiting stopped for 2 nights. Last night, I fed her the food again, and sure enough, she threw up in the night.<br /><br />I trusted and liked this food - and all things under the Newman's Own brand - but i'll never buy their products again. They clearly have a dangerous quality control problem.
We have a pug that suffers from chronic ear infections and skin problems.  We've consistently kept him on expensive brands that are well known for having good ingredients like California Natural, Chicken Soup for the dog lover's soul, Royal Canin, and a couple others that I can't remember off the top of my head.<br /><br />My Mom picked up this Newman's food because it was available at the grocery store.  They love the food, but what really surprises me is that his ears and skin have improved dramatically.  His stools are also much firmer and way less stinky than before.  This food seems like a real winner for us.
since we began using this several years ago our senior dogs raely need to visit the vet. When we were feeding a well know premium petstore brand  we were there at least 1 time every six weeks. they love the taste of newmans it keeps their tummy in tip top shape. NO more food alergies. No more vomiting, Made with bells & evans chicken the same chicken sold at whole foods & other organic food sellers. If its good enough for you, it's good enough for them. All Mr Newmans profits go to animal shelter and rescue organization. Give this food 12 weeks see the improvememnt yourself.
I really want to like this product because of the great things Newman's have done and the fact that all the proceeds go to charity. I like the fact that the ingredients are all top quality and organic. It looks and smells good too. Unfortunately, none of this matters to my dog Daisy. She just doesn't care for it. Usually she will sniff it and walk away. Once she realizes nothing else is coming her way she will usually eat it but I feel bad since she obviously doesn't care for it. Like I said, I really want to like this product, but my dog has the final say. Sadly, I don't think I will buy it again.
Our cocker spaniel is now nearly 10 years old, and the solid gold food I'd been feeding him suddenly changed its formulation over a year ago(with no notice on the packaging), and he became subject to unexplained stomach upsets.  After the contaminated food scare even tho Solid Gold was not recalled, I decided to switch, and this formulation is perfect for him to not gain too much weight.  Newman's own is a brand I totally trust and have bought snacks for my human baby as well for years.  After a year on this food, my dog is doing fine, but I do notice a need to supplement with fish oil for a healthier coat.  That may be age related as well.  But the stomach upsets have stopped.  And I feel better knowing I am not exposing him to additional pesticides and hormones by going mostly organic with this formula.
I switched my mini-Schauzers over to Newman's Own Organics a month ago when they came off of their puppy chow.  I've been looking for a good quality dog food (rated 4 stars by dogfoodadvisor.com) without going into debt purchasing it!  I was feeding them a different brand that was "breed-specific" food, but was having trouble trying to find it in stock anywhere.  A few places, if they carried it at all, only carried the very small bags (2.5 lbs) and with two dogs, one bag would last about 3 - 5 days.  Plus these little 2.5 lb. bags cost more than half what the larger 10 lb. bag  cost!  I tried to make an arrangement to have one of the places order the larger bag for me, but they conveniently "forgot" to place the order, so I was stuck purchasing the ridiculously more expensive small bags.  Then I heard about Newman's Own Organics, which is rated a better dog food than the "breed-specific" food I was using and cost $$$ less!  And then I discovered that I could buy this food at Amazon.com, have it shipped on a regular basis to my home with no shipping costs and a discount on the food for signing up for the subscription plan delivery - no brainer!!  No more running out of food, no more driving 50 miles or more to find it, no more hassels!<br /><br />And best and most importantly of all, my little guys LOVE IT!!  Their stools firmed up almost immediately after starting the switchover, they seem more active, more alert, more regular and they actually chew this food (they inhaled their puppy chow without chewing!)  I can't say enough good things about both Newman's Own and Amazon's subscription delivery service!
I have a dachshund.  I have fed her Newman's Own Senior Formula for the past few years.  I used to feed her Eukanuba, but then when there was that pet food scare with China, I started to investigate and found out that Eukanuba contained the same undesirable chicken parts as the cheaper dog foods.  I wasn't happy.  I contacted Newman's about whether the products in this food are sourced from the U.S. and I was told by one of their scientists that they are.  Recently, I moved and was unable to get Newman's locally, so I tried a couple other organic brands.  My dog didn't like them and she seemed to have a larger stool.  I decided to go back to Newman's and order from Amazon, who I can always count on to carry everything.  Now she's happy and so am I!  And, we're supporting a great cause, because Newman's doesn't compromise on quality and also supports charitable endeavors.  What more could you ask?<br /><br />One important thing to consider - if you have a senior dog, it is important to feed them the senior formula so they can digest the food easier.
I had been buying all sorts of super-premium, super expensive foods.  My local stores kept discontinuing them.  So I did my research and found Newman's Own Organic.<br /><br />It is certified organic with no hormones, antibiotics or chemical additives, corn or wheat.<br /><br />And my dogs love it (of course they eat anything including grass and bird food and several unfit to post on line).
This food is a vast improvement over the store bought crap. My dog's coat got softer within days, his breath stopped stinking immediately and he smells a lot better. He is more active and seems healthier and happier. No more rendering plant floor sweepings for my dog! $20 a month is a small sacrifice to make for my dog's health and well being. I honestly don't know why everyone isn't more concerned about what kind of inedible junk they put in regular store bought dog food.
One of my dogs had irritable bowel syndrome which we tried to address with food from the vet, raw food, and every kind of dog food in a pet store.  A friend told me about Newmans and how it cleared up her dog's stomach problems.  One day later - firm stools, no gas, happy dog, ecstatic dog parents!  My other dog is 10 and is often mistaken for a puppy due to her good energy and coat.  I am so glad we found this food!
Both of my dogs had trouble with this formula, allergy wise.  It took me a couple of days to realize that their itching was related to the food.  Needless to say I won't buy this product again.
I have given my dogs every expensive dog food there is, Orijin, Blu, Merrick...you name it, and even though they were good this one is the best.  No upset tummies during the switch to this dog food either.  Even my senior dog who always has loose stool now has a firm healthy stool. Plus, Newman's Own gives all their profits to charity so it really is the best as far as I'm concerned.
When one purchases a product that is called Newman's Organics, one would expect organic food.  Not just the vegetables, which are much less expensive to be organic than the meat or chicken.  I was very, very disappointed to find out that the chicken is not organic.  For a couple of dollars more, just buy real organic dog food. This dog food isn't exactly cheap, so you expect that they will provide what they are advertising.  This whole "greenwashing" thing needs to be regulated better.  If someone uses the word organic in their description, it better be organic.  Otherwise the consumer is being deceived which is unfortunate.  Newmans has a great reputation, I buy a lot of their products, but this was intentionally deceptive and it makes me reconsider buying anything from them in the future.<br /><br />On the positive side, my dog loved it, she would lick the bowl around the room for 20 minutes after the last morsel was consumed.  I have no idea what they put in it that tasted so good, it's like the crack cocaine of dog food.  She has never been a finicky eater, she'll pretty much eat anything voraciously, but this stuff really rocked her epicurean world.  Too bad she isn't getting any more of it.
My foster dog, Rex, came to me severely underweight with nutrient defficiencies and digestive issues.  After a few weeks of prescription food, I phased him into Newman's Own Advanced Formula.  Not only does he love it, but he's gaining weight marvelously and digests it easily.  It was recommended by many, and has minimal to no fillers.<br /><br />Personally, I enjoy the product because as a life-long vegetarian, it was important to find a food with strict animal compassion practices, and Newman's Own apparently has those.  It's affordable as well.  Sticking with it!
This is a great dog food product - healthy, organic and great for sensitive tummies!<br /><br />Our Lhasa Apso is nine years old, is a picky eater and has a very sensitive stomach. We started feeding him Newman's Own Organics dog food about 4 years ago and are really, really satified with this product. He rarely gets sick, eats almost every meal we give him, though sometimes he makes us wait for him to finish his breakfast but that's okay! With other dog food products he would stop eating them completely or get sick frequently - even the expensive brands we tried from the animal hospital.<br /><br />At first the only place we could buy Newman's Own was from a local, privately owned pet store which was very expensive but worth it since he stopped getting sick so frequently. I was delighted to buy it on Amazon. The price for the 12.5 lb bag is slightly more than what we were paying for the 7 lb bag locally. I am a Prime member so was able to get this without paying for shipping. I will certainly order it again when we get close to running out.<br /><br />Thank you Amazon!!
My dogs love this food.  I have fed my 11 year old German Shepard and my three year old American Pit Bull Terrier for almost three years. They have thrived so well on this food, my shepard no longer has stomach problems ... both their coats are beautiful and I am completely satisfied.  When I decided to switch foods, I did alot of research on what good, healthy, mostly organic food to switch them to. I chose Newman's Own, not because I could purchase it easily at a local store .. because I can not do so, I have to order it and have it delivered, but because of the ingredients, how it is made, and because most of the proceeds go to charities. I found the best price at Amazon, and will always order it this way.  I truly recommend this dog food to everyone.
I have not tried this product personally, but my dog has, and he loves it, and is aging well. He's getting a bit grey, but is as bouncy as he ever was 10 years ago.
Have two cocker spaniels.<br />It was a challenge to find the right dog food for<br />the older one, as he would get very gassy. I tried<br />at least 5-6 different brands with no success. Then<br />another cocker spaniel owner recommended me this one.<br />NO MORE GAS!!<br />Both of them love it. Their coat is looking so much<br />shinier and healthier. And they now shed very less.<br />I would'nt feed my dogs anything else now.<br />Very highly recommended!<br />And the price and service from Amazon is unbeatable!!
Our dog has always been a little on the lazy side, and his coat has been fairly unhealthy-looking relative to other dogs we've had in the past. When he began to start smelling on top of it, we decided to change his dog food to see if perhaps his stomach was becoming upset by his current food.<br /><br />After about a week on the new food, he had noticeably more energy and his coat started to become much healthier. On top of that, the odor that he emitted started to subside until it was no longer there.<br /><br />We really didn't expect it to be so drastic. We're very happy with Newman's Own dog food.
I have three dog friends. Maggie, my 14 year old Aussie had some problems($2,000.00) worth of problems and she was so sick I thought of putting her down. As it turns out there were several issues that the Colo Springs Emergi Vet and Dr Jaime Gaynor fixed and one of them one food allergies that had caused severe problems. After trying several foods and making all my own dog food we tried Paul Newman and all was well, Maggie and her friends thrived. Well Our grocery stores did not always have it in stock and it ranged from 13 to 17 dollars for 7 pounds, also at Wal Mart is was past its expiration date and rancid. Thank you Amazon, it comes fresh!It is so reasonably priced and it gets delivered on schedule which I can change at anytime as far as amount and delivery date. I cannot thank you enough for carrying this food nor recommend it enough for other dogs.Our lives are busy, I am a nurse and anything that is dependable, easy, reasonable, comes with excellent customer service, and my friends Maggie, Lucy, and Honey stay healthy on it a gift for every day, Thank you
I was a little skeptical about switching over to this brand but I'm happy to say, my dog loves this stuff. I don't even need to add leftover meat scraps or gravy sauce like I did to his old food. This stuff is way better than the crap they sell at those chain stores. Can't beat the price with S&S! Also love that they come in smaller resealable bags which keeps the food fresh. Better to open up a brand new bag every couple weeks than to leave a huge opened bag of kibble in the pantry for months.
Prior to switching to Newman's Own Organics Dog food, my 4 year old shih-tzu was crunching on Iams. Which was fine, except that every 2-3 months or so he'd have stomach problems. After switching, his poops have been firmer, no stomach issues in sight, AND his coat has gotten glossier (and much less flaky). Duncan likes his new food and so do I!
My cocker puppy 4 mos threw up castor and poullex and Natural balance and had loose motions. SO i tried this and he did great ! even the red streaking from his eyes have almost cleared up after a month along with similasan eye drops. which is great.
I like Newman's Own for my family due to its consistent quality and good ingredients; I like have the opportunity to provide the same quality products to my animals.  Amazon makes it convenient to get multiple bags in manageable sizes that appear on my front porch according to my schedule.  I got the three four-pound bags; talk about portability and storability!
My new Yorkie came from a puppy mill. She was clean and well groomed. She was not ever in a house. When I got her home she was so scared and nervous from the strange surroundings. She would not eat or drink and had horrible watery mucous bowel movements. After a visit to the vet that showed no  parasites we put on the bland diet. I researched organic dog food and was very impressed with the reviews of this food. No one in my area, Lancaster PA. has this product. I sent for it and weaned her off the bland diet. After only two days on this food her poops are solid small and firm. I am so thankful. She is really doing well and she is a very sweet girl and looks at me with grateful brown eyes.
Dogs love the taste and I love the company. Especially convenient to have it delivered rather than me lugging it home.
We switched up from nutro chicken and rice to newmans own and chip's bowel movements are so much more dense and compact. our vet says its a sign of good food. nuff said.
My 3 dogs love this food and are thriving on it.  Ingredients are high quality and Amazon price is better than anywhere I can get it except on sale.
I have been feeding this to my Standard Poodle for quite some time. It was recommended by a local dog day care/grooming/training center called Great Dog Shoppe in Seattle. They are VERY specific about which foods they suggest and sell. It must meet certain standards of nutrition or it's no-go. My poodle loves it, but even better, I offered some to my cousin's finicky poodle who "just doesn't eat when she's away from home". She gobbled it right up and asked for more. When I compared the contents of Newman's to her brand (which was suggested by a breeder) there was NO comparison. Newman's Own is far superior. I get it via "subscribe and save" so I never run out, I save over the store price and it's delivered right to my door. What could be easier?
I used to buy this at a local health food store and then they stopped carrying it. Then I was thrilled when I found it Wal-Mart, but then they stopped stocking the dry kibble and now only carry the Newman's doggie mush in cans. So, I couldn't believe it when I found it here - Amazon really does sell just about everything! My Shih Tzus like it and they do not get sick at all like they did periodically on the non-organic but still expensive, "vet-recommended", brands.
Human-grade chicken, all organic dog food.  The food is delivered to me monthly on schedule via the Subscribe & Save program.  The profits benefit pet charities.<br />What's not to like?
I like that this is a reasonably priced organic dog food that is readily available. I switched to this when the brand I had been feeding my dogs for years began to upset the tummy of my senior. However, neither of my dogs (even my "chowhound") is crazy about it. They eventually did eat it, but it took a lot of coaxing. But the tummy problems did clear up.
Our dog LOVES this food!  He was having serious gastrointestinal problems that weren't clearing up -- until we started him on Newman's Own.  Since then, he has been regular, happy, and healthy.
I have a 10 year old Aussie shep/heeler mix with chronic skin allergies -- I tried him on every premium dog food including grain free protein only formulas -- and none helped.  Other organic dog food also make him itch miserably.  But on the Newman's Own he's stopped the itching and shedding, and he absolutely devours this stuff.  LOVE IT!!!!
I am very happy I switched from a very popular dog food, sold in a lot of vets offices to Newmans about 3 years ago after a bout of stomach distress. All has been well with my fur baby ever since ;-) And to have it brought right to my front door for cheaper than I can get it at the local store, how can you beat that?
I, like most people, switched to organic after the dog food scare and after trying a lot of different foods, settled on this one.  My dogs like it and I feel good about it feeding it to them.
As other viewers have pointed out, this dog food contains pesticides and grains, among other questionable ingredients. The experience with this brand has been disappointing. I appreciate Newman's Own brand but I no longer trust them with dog food and have questioned some other products from them.<br /><br />I have since switched to Blue Buffalo, as they seem to have the best reputation.<br /><br />"Stacey"'s review sold me on it:<br /><br />"Dog food has changed ALOT over the past few years. As pet owners were willing to spend more money feeding their pets, larger corporations bought out the smaller dog food companies and changed the ingredients without notifying the customers. This was particularly true of the more expensive brands that contained the higher quality ingredients. Real meat and rice were substituted with "meat by-product" and cheap imported grains (particularly CORN) that were determined to be "unfit for human consumption". They are taking ingredients that used to be considered "waste" and packaging it up as "healthy & nutritious" food for your beloved pet. Our once healthy pets are contracting debilitating diseases and dying because of the toxic waste materials that are currently being marketed as pet food.<br /><br />Blue Buffalo is one of the few remaining companies that, at least to my knowledge, has not "sold-out" yet. The food really is nutritious and still contains real meat with no by-products, fillers, corn or soy. We switched our dogs over this past summer after having lost one to an autopsy/toxicology verified case of "aflatoxin poisoning" from the "healthy & nutritious" dog food we were buying and feeding him. This was NOT cheap food folks. This was a well-known brand, highly marketed as "Natural", that we were paying $60/bag for. The FDA analysis of this food verified that it contained toxins, but NOTHING was done to the dog food manufacturer. They are still producing their "high priced waste" and heavily marketing it as "natural".<br /><br />My advice to pet owners: Read the ingredients labels thoroughly and often! Blue Buffalo a great product that you can still feed your pets with confidence. Because it doesn't contain any cheap fillers, it's more satisfying to your dog so you don't need to feed as much of it thus making it still relatively economical. Don't wait until it's too late for your beloved pet. "
I have three dogs.  Two of the three would normally eat just about anything that you put in their bowls.  The third one (a Yorkie), has always been pickey. For the past couple years I had been buying those expensive brands of food that promise "natural ingredients and better health". I decided to try Newman's Own.  None of my dogs seem to be crazy about this food (no disrespect to the late Mr. Newman).  If I mix Newman's Own with another brand, the dogs make an effort to pick out (eat) the "other" food and they will tend to leave Newman's Own in the bowl.  If they are hungry and nothing else is available, they will eat the Newman's Own. I am not here to "knock" Newman's Own.  I am simply telling you my experience. BTW: The food is not old. It does not smell stale or old.
The dogs had been eating Purina for a long, long time. I switched to Newman's Own and I noticed something only a dog owner would be conscious of...the waste. They no longer expel foul odorous waste, which Purina seemed to do to them regularly. Since they've been on Newman's, their waste is almost odorless and, well...it is easy to pick up. You can tell it's nutritious by what comes out, and if you have to pick up after your dog daily, like myself, you'll appreciate the cleaner output.
My goldendoodle is picky and likes to change up his food once in a while. So I decided to try two other brands....what a mistake.<br /> Newman's own is really the best: my dog looks better, feels better, and the quality of food is very good. Do not do like I did and experiment around...my poor dogs stomach....stick with Newmans.
I switched to this food from Blue Buffalo. I hate to say it, but around the time Blue started doing tv commercials the food started upsetting my dog's stomach. Perhaps that's a coincidence, but it was a reason to switch regardless of the timing. The Newman's food has been great. My dog loves the food. He has been energetic and in great health. Not much more that you could ask. The bag of treats that comes in the 12.5 lb bag is a fantastic bonus to every bag.
I rescued my dog a year ago. Ever since then, I've been feeding him Newman's. I like that the main ingredient is a form of meat and there isn't a lot of grain type of ingredients. All of the ingredients are organic, so it's really good for my dog. I've tried several other brands with my dog. But I don't think he's really allergic to anything or has a distaste for anything in particular. And since this is one of the cheaper brands out there that is still nutritious, I decided to stick to this brand. Ordering it on Amazon is very convenient because I can use the Subscribe & Save feature and set the schedule of when I want the dog food delivered. I never have to worry about running out of dog food!
This solved my pups dog food allergy problems when I started purchasing it (I have a husky and a german shepherd), but several months ago the itching started again; the color and size of the kibble even noticeably changed. I wrote a letter of inquiry to Newman's, with batch numbers from the bags, but have received no answer. Since then, I've purchased both Solid Gold Wolf King and Royal Canine 24 German Shepherd and the dogs are doing okay again.
I bought this for my miniature schnauzer who is about 17 pounds and I feed her a heaping cup everyday. Also sprinkled on top is glucosamine pills <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00028ZLL8">Nutramax Cosequin Regular Strength Capsules - 180 Count</a>, to help with joint health. I purchased this brand of dog food for my 7 year old mini schnauzer based on the reviews alone. She never has had any digestive problems or issues and also isn't a very picky eater so I cannot attest to these two things. Her stool is firm is easy to pick up from eating this dog food and I have not had any issues with her having diarrhea or runny stool. She has been on Newman's Own Organic dog food for about 6 months and I plan to keep feeding her this.<br /><br />If you want your dog to have a healthy and long life, you will want to feed them the best like this organic dog food. Try avoiding feeding table scraps and make sure they have plenty of exercise.<br /><br />Make sure you sign up for Subscribe and Save for that extra 15% off.<br /><br />****EDIT 04/10/2012<br /><br />Edited to say that Amazon now only has 5% off for Subscribe and Save. Also the latest bag I received also came with a full size sample bag of treats <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045XE32E">Newman's Own Organics Lamb and Barley New Zealand Ranch Style Dog Treats, 10-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>. It sells for $23 for 6 on Amazon!
My Chiweenie was having issues with dandruff, constipation and a dull coat. We researched different dog foods and bought Newmans Own for Active or Senior dogs. In about 3 weeks, its like having a brand new dog. He is so soft, dandruff free, having healthy 'movements' ;) and he loves the food. I can give him a piece of it as a treat and he really thinks it is, ha ha. Moral of the story, we will never go back to bargain brand. For just a little bit more our dog is healthier, softer, happier and its worth it.
My dog's love it. Made from excellent ingredients and a great price at Amazon.com. My Chihuahua has allergies and I've noticed she isn't scratching or chewing on her paws anymore.
It's all organic and it's on PETA's (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) list of "CRUELTY-FREE" brands.  Did you know that the leading brands of dog foods conduct horrible and cruel tests on laboratory dogs?  Plus it is delivered to my door and no shipping charge (Super Saver Shipping), and costs less than the product I used to buy, saving me time and money. Oh yeah, and my dogs love it!<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00139TT72">Newman's Own Organics Adult Dog Food Formula, 12.5-Pound Bag</a>
I have a two-year old Jack Russell Terrier and she loves Newman's Own Dog Food! She ate Beneful for a year before switching. This goes down much easier. She doesn't each eat it "just because she's hungry"; she actually likes it! I highly recommend this product and would consider giving any dog nothing less!
My dog loves it and she doesn't scratch at her ears anymore (she used to scratch her ears all the time because she kept an ear infection!)
My two small dogs took to the food immediately so well in fact I have had to move up the subscription for the 12 pound bag. Since they are young its not immediate if they look healthier or bouncier as they seem to be that way all the time. What I have noticed is there business is allot more controlled and any problems such as regurgitation which I had in past products have gone away. If your a prime member I would suggest setting up a subscription and be rid of of the chore of last minute runs to buy dog food and also know you are giving your pets a quality tier of dog food.
This is going to be short and sweet.  My little (10&13 lbs) dogs love it, easy to eat small bits, and it's a high grade food souce for them.  What more can I say.
I have been feeding this to my 13 yr old Beagle for years.  Newman's Own is of excellent quality and it's certified organic. Also, a large portion of sales are donated to charity.
The best dog food ever for my dog. He has a sensitive stomach and not only does he love it but it totaly agrees with him.  My vet also feels it's a great product. Even my dogs teeth are cleaner since being on it.
Newman's Own has been an excellent choice for my dog. The ingredients are organic and high quality; her coat is beautifully conditioned and she has never had an allergic response as with some of the more expensive products from the vet's office. Also, she is a small dog and the kibble bits are easy for her to chew.  It was annoying that the price was reduced between the time of my order and the delivery, but Amazon made an immediate adjustment.  I like the 4-pound bags for freshness because my dog is small and takes awhile to eat that much, but there are other sizes available to suit larger dogs.
I have a 3 year old Boston Terrier who is not only a picky eater, but most dog foods give him bad gas.  I searched high and low for several months for a dog food that would help with his stomach issues and finally found another brand of dog food that, while not organic, helped relieve the gas problem.<br />After finishing a bag of the old brand, I stumbled across this on amazon one cold day and thought I'd take a chance and see if he'd like it or not.  I'm happy to report that he loves it AND it doesn't give him horrible gas at all.  His coat is shiny and healthy, as well.  The only downside I can see--like the other brand--is the price.  But being that the product is high quality and organic, I can't argue that too much.  Plus, with amazon's subscribe and save, I get it at a discount and delivered right to my front door.  You definitely can't beat that!<br />Overall, I'm very satisfied with this and will continue to purchase.
My dog loved this food and he was a very picky eater.  I felt I was giving him healthy food with no fillers.  I also loved the convinence of having it sent to the house monthly.  Not having to shop and drag a big weightly item home was great.
My dogs give this a high-five.  I've never tried it, but the list of ingredients is sound and it make their tails wag.
One of my dogs is allergic to almost everything in dog food.  Newman's Own for senior dogs makes all the difference in her health.
I bought this dog food initally because I like everything that I have tried from Newmans Products for humans. So, I thought that my Pug, Chloe may like Newmans also. Well, she sure does, there is no turning up her nose at it. I get it delivered regualry, so this negates the need to make a special trip to get Dog food.<br /><br />UPDATE 6/12/15  the last two bags I recieved had a mite in the foods which caused my dog to have severe bouts of diarrhea. I only found out today when I took her to the vet, and was informed that these intestinal bugs were usually located in the dog food. Sure enough, when I got home and looked in the dog food, guess what I cfound on the bottom of the bag, tiny mites.......it went out into the garbage containers.<br /><br />I will return to this dog food in a few months......she ahs liked it so much, but will wait for a bit.
My doogie loves it a lot, my budget howls though. I can't find it steadily at the local stores so catching it on sale is out of the question. It's great, no digestion problems and his skin, eyes and coat are much improved so I know it's good for him too.<br /><br />I've had great results with Harmony Farms Dog Food that I orderd through Amazon AND there's 5 pounds more for about the same price.
My Dog is really "Picky" when it comes to his food and I usually have to mix his old with his new for a few days "Until he will eat" his new food. I opened the bag when my Order arrived and gave my dog a taste...... He loved his new food & this is his second 15 pound bag!
I adopted a dog from rescue shelter who has an allergy to corn. I live in a small town and found no dog food that didn't contain mainly corn. This was perfect and my new pet is doing very well on it and loves it. It's an added bonus that it comes straight to my door.
My 72 lb dog has never refused to eat Newman's Own Organic.  I'm glad that there is a pet food made without 'junk' that I can feed my pet.
and I love buying it for her. Not only is it a healthy organic meal, I personally like what the Newman Foundation does with their profits (after taxes) from their products.....$265 MILLION has been donated to various charities to date by their foundation. I buy Newman's Own products whenever I can (their spaghetti sauce is out-of-this-world..."Roasted Garlic"...YUM!).<br /><br />My dog has eaten this food for years and years until, out of the blue, my local grocer decided not to sell it anymore. I then had to grab a bag of food for her because we were out completely and decided to get Beneful. Apparently, her digestive system didn't like it and she ended up with bloody stools. That's when I came to Amazon.com (a GODSEND for people like me who have lame grocery stores to shop from) and found her Newman's Own dog food! I can always depend on Amazon.com. I've now got this on auto-delivery. I trust Newman's Own products and I know my dog is getting a well-balanced organic meal and it's Melamine-free.
Newman's Own is the best dog food ever, in my opinion. My 12 year old white German Shepard eats and digests this food wonderfully. Before changing to this food a few years ago, she had digestive problems often, even though she was fed a "so called good brand name food".  My three year old pittie girl also eats this food, and loves it .. she is in perfect health. I would recommend it to anyone. My next door neighbor orders it now from Amazon for his pittie girl. Amazon is a wonderful place to purchase dog and cat food, groceries, and anything you need .. the prices are always good, and the specials are great! The specials are the best ever, and I was shocked to find out that a today "Friday" special price on Newman's Own dog food was automatically reflected in my subscribe and save item price of the Newman's Own.  Even though I just received a bag yesterday, I ordered two more today, and some Newman's Own cat food.  What other retailer would automatically do that for you .. none that I know of.  Amazon .. please continue to offer the Newman's Own dog food .. I would be lost without the delivery, since it is difficult for me to get out and shop and carry large items like bags of dog food.  Thank you for being here for me and Snowey and Sophie.<br />  Linda
I have two small dogs who have [[ASIN:B00139ZPKM Newman's Own<br />#0174;Organics Advanced Dog Chicken & Rice Formula, 12.5 Pound Bag]]  Their only treats were Cheerios.  When I switched to Newman's Own brand, I was pleasantly surprised to notice they stopped their occasional vomiting.  With all the trouble caused by lack of standards in the industry, I immediately thought "if I can't trust Paul Newman's foods, whose can I trust".  And, they love it.
My dog is allergic to most dog food.  I have used Newman's Own  dog food  for several years now and I am quite happy with it.  I live in a small town that is 60 miles away from the nearest big city and I am unable to obtain the dog food locally.  It is a real convenience for me to buy this from Amazon and the price is equitable.
I was giving my dogs Science Diet Puppy food from the time I got them at 8 weeks. Science Diet changed the formula about 3 months ago and the food just did not smell or look right. It was very oily and fishy smelling, which I realize they did at more fish oil. After about three weeks of the new food, I noticed my puppies (well now 1 year olds) skin was very flaky like dandruff and they both had been continuous licking their paws. I took them to the vet and he said they had food allergies. He wanted me to take them off the Science diet and put them on pumpkin and pinto beans for 7 weeks. Well, under duress I tried it and my dogs did not eat for 3 days. I decided to try the Newman's organic and after about 4 weeks their coat looks so much better and the licking has really decreased. I am so glad I saw this food when I was doing research.
My dog LOVES this food.  I really like that it is organic, especially with all the recent problems with other dog foods.  I will continue to buy this brand in the store.  I would rate the product as a 5.<br /><br />The problem I had was with subscribe and save.  I started out buying at a very decent price.  After only 2 months the subscription price had increased by almost 40%!!  No notice on the increase was sent to see if I still wanted it either.  I believe Amazon should send an alert and ask to confirm or cancel when there is an increase.  My other subscriptions have not had price increases like this one.  Subscription rating-- 1.
I foolishly purchased the HARMONY FARMS Healthy & Holistic Adult Dog Food, since it had more for the same price(why it had good reviews is beyond me). My dogs will not touch the harmony farms, yet love this dog food. My 10 wk. old pup had "slimmy poop", until the day I feed her this food. Both my dogs love it.Newman's Own Organics Adult Dog Food Formula is the way to go.
The chicken is not organic. It is the MAIN ingredient. This is NOT organic dog food. It is marketing lies to fool you into thinking you are paying more for quality ingredients when you are not getting organic chicken.
We only feed our dog dry food, and it has to be good dog food. Newman brands are high quality, and I can get it delivered on a periodic basis and a fixed price thru Amazon. Ginger likes it and it keeps her healthy. I have learned over the years that this man, and his company, are highly moral and deliver fine quality products they stand behind.
My three little dogs love this food and I love it too sense it is organic and has no animal by products.
This dogfood has never been recalled, has protein as the first two ingredients, and is organic. Doesnt make my dog throw up like when she tries other dogfoods full of fat and fakeness. Cant get better!
Excellent I needed a dog food without copper as an ingredient and found Newmansbon the Internet. It has proven to be a great choice and my dog had thrived
I feel better about feeding this product to my dogs.  I was using another popular brand,<br />but it contained a lot of fillers.  One of my dogs is "pickier," so he would prefer a meatier<br />taste, but he does clean it up eventually.
Good product. Dogs are vary satified with it.  Would like to have in a larger bag(20 lbs.), if this could/would be an option.
My dog has been eating this food for the last three years.  Every food I fed him before this caused smelly gas problems.  He almost never has gas on this food.  Also, people often comment on how good he smells.  However, when he goes to grandma's and eats junk food for a week or two he always comes home smelling like a dog.  It's totally the food.  On top of that, he loves it.  Love it!
We were looking for an organic food after the melamine poisoning of pet food debacle. Newman's Own dry foods for cats and dogs are manufactured in the US per their corporate veterinarian. Newman's Own is up front about their ingredients. For an organic food it is affordable. Also it has been great at keeping skin issues under control. Lastly Newman's Own is listed as a "More Responsible Pet Food Company" on several websites.
Newman's Own Food is one of the best on the market.  It is a natural healthy food for my senior dog.
I am very pleased with this product and would definitely recommend it.  All 3 of my dogs (2 Jack Russells and 1 dachshund) enjoy Newman's Own Dog Food and I liked knowing it was organic.  The kibbles are a perfect size for easy chewing.  My dogs enjoyed Newman's Own for about 3 months but then only nibbled on it so I decided to alternate it each month with another dog food to give my dogs some variety.
Researched the company, researched the ingredients. Customer Service people are great. Sent free coupons when e-mailed with a question about which of their cat foods best for my two kitties (regular or advanced).  Received good answers and not rote replies. This food is made in the USA with products from the USA and has all the ingredients I think are good for my cats. The two of them love, love this dry food and I have to ration it or they would chow day all day. I don't leave food out for any pet, cat or dog, to eat at will. They do not like Newman's canned food however so I don't force it on them.
This gum is amazing. The flavor burst in your mouth and it also has a wonderful refreshing sensation.<br />We love it. (My husband and I.
I bought a big pack of this gum.  The flavor (Kiwi Watermelon) is ok, but it didn't last long, I found I would usually pop a new piece in my mouth after about 2-3 minutes to get another shot of flavor.  I Wouldn't really recommend this gum, it's not horrible, but not that great either.
this gum is the worst i have ever purchased, plain and simple. within two seconds of chewing taste gone!
Tastes very good.  I really like the taste.<br /><br />But then it is gone.  Like it was never there.  So fleeting.<br /><br />Takes two pieces to really enjoy, also.<br /><br />And be VERY careful not to eat it.  Seriously, it is hard not to swallow it.  Laugh all you want.  You try it and see what I mean.
I've never had an allergic reaction to any food, or anything else, in my life.  But within 20 seconds of starting to chew a piece of this gum, my throat began to burn and my airway became constricted.  That's strange, because I've been chewing spearmint and peppermint ice cubes for a while now with no reaction.  I "tasted" another piece from another pack (we get this stuff free at the dining facility here in Iraq), and again, my throat started burning.  So, if you have a history of food allergies, you might not want to try this flavor.
I'm really picky about the gum I chew.  This is great and the flavor lasts a long time.  I recommend it.
This is great cheese, a little sharp yet creamy, with slight bits of crunchy. Great with a micro brew. The Merlot and Raspberry are yummy too.
My baby loves this apple sauce. He didn't like the gerber brand at all, but yummys this down right away and I like that it is organic.
Our family loves these tasty and healthy sesame honey almonds by Trader Joe's.  You get the crunchy flavor of the sesame seeds combined with the subtle sweetness of the honey and almond flavoring.  Wow--it's a great snack that you feel good while eating.  It is my favorite of Trader Joe's almond snacks.  Almonds are good for you and a handful of these in the morning with a fruit smoothie or as a snack at lunch is a great way to get protein, the healthy fat and the Vitamin E that almonds offer. It's a good idea to measure out 1/4-1/2 cup of these almonds or count the almonds out to stay in the calorie range you want to keep within. Nutritionist recommend having a small amount of almonds or walnuts each day for good fat and protein.
Are you kidding me! $32.00!!! I buy this all day long at popular wholesale clubs for under $10.00. No more then $15.00 at reqular stores. Watch these prices guys.
I absolutely love this stuff, but I pay $2.00 to $2.50 for a 6-pack in the grocery store.  Why is this price so HIGH?
You can get these SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much cheaper at wholesale clubs.<br /><br />I get the 24/20oz(yes 20oz!) for $11 or $12!! Its actually even cheaper then buying the bottles from the regular store!
I lived down in Louisanna for 10 years, and Community Coffee is what you were served when you asked for a cup of coffee. Here in Iowa I can't buy the Comm. Coffee, so when I saw the ad to order through Amazon I jumped at the offer. I got 3 bags of the Hazalnut and I am in Coffee Heaven right now, Thanks Amazon.
After becoming more and more a "coffee person", I've been trying various brands and flavors in an attempt to figure out which one I prefer. I've tried other brands such as Dunkin', Kirkland, and various other store brands. I came across a great deal on a 3 pack of Community Coffee so I decided to try it. The packaging isn't the best once you open it, but I have separate air tight containers which I use (as I imagine most coffee drinkers would own).<br /><br />I prefer dark/bolder roasts, and I found that Community Coffee definitely fit the bill. My girlfriend didn't like it, claiming it was too strong, which further reinforced my belief that it was at the right level for me. I brew the coffee the traditional way (coffee pot), but also via cold brewing. I've found that the cold brewed version of Community Coffee far surpasses the traditional, heat-brewing product. I'm not quite sure if this is the case for almost all coffees, but it seems even more pronounced with Community coffee.
This coffee was good but it had a distinctive aroma and taste like buttered movie theater popcorn. I am a huge hazelnut flavored coffee fan and this was good, It just doesn't typically taste like hazelnut. You may like it but I will search for a more true hazelnut flavor. Do a test, make popcorn in the microwave and then later make the coffee and you will see the similarities.
Hazelnut coffee is my favorite and our local stores don't carry it, as we live in a very small town.  The flavor and taste of this coffee is wonderful.  I  start every day with it and often have an afternoon treat of a cup of the coffee.  I will buy again and highly recommend. Arived far earlier than I anticipated.
Awesome coffee!!! I have ordered this pack of bags twice now and getting ready to order a third. If you like dunkin donuts hazelnut, but don't like the price this is a great and inexpensive alternative.
We first discovered Community Coffee while on a visit to Lake Charles, LA. And until recently it was only available in LA or by mail.  We prefere the Hazelnut blend, it has a nice rich flavor without being overly strong.  This is very good coffee.  We like it and have a standing order with Amazon to have it shipped to us at convenient intervals.
I'm not a coffee snob, so I'm not picky about what kind of coffee I purchase. I chose this because it was cheapest by the ounce and best rated. I bought <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5WO0">The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Hand-Roasted Hazelnut Ground Coffee, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 2)</a> as my first ground coffee, and I have to say, Community Coffee smells and tastes better than Coffee Bean's! This is totally personal preference though.<br /><br />This Community Coffee ground tastes much darker and smoother and it smells good.
I'm no coffee snob but this is still much better than crap you get a Starbucks (I drink black coffee so flavor really matters when its not covered by caramel and other junk). Great coffee for a great price, especially if you get it when Amazon is offering the $3 off coupon.
I don't drink Hazelnut coffee, but my wife says this is the best she has ever had and asked me to buy more for her.
We enjoy Community Coffee when we go to New Orleans. I was glad to see it available in your online store
Very pleased with this new coffee, thanx to another user comment and good review from someone recently when I was searching for a better priced coffee. Plus more importantly the price so far is still excellent; all the others are ridiculous on pricing I have noticed, increasing by $4 or $5 in some cases.  I was getting Maxwell House Hazelnut, but this coffee is much tastier; and Maxwell House has gotten way too pricey for the quality of their hazelnut after experiencing Community's bolder flavored hazelnut.  You can actually taste Hazelnut in Community Coffee.  It's a bit bolder, but I like a good cup of coffee where you can actually taste the coffee (yeah).  I do not buy or search for Maxwell House any longer, nor do I enjoy Folgers or any of the much more expensive brands as none of them compare to the rich flavor of Community Hazelnut Coffee.  I just hope that now, finally after finding a decent tasting coffee at a good price, Amazon keeps it in stock for awhile.
It is NOT the BEST, but for the money and that extra 30% off, its the BEST VALUE you can get. I am very happy with my purchase and now I can drink good coffee everyday as opposed to the crap "office" coffee or that "once-a-month" expensive coffee. After buying this, I was satisfied enough to buy another 2-pack of Cafe Special. Note: The expiration dates on my hazelnut bags are 12/2011.
I gave this a try when it was on special and I totally Love this product Iam as fussy coffee drinker this product is just a lovely as those higher priced coffee's that tend to break my bank account ..GIVE it a TRY
My husband and I both like coffee with rich flavor and good taste, but we do not like the bitter or burnt taste some coffees have.  This Community Hazelnut has excellent flavor.  We make it fairly strong and are very pleased with this coffee.
not the best coffee but it is not bad as well. we bought more after we tried the first time because for the price we've got it is fine. Godiva is still our favorite but this one is okay too.
I HATED this coffee.  I'm much more of a Starbucks or Peet's loyalist, so maybe I'm a bit spoiled.  But after reading many positive reviews of this company I decided to give it a try.  Big mistake.  I had a hard time giving it away.  It definitely tastes like chicory.  Blagk.  Bad news.
I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat, and with a name like "Beneful" I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food. My dogs did eat this food, but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs. The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, and corn gluten meal. How disgusting is that?! The main ingredient is a corn filler. One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot: "When you eat corn, what comes out of the other end? The same thing happens with dogs." Basically, dogs cannot digest corn, it is just a filler and causes them to actually eat more to feel full, poop out more, and retain less nutrients. The only meat in Beneful at all is a by-product, its not even a real meat! By-products are the stuff leftover once all the actual meat is harvested. We're talking beaks, chicken feet, eyeballs, even chicken poop! I would not recommend this product to anyone, for any reason, ever. It is an absolutely awful dog food. I can't believe the pictures of veggies and full chunks of meat on the bag can be allowed to be on the packaging of such a disgusting product; it is very misleading and should be considered false advertising.<br /><br />I recommend to stay far away from Beneful, and most Purina products. When purchasing a dog (or cat) food, the most important thing to consider is the first 3 ingredients; just make sure those first three are decent ingredients that you would eat yourself. Now that I know what to look for,  I usually buy my pets all natural, organic foods such as Blue Buffalo, Halo or Wellness.
I'd rank Toffifay as tied with Ferrero Rocher for the greatest chocolate candy ever. Sadly Toffifay is impossible to find depending on where you live. I thought ordering 24 packs would be overkill but I'm going through these things like nobody's business. At this rate I'll have to tack on an extra mile onto my daily running regimen
When I got this it was melted through the package and what wasn't completely destroyed was stuck to the inside of the wrappers.  You would think that if you are going to ship chocolate in the summer time you would pack it in something cold.  I wasn't very happy with it.  I love the candy and once you peeled it off the insides of the wrappers it was good.
This candy has gotten harder and harder to find.  It was down to a couple convienence stores in my area that sold it and they stopped.  Now a year later I typed in Toffifay into Bing and up pops Amazon.  Great price for a great candy and I'm well stocked up for the next 6 months.  The hard part is not eating it all the first week!
i have been looking for this candy for over a year..... I used to enjoy this as a young kid and now its back!! all there is to say is YUMMY!
I heard my kids talking about candy they remembered from childhood and they mentioned Toffifay,so I checked Amazon to see if it was still being sold. It was,and reasonably priced.I ordered a 24 pack,and divided it among their Christmas stockings.They were really surprised and happy to find it Christmas morning.I'm glad I thought of searching Amazon!
I thought this would be the perfect candybar, I love hazel nuts, I love caramel, and I love chocolate.  But there is something about the chocolate filling that I don't like.<br />  they claim a whole hazel nut in each piece, but it's probably only half.  It's an OK candy, but I will never ever buy it again. I'll stick to Snickers with almonds!
I have been experimenting with K-cup brews for almost 2 years now.  I tried Timothy's Colombia Excelencia ONLY because it was on sale and I was still looking for THE ONE.  Well, I finally found it.  Columbia Excelencia is the best breakfast coffee I have found to date.  Rich, full-bodied, with a clean non-acrid finish.  It goes well with milk and Splenda, no odd aftertaste whatsoever.  Donut shop is my favorite over ICE, Newman's Nantucket is my favorite BOLD, Timothy's Italian goes best with dessert, and Colombia Excelencia is the first thing I drink every morning.
Very weak blend, slightly bitter aftertaste.  Noticeably light brew when brewing.  Won't purchase again, in fact, I regret this purchase.  Even on 4 oz brew, still really weak taste.
I have tried many different brands and flavors of K-Cup coffees and I have to say, this one is one of the best I have ever had. I would strongly recommend it. It is very hard to find so buy it if you can get it at a good price.
This coffee is bold, dark and tasty. unlike many other types that are too watery and weak this one brews nice and strong cup of coffee.
I thought this coffee was really good, but I think the next time I order, I will order something a bit stronger.
This is by far the best decaf I've ever tried. You can't brew it on the large cup setting. You have to brew it on the 8 oz setting, don't try to stretch it to the 10 oz or it will be too weak. However, when brewed at 8 oz. this is smooth, tasty and tastes like coffee. Not bitter and you can't tell it's a decaf.
I am from Colombia and I was looking for a coffee that tasted like back home. Everyday when I make coffee and the aroma is in the whole kitchen .. It feels like home and it tastes just like it. I love this coffee.
We have been experimenting with different brands of K-Cups since we purchased our Keurig last Christmas.  While this one was okay, it just is not as good Green Mountain's Breakfast Blend for an everyday staple.  We haven't tried Green Mountain Columbian yet as a closer comparison.  However, when we make a larger cup of coffee with this one, the brew is noticibly weaker than with GM Breakfast Blend.<br /><br />Also, please note that we LOVE Timothy's World Italian Blend!!  It is definitely amount our favorites.
We love this medium full-flavored roast. Very smooth taste..no bitter or acidic taste, at all.Excellent coffee..good value  :)  Also, try Timothy's Kona..very good,also.
My husband has been taking this Sinus Buster tea once a day (before bedtime) for about 6 months already, he usually had a real bad sinus problem before but now it is almost completely gone. This tea is so wonderful and it really helps.  When he skipped for a few days because ran out of it then the sinus came back again. Don't want to skip it for so long anymore. Highly recommended.
I'm very happy with this-- drains my ears and sinuses quite effectively.  Works better for me than guaifenisen.
The sinus buster tea had an interesting aroma when seeping; it's taste is acquired not offense at least to say more like burnt bark or really overheated coffee. I had no drainage of my sinuses while drinking one cup of the tea the next morning I could feel relief of pressure and pain. I would prefer this product over any inhaled sinus relief agent. As a plus all the ingredients of the tea are on the package in english nothing unknown.
I found this tea by accident but it worked so well that i later ordered it,<br /><br />after not being able to find it again.  It really helps open nasal passages.<br /><br />Since starting to use it whenever I have bad nasal congestion, I have not<br /><br />had a sinus infection.  Everyone is different, but it sure worked for me.
I used it for a sinus infection where I lost my voice completely and had a sore throat. I found this product on yelp and went to an herbal Asian store in Chinatown in Phila. I only paid $2.50! the only difference is that I didn't get tea bags they were dissoluble cubes you place in the hot water. It worked great. It took a few hours to work but it worked!. The next day I had my voice back completely and no sore throat. One night I woke up from terrible post nasal drip cough, took a cup of this tea and it eliminated the cough and put me right to sleep. A must buy, its cheap and natural. You cant go wrong if you give it a try.
Its allergy season which usually means large amounts of sudafed.  I don't particularly like the side affects of sudafed and have tried tons of different decongestants.  This is the first thing other than sudafed to actually work!  I have not tried it during a sinus migraine yet but for moderate congestion it works wonders.  Smells a bit off but the taste is just fine.  Make sure to seep it for 10-15 mins or it won't work.  Give it about 10-20 mins to kick in.  Seems to last for 3-4 hrs.  No side affects that I can tell.  So glad to be rid of the racing heart side affect and dry mouth/ sore throat that comes with sudafed.  It works great paired with a sinus rinse or netty pot.
I LOVE THIS TEA , SERIOUSLY ! MY MOM AND I SUFFER VERY BAD WITH SINUS PROBLEMS AND WE HEARD ABOUT THIS TEA CALLED SINUS BUSTERS . WE JUST HAD TO SEE WHAT ALL THE TALK WAS ABOUT , YOU KNOW . IT IS A VERY GOOD TEA THAT TAKES YOUR BLUES AWAY AND MAKE YOU SLEEP GREAT . ALOHA !
After reading all the great reviews, I optimistically ordered some of this tea. I've had problems with sinus congestion very often this winter and have tried all kinds of remedies with little success.  Unfortunately, this really didn't do anything for me.  The taste is OK (bearable), but it did nothing to relieve my sinus congestion.  (So far the only things I've found that have helped me somewhat are the Vicks personal warm mist humidifier and Neti Xlear)
I have been suffering from post nasal drip and congestion for so many years, and this tea made such a big difference after a couple of days. I drink it 1-2 times per day and I feel so much better. I can breathe easier, and have little or no post nasal drip throughout the day.
Not sure exactly what is in it, but it really helps my sinus condition.  A family member who spent time in China said it tasted like other healing herbs she had had while there.  The taste is earthy, and takes some getting used to, but it is worth it.
This tea didn't do anything, steal have issues with itching throat, ear and everything else. But I do enjoy the smell of it.. ill say it last up to a few hours and that's it.
I've suffered from recurrent bouts of acute sinusitis that have only become worse and worse over the years. Every time I get an infection, my right maxillary sinus swells up like a balloon. Sleeping at night on account of this condition is terribly difficult; I often have to resort to using Afrin to decongest my sinuses, which is effective but also very painful and not a realistic, long term solution because of rebound congestion. Now I already irrigate with a motorized system, often upwards of 8-10X daily when I'm sick, and drinking herbal tea has also become a pasttime to help cope with my sinus disease. That being said, I bought this tea out of sheer desperation. I'll try (and have tried) next to anything to give myself some relief while I wait for antibiotics to take effect. The only thing which I find works even close to as well as Afrin is to megadose on Psuedoephedrine (240 1-2 times per day), which is something that is also unsustainable. So, keep in mind that the severity of my sinus condition is drastic. What I found with this tea is that it seems to help, but I can't tell whether or not it works any better than domestic teas that tout similar claims (Yogi's Breathe Deep and Cold Buster, Celestial Sleepytime Sinus Soother, and other respiratory-aiding herbal formulations). I've brewed it double-strong to try and gain the greatest effect, and again, it seems to work modestly but nothing amazing. The taste is a little bitter, but I suppose that's a fairly reasonable indicator it has beneficial compounds in it. All in all, I am likely to stick with the less exotic teas that I can buy at the grocery store. As an aside, I find Celestial's Sweet and Spicy herbal mix to have probably the best mucus thinning effect out of all the teas I've tried, though it's not at all marketed as something for this purpose. If you read everything they put in it, though, it makes sense that it would help.
I had high hopes when I purchased this produce, shipping was amazingly fast and I've tried it a few times. I don't enjoy the taste, and since I don't sweeten my tea, it wasn't that great, and it did nothing for my sinuses. Will not purchase again but I do recommend the seller.
I bought this tea during a major sinus infection crisis which included headache, earache, toothache. I drink multiple cups over a few days, and am sad to report it had absolutely no effect. Taste is so-so, but that's not really what matters. As every sinus sufferer knows, if eating dirt would make the pain go away, we'd eat dirt.
I am having to change my original post on this tea. My husband and I both suffer from sinus problems. I made up a big tea pot (with 2 tea bags) and let it steep for 15 minutes. I had 2 cups and my husband had one. Neither of us noticed any difference with our sinuses. A few days later I decided to try the tea again. I brewed one cup of tea with one tea bag. I let it sit again for several minutes. I guess the first time I tried it I did not make it strong enough. This time I noticed a difference as my sinuses are a little clearer.
I used to take sudafed for my stuffy nose. I tried this tea and felt relief immediately. I usually drink this tea twice a week and have not yet felt the stuffy nose. Would highly recommend.
I bought this tea based upon some research I had done into the ingredients and by reading the reviews posted here.  This tea has a wonderful flavor and smell.  I have enjoyed it very much and it helps me at bedtime with my sinus issues.  Great Stuff!
I am so please that I was able to get the tea from Amazon.  I was pleased with the service.  Sinus Buster Herbal Tea is very helpful and it gives me great relief with my allergy.<br /><br />I have been suffered with Hay Fever Allergy for the past 20 years or more.  First time I find a medication which is natural and no side affects compare to other medication for allergy.<br /><br />I discovered the tea at a farm market in PA on a bus ride with my church.  At first I was hesitated to purchase the tea, but somoeone who was in the same but I was, told me to buy the tea because she used it a year ago, and got great relief from it with her allergy.<br /><br />Thanks,<br /><br />MC
But a naturapath told me to take this, vitamin D, vitamin C, and something he mixed and I got better from a 8-month sinus issue.
We love sinus buster tea.  My husband thinks it's great and clears out his sinus' regularly.
I have ordered numerous teas, potions, lotions and other remedies...BUT have never had a lack of product in an order that was sealed.  The tea bag wrapping in question was sealed without a tea bag inside.  I would have said something sooner, however...I only tried these when I had a sinus infection and the last 3 times I tried to use one...the sealed pouch was EMPTY.  BEWARE!
I absolutely recommend this product to anyone who suffers from sinus headaches.  My brother had given me a couple of bags to try a few months ago. In the past I have had serious sinus headaches.  After drinking this tea, my headaches were gone and the clicking in my nostril had ceased! I was so relieved! I have recently drank this tea for a dry cough! Big mistake, it gave me a sore throat as well as other issues.  I will never drink it for the common cold symptoms!  Love this product though!
All natural beef, but too soft for my taste - doesn't have the 'snap' and drier outer surface that some like.  This is a matter of personal taste - the product is good, just not for everyone.<br />I suggest trying this company's old fashioned cold-smoked beef-sticks.  Strong hickory flavor, a good bite of spice, and drier texture.<br />This company has superb customer service!
Buffalo Bills Premium Snacks<br /><br />I realize that taste is an individual thing, but I thought I'd share my thoughts on these products.<br /><br />First, customer service is excellent.  I've always gotten exactly what I ordered in a very timely manner.<br /><br />So far I've ordered the following products:<br /><br />1) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Mild Short Shots<br /><br />2) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Hot Short Shots<br /><br />The first two short shots are very similar to Slim Jim's, just not individually wrapped, I just put them in a zip lock bag and find them very convenient to munch on( about a quarter pound per bag.<br /><br />3) Buffalo Bills 1.2lb Extra Smokeys<br />These are very smokey, but a little too dry for my taste.<br /><br />4) Buffalo Bills 16oz Premium Hickory Beef Jerky Pieces (random size<br />Taste great if you are a jerky lover.<br /><br />5) Buffalo Bills 2.1lb Pepperoni  Short Shots<br />Probably the closest to Slim Jim's of all the short shots<br /><br />6) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Honey Strung<br />O.K. taste.  My wife hates the smell.  My Brother doesn't care much for them either.<br /><br />All- in- all, I highly recommend these products (in the order listed) and this company.<br /><br />Gunner  January, 2010
Buffalo Bills Premium Snacks<br /><br />I realize that taste is an individual thing, but I thought I'd share my thoughts on these products.<br /><br />First, customer service is excellent.  I've always gotten exactly what I ordered in a very timely manner.<br /><br />So far I've ordered the following products:<br /><br />1) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Mild Short Shots<br /><br />2) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Hot Short Shots<br /><br />The first two short shots are very similar to Slim Jim's, just not individually wrapped, I just put them in a zip lock bag and find them very convenient to munch on( about a quarter pound per bag.<br /><br />3) Buffalo Bills 1.2lb Extra Smokeys<br />These are very smokey, but a little too dry for my taste.<br /><br />4) Buffalo Bills 16oz Premium Hickory Beef Jerky Pieces (random size)<br /><br />Taste great if you are a jerky lover.<br /><br />5) Buffalo Bills 2.1lb Pepperoni  Short Shots<br />Probably the closest to Slim Jim's of all the short shots<br /><br />6) Big Buffalo Ole Smokies<br />Fatter, crisp not as crunchy as short shots, individually wrapped.<br /><br />7) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Honey Strung<br />O.K. taste.  My wife hates the smell.  My Brother doesn't care much for them either.<br /><br />All- in- all, I highly recommend these products (in the order listed) and this company.<br /><br />Gunner  January, 2010
Good, light taste.  Not too strong of a flavoring, and very little, if any, aftertaste.  They go down easy,...MMMmm.  Definitely happy with the purchase.
I learned about these from a co-worker after he made a bulk purhcase of several kinds of beef sticks a year ago.  He spread them around and so I got to sample a variety: I've ordered the Honey Stung four times since then. Two other co-workers have also ordered them on several occassions this past year and they're "believers" too.  Additionally, we've all ordered several of the Buffalo Bills brands and they're all superb!  As long as you don't eat the whole bag, I'd also call these "Atkins friendly" as well, as that is also a motivator for me ordering these so many times (other than them being just being great, well-seasoned snacks).  Buy 'em, you'll love 'em!
I enjoyed this product.  They are a good value for the amount you get.  I did not sense much honey in the product, so a bit more flavor would be nice.  I would buy again.
I though it was fresh, moist;  However, personally alittle to sweet for me.  I think i`ll stick with the John Wayne brand.  JW brand is more expensive but it seems to soot my taste buds better.
I was a little skeptical on ordering the teriyaki sticks version based on a couple of reviews but, I am happy I did. They were a soft stick as someone said but had a nice crunch when you bit in. The teriyaki was milder than others I have ordered and they were more smokey but they are called ole' smokeys. I did not get the greasy mouth feel that someone said and it did have a pleasant tasting after taste. All in all, worth a 4* rating... but it could be a 5 based on individual tastes.
These snacks are very different than, say, Slim Jims. They are moist and seems less processed than many of the convenience store meat snacks out there. There was a nice hint of spice laced with honey. I would say they tasted and had a texture that I might have expected in a more expensive product. I will buy them again and will recommend them to friends and family.
I bought the Buffalo Bills Teriyaki Ole' Smokies beef sticks because I absolutely LOVE beef sticks, especially teriyaki, and I thought this would be a good buy - good quantity for the price.<br /><br />The teriyaki beef sticks themselves were very tasty and flavorful. I also loved the texture, it was very soft and tender.<br /><br />The only bad thing I'd have to say about this product is that it leaves me with a very greasy, fatty residue all over the rood of my mouth, which kind of takes away from the flavor and my ability to FULLY enjoy the product. Aside from that, I may still order it again. :)
I purchased the Honey Stung Smokies and some of the reviews stated that they were mushy, I wouldn't go that far, but they are softer then most beef sticks but they still have a 'snap' to them. The taste is great, even the picky kids liked these smokies-I think we will try some of the other flavors. plus order these again.
Tried Mild Only.<br /><br />Amazon $28 on 02/12/2012<br /><br />Pro<br />Good weight price value.<br /><br />Con<br />Mushy (was hoping it would be drier & firmer like other reviews stated).<br />No Snap to skin.<br />So So Flavor.<br /><br />HOT Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Short Shots taste good & have better texture.<br />Also better price/weight ratio.  Smaller peices means better portion control.
really great snack for hiking or a baseball game....My son and I enjoy taking them when we go on a road trip to hold us over till we find a good restaurant!
Taste great, once in awhile you will come across a pocket of fat but its worth the risk. Anything from this supplier is good quality and value.
These have a good snap when you bite into them and a nice honey beef taste!<br />Choo Choo R Snacks always has excellent customer service, and they throw in a few samples as well!
I really enjoyed these beef sticks. Even though I preferred them to be a little bit harder, they were tasty. I just put them in the frig and that worked out fine. Nice flavor, not too sweet or spicy. They sure didn't last in my house!
I like this product very much. The Honey flavor makes them taste very good and they are bigger and thicker than most others I've seen. The saddlebag package is ingenious. why open and expose to the air all 100 when you only have to open half at a time. leave one half (50) completely sealed. One package of 100 thick beef sticks can sustain someone for a very long time. Use for emergency shelters,mountain climbing ,backpacking, camping, hiking, survival training, or any survival situation.theres plenty (100), so you could sustain yourself a long time if lost.Just these very light storable beefsticks and a jar of peanut butter unopened and a large jug of water in a vehicle could sustain life for a very long time at a minimum of space and weight.They appear kind of home made, unlike any beef sticks I have seen in stores before. My dogs like them also.I break off 1/2"pieces whenever they need a treat. I see nothing in the ingredients that suggest dogs can't eat them.However I want each person to evaluate this on their own not just because I say so. My 5 dogs have had pieces of them now and then and love them and havent shown any signs of being sick or having less energy. I recommend them.
I love this product and order it quite often for my big boys to take hunting. Just wish the seller would take the time and money to change the label to say Mild instead of spicy. It isnt spicy and they have at least put a sticker on the package but have not changed the discription on line so I thought I was actually purchasing spicy this time. Still a wonderful product.
Could only find at local Shell gas station......now I have a source to buy all I want!  Fast & secure delivery....price is great!  Will order again, and again, etc.,.....
These beef sticks have a great flavor and the price seems fair. There is no label stating as to where this product needs to be refrigerated.
Beef sticks and honey - what a great combination! The Ole Smokies beef sticks are full of flavor. Adding honey gives them a little twist of sweetness that just puts them over the top. The Honey Stung Ole' Smokies are always a favorite with our friends; the saddlebag pack is a perfect take-along to football parties.
I couldn't resist the price... so many beef sticks for so cheap. However, I think I was expecting something different. The jerky has a good taste, and at first it wasn't very oily, but as they got older (and exposed to the air) I did notice some oil spots forming through the casings of the sticks. Overall, if you can consume this, say, within 1 week of opening, they are great! If you need something that will stick around longer (stick, get it?) then maybe this isn't the right product. They also sent me a free sample of some of their other products with my order, and the shipping was quick. I like the company, the beef sticks just weren't what I was looking for, I guess.
This wine actually turned out really well.  I made some modifications to the kit however.  If you figure out the potential alcohol content, this kit would probably get around 7%, but by adding additional sugar at the primary fermentation, I ended up with 13%.  I also didn't use the whole f-pack.  It would have been WAY to sweet.  Instead, I topped the carboy off with an unoaked Chardonnay that I like.
I have now made a few of the Amazon wine kits. The Cornucopia are all fruity flavored sweet wines. Within a month of bottling the Pear Chablis our 30 bottles is down to 6 remaining. We have given as gifts and taken to get togethers. My only negative comment is that the starting Specific Gravity is low therefore these are lower alcohol wines. I did add a couple cups of sugar to the fermenter at the beginning...but worried that adding too much sugar would throw off the flavor of the wine. Anyway, the Pear Chablis is a nice easy drinking wine. It has an attractive label. I used clear bottles and the final product looks sharp.<br />If you are looking for straight wines that are not sweet fruit flavored wines, check out the Vino Italiano kits. These also come with corks, foils, and labels. They are a higher alcohol wine than the Cornucopia kits with a starting SG closer to 1.090.
Just bottled this wine about 2 weeks ago.  Opened the bottle yesterday, and WOW!!  I can't believe how good it is. Lots of pear flavor, and having experience with this brand, I know that when I let it sit for a couple months, it will be much better. The sweetness mellows out a little, but still is great! I have made about 6 of the Cornucopia wines, all with good results.  If you like the sweeter wines, you have to try this!
I bought this kit and I have to say that it was a hit. It was originally bought for my wife but then she decided to trade off 15 of these for 15 of the White Zin that we were making for a friends wedding. At the wedding it went quick and many people were asking me to make it for them. MY answer was here is where you buy the kit and if you want to buy it and the bottles I would be happy to make it for you. I do not have a license to sell it since this is just a hobby for me.<br /> I did add one can of white grape concentrate after the F-pack was added and that added so much more flavor.<br /> I promise that you can't go wrong with this kit if you like a sweet chardonnay.
This turned out fantastic, a little sweeter than I expecting but still great. May even consider this a dessert wine. Its nice using Cornucopia kits as they come complete with all the supplies you need, corks,labels,toppers,etc. I only use distilled water in the making of the wine, dont want to chance it with anything else. They have always turned out great. Give it a try.....The Farmwiner
This is definitely sweet, but that's how I like my wine.  No backsweetening needed!  It has a pear flavor and chilled ... well, it's my favorite.
Good kit, however using the F-pack (pear juice) made it WAY too sweet, I ordered two more and intent to blend the kits, the second two with out the added pear juice.
I would call this a summer wine-light with strong pear notes. Almost clear in color. Nice finish and a good wine for those who don't really like wine.
I bought this kit after I really enjoyed making the tropical riesling from the same manufacturer.  It was equally easy to make, but it is very peary.  I wouldn't have minded it if it was more subtle.  Still very drinkable, but I suspect that I'll be mixing it more.
This is my 6th kit I have made and as usual it is simply amazing!!! I am truly hooked on all Amazon's wine kits as they have all turned out better then I have ever imagined for the price. i couldn't be happier with the results and will continue to purchase these kits to add to my wine cellar. I am in the process of fermenting the Barolo and am eagerly anticipating the end results.
This is my third wine kit and it's going so fast I should order another.  We took samples from all three kits to a Thanksgiving get-together.  More than once, I heard, "Who's going to finish off this bottle so we can open another pear?"
6-Hour Power's ingredients are pretty much the same as its rival, 5-Hour Energy's, so obviously the effect is pretty much the same. Yet, this cost me $18 for 12 while the other cost me $8 for 2 at the nearest store.<br /><br />Great savings even if you only need these just a couple times a week.<br /><br />The taste isn't as tangy and addictive as 5-Hour Energy's berry flavor. A bit bland in comparison, but it's still nowhere close to bad.
This stuff will give you a marked energy boost. Note that every person is different.  For me, this lasted 3 hours before the crash.  (Not a sugar crash.) But my heart was pounding like it wanted to burst through my chest.<br /><br />So I only drink half at a time (like another reviewer) and it works, without the scary heart acceleration.<br /><br />It's even tasty.
Six Hour Power does help to create a more energetic and alert state.  The affect does not last anywhere near six hours.  For me it was a couple of hours.  It is not as strong as Five Hour Power high strength, but it is not positioned as high strength either.  For the money, I would buy this again over the regular Five Hour Power product.
The 6 hour power energy shot does just what it says.  A lot of times I only drink half the bottle to achieve the mental alertness that I look for.  It's one of the best energy shots out there when you figure in price, taste and effectiveness.
I guess it does the job okay.  And it's much cheaper than 5-Hour brand.  But the packaging it arrived in was in Spanish.  Since I don't speak or read Spanish I was a little leery of this item since it was impossible for me to read ingredients and nutritional information panel.<br />The item is labelled as being made in the USA but the website on the label has a .mx extension for being a Mexican company.<br />I don't have anything against our neighbors to the south.  I just expect that when I buy something on Amazon that the labeling will be in English unless otherwise stated.
My husband works outside all day long. Due to the recent heatwave, his body is depleted of fluids due to sweat. My husband uses the energy shot along with ZipFizz. The ZipFizz provides the necessary potassium to keep the body going. I personally do not recommend too many energy shot drinks during the day, but they do prove beneficial to help you keep going.
Pros: Free super saving shipping, small, juicy taste, diffrent flavors, and healthy..<br /><br />Cons: Sometimes seller only haves 12 vs 36. to order.. I like to have several packs..
I took a chance with this product (even though there weren't enough good reviews) since they are cheaper than 5 hour energy.  They did not work for me so I tried Red Rain which did work and was even cheaper.  Red Rain DID work for me so I am done with 5 hour energy and 6 hour power. The ingredients are pretty close to 5 hour energy but someone is lying since it doesn't work.
I've tried a few of the different energy shots, and found that the "5 hour energy" have a flowery note (lavender?) in all of their flavours.<br /><br />I can't say I like it. The _effect_ is ok, but the flavour is like bad/flat orange pop, and is otherwise uninspiring. I think I'd prefer the more standard 'berry' flavour of other shots vs this one.
I had to be taken to the ER in an ambulance earlier, the day before yesterday. I was having seizures, near-syncope (passing out, but still being somewhat conscious), couldn't breathe, and my blood pressure was at stroke level. I felt like and thought I was dying (or maybe already) dead for about 3 hours. It was painful and horrifying. I think I figured out what it was that caused my near-death experience. It was probably the energy-shot I took 20 minutes before then. I don't usually take something like that. Someone offered it to me, and I was so tired, I didn't even look at the bottle and took it. Please, don't use these!
Being from Greece I can say with certainty that this is an original Cretan olive oil. Its pure and full taste makes it ideal for cooking, salads and dressings. We were thrilled to find here in USA an original product deriving from our country and my wife likes to use it every time she cooks, resulting in tasty and full flavored foods. I would strongly recommend this basic component of the Mediterranean diet to anyone who want to improve his nutritional habits.
I use this olive oil for salads, dipping bread in it, hummus, and sauteing veggies and meat. Its a very high quality oil with a delicious taste! Try the oil by itself and compare to another olive oil and you'll see the difference! I've gotten my girlfriend and my mom both hooked on it. In addition, it has been great getting to know Nick who helps manage the production (as compared to what you buy in the store from a big brand)since he goes to the farmers markets here in Cincinnati and lets people sample the oil.<br /><br />I've only recently found how much better local veggies and other products at the farmers market can really taste, all for just a couple extra dollars. A bottle of olive oil lasts a long time so paying a couple extra dollars compared to buying another cheaper brand, is more than worth it!
I'm a little biased in my review, but I firmly believe that Mt. Kofinas extra virgin olive oil is the best olive oil you can buy. It has the best blend of flavor and low acidity that I've tastes anywhere. I've tastes olive oils that say they have .1 acidity levels, but then they don't taste like anything at all. I've also tastes olive oils that claim all sorts of awards that have made me have a coughing fit from their pepperiness. Here's what I think: it's all about the flavor, and Mt. Kofinas simply tastes the best. Also, since it's sources from one area, I'm not worried about any other oils being in my delicious extra virgin olive oil.<br /><br />If you want to taste some truly delicious olive oil that doesn't cost a lot, try Mt. Kofinas olive oil.
I picked up my first bottle at our local farmers' market.  We loved it so much.  So flavorful.  But sadly, there is no farmers' market in the winter.  So glad to see it on amazon.
This olive oil is great.  Tastes very good and is outstanding for use with bread, pasta, and for cooking in general.  Love the flavor.
I have a Pit Bull who is a little over a year old. To say he is food motivated is an understatement. However, with that being said he is still picky. He adores these treats and others from Darford. I do much research before I feed treats/food to my dog and I could not find any bad information on this company. I promote these treats to family/friends that have dogs and their dogs are also hooked. Good wholesome treats.
Out of all the brands of bully sticks, True Chews has to be one of me and my dog's favorites.  My favorite because they are not messy, they dont break apart as easy as some of the cheaper brands, and they do not smell!  My pup loves it because it doesn't make him sick, doesn't give him gas, and gives him hours/days of fun.  Their whole lineup is great and highly recommended if you have a puppy/dog with a sensitive tummy.  FYI My pup is currently 5 months old and is a 8lb Shihpoo.  I gave it one less mark only because they are one of the more expensive brands and that they are a tad hard to find locally.
Other pretzel-shaped beef tendon were too big for toy breed, but not this little one. I'm happy to find a USA product that is nutritional and easy to chew and digest.  Lasts a long time - give it to her for an hour a day for 4-5 days.  She likes the pretzel better than the little barbell.  Not smelly or greasy.  Also likes <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NV83EG">Merrick Flossies Dog Treats, 50 Treats</a>, which last a long time too. I try to switch up the shape of the chew b/c I think it helps her teeth.
I received these in bad condition. Most of them were broken, but the ones that weren't had holes in them. They were so weak that they would tear when you tried to roll them. I would try three ladies brand. They are a way higher quality.
I was a little worried about the other reviews that said their wrappers were broken.  I wonder if they were pushing the wrappers they suggested (both suggested the same wrappers.... hmmm) However, the wrappers arrived intact.  In fact we took two packages camping and the left overs made it home without damage.  I detected no difference from the rice wrappers we buy locally at an Asian market.  Buying in bulk saved lots of $$.  There were a couple of wrappers - out of dozens -that had a few tiny air bubble holes in them.  It didn't affect the taste or function.  That is the reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  We weren't wrapping anything that was really drippy so it wasn't a problem.  We will definitely order again.  Shipping was rapid.  A great buying experience.
I purchase Banh Trang Spring Rolls Skin frequently to prepare a tasty batch of fresh spring rolls, but recently I got a container with black spots mixed into the skin.  I tried to rinse them off when they were soaking but it didn't work and had to be thrown away.  At the bottom of the container, 5 skins had what looked to be tiny ants embedded within the skin.  At that point, I decided not to have fresh spring rolls at all until I purchased a fresh batch of a different brand..  When trying to find the company on the internet to write them directly, I was unable locate their company webpage, although there were many references to the Co. name Bahn Trang.
I bought this brand and it was just horrible. Amazon needs to source and offer 3 Ladies brand wrappers as they are just superior to anything out on the market today.
These are beautiful, smooth spring roll wrappers and on the package label there is a sticker on each one that reads, "New technology", so, I'm figuring by the bad reviews that this company changed the way they manufacture their spring roll wrappers and have probably upped their quality control as well. I was nervous about ordering these by the bad reviews but I'm glad I took a chance because these are a bargain compared to some of the other brands.<br /><br />Will definitely order these again!
The wrappers are GOOD but it would have been easier if the filling was already in them.  The fact that it wasn't meant I had to look<br />up what goes into a wrapper and buy water chestnuts, bamboo shoots and bean sprouts to help me make up my own filling.  The<br />wrappers are GOOD but more work than heating up a frozen appetizer.
I'm not the best cook, but I like to try new things to make my diet healthier.  I confess that I LOVE ramen noodles, and this product helps me cut the salt content.  The flavor packet that comes in Ramen noodles usually has between 600-900 grams of sodium per serving (2 servings in the packet...I eat the whole thing, so that's a LOT of salt.  This Miso contains 880 grams sodium per tablespoon.  I add a table spoon to my ramen, then just a light sprinkle of original flavor packet, cutting the salt almost in half, while still adding a nice savory flavor.  I also add a handful of frozen peas, but I like to keep it simple.  I'm sure there are many other recipes and uses to be found out there, so enjoy!
We are regular customers for the delicious coffee and purchase the decafe French Roast also. It makes a single fresh cup at a time in our Flavia Coffee maker
In my area one cannot find Cinnamon Mentos.  I am so happy I was able to find this flavor.  I just love this product.
This product is my wife's favorite.  Kids love it too.  Would suggest it if you like cinnamon.  I would buy this again
This is really good green tea without bitterness or the orange discoloration which is a sign of "old" green tea. Stay away from the big brands like Lipton, Twinnings, and Bigelow. They do well with black tea but not green.<br /><br />For green tea go with this, Uncle Lee's, or Tazo. You'll never be able to go back to the others, which will taste like swill from a polluted river.<br /><br />This is real green tea. And it's not expensive. Recommended.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Rusk Reeder
Dynasty brand green tea is the best green tea I've ever tasted.  It never tastes stale, unlike brands I've bought in grocery stores.  This is because each tea bag is packed in a sealed envelope with a metallic lining.  The metal apparently keeps out moisture.
They are awesome to snack on.  They have a little kick to them but that's the best part.  They help me with my cravings for sweets.
Reed's Crystallized Ginger is the real deal! It's natural and basically just ginger with sugar. 1 piece takes care of my candy cravings and aids my digestion of lunch etc.
I have one cat who cannot tolerate THIS PARticular Fancy Feast Salmon Product. It is only the Shredded one that gets her, but get it does.<br />Everytime she eats it, she throws it up all over everywhere. My shoes, the white rug and gratefully, the tile.<br /><br />She ate this for several years with occasional upsets, but now it is EVERY time. No more for this family. I realize that this occurs on an individual basis USUALLY.<br /><br />But, I also have one younger kitty who is at the "occasional upset" stage. So, if you have a kitty with a tender tummy, I would avoid this!!
Try these first for all your seafood soups and stews.  They're just amazing. The flavor enhances all your seafood and just makes it wonderful.  Plus, these are great just to snack on out of the bag.  Kids love them!  We use them for chilis, soups, and recipes as well.  Highly recommend!
If you are on the paleo/caveman/primal/hunter-gatherer diet, YOU WILL ADORE THESE COOKIES!<br />otherwise stay away, your taste buds aren't attuned to the uniquely sweet NATURAL cookies. End of story Paleo PURCHASE, SAD (standard American diet) skip it
I really wanted to like these.<br /><br />First off, these cookies are about the size of a half dollar and aren't that thick. And they are more like fudge that cookies. Look at the ingredients. They are nut flour held together with honey. They need some egg or something. They are gooey and sticky. They are extremely sweet and pack a whopping 10-15g carbs each and yes that is not counting the fiber.<br /><br />I'm sorry I appreciate the effort guys but in my option these are a novetly. They are too expensive and too non-functional to be a serious part of your regular diet.
I was not impressed with these cookies when I tried them, when they first came out and the company had only one flavor. I did not care for them but I knew that something more satisfying could be had because I'd tried others.<br /><br />I have found many great paleo cookie recipes on web sites and in paleo cookbooks that I love and they my friends, cooking students, and neighbors have really enjoyed. If you're looking for rock your taste buds paleo cookies, I suggest you check out the recipes for chocolate chip cookies and other flavors of cookies made from blanched almond flour found in The Gluten Free Almond Flour Cookbook, Make It Paleo, and on Elana Amsterdam's web site.
The cookies came sealed and seem to be high quality in there ingredients.  The only thing is they just don't taste that good. My girlfriend and I thought these might be a good dessert-like option while doing the Paleo diet, but after trying one of each kind over a couple days we just don't find ourselves going back for more.  I would much rather not have a dessert and really check that box on a cheat day than being left wanting more after eating these.  If you have a true gluten allergy, maybe this is a good option for you but I'm not a believer.
These taste very good, but aren't like the BEST things ever either. In order of my preference (gross to good) with explanation: The "rainforest" flavor one is my least favorites (I don't recommend this particular flavor). has a weird cayenne pepper aftertaste to it (don't get me wrong, I love cayenne, but not in a cookie!).... The "tropical" one tastes as if corn bread was turned into a cookie version (not a bad taste. Really good, actually!)... the "Original" is very great. I forgot the taste though, but I remember liking it..... "Alpine", in my opinion, is the best - it tastes like a European type of christmas cookie. it has a chocolaty (carob) taste to it, but not overly-sweet.
I love these cookies. I am on the paleo diet right now and these cookies are what I look forward too. I do like the taste of the tropical one the best. They all have different taste but if you want something that is grain free and gluten free then this is the right place. I expected the taste to be different and it is. Other reviewers seem to expect them to taste like oreos or chips ahoy. Of course not.<br /><br />When I eat them, I don't even feel bad about it because my body welcomes them. They don't make me crash either and feel like I ate junk food. It is a good indicator that these were made from all natural ingredients. I wish I had these cookies close to me. I'd buy them every single day!
I thought I'd try the multi-pack to see which flavor I liked the best, but I like them all. They are healthy, fulfilling, and all good ingredients I can actually pronounce. These are the smaller packs, and now I can proceed to ordering the larger bags. Love these cookies!
i just started the paleo diet and i love it! lost 4 lbs in like a week! anyway i was so glad to find out there are paleo cookies out there and thank goddess they're good!! i loved the original and when they sent me them i got a sample of tropical and i loved that too! so i ordered the tropical and got a sample of rainforest! at first they're good but if you read the ingredients u'll see there is cayenne pepper in it and im really sensitive to hot spices and i could SOOO feel it on my tong! it was like an after taste. but if u enjoy a little fire with ur sweet u'll like rainforest flavor! really wanna try the alpine flavored ones they're a lot darker in color so it should be interesting :) good job caveman bakery! I LOVE YOU!
I've been Paleo for six months, as has my partner. We both found these inedible. All four kinds (which, by the way, taste nearly the same).<br /><br />I'm not sure what it is about them either. It seems like they would be good from the ingredients. But something about the combination of flavors just does not taste good. I kept trying them again, hoping that they would grow on me. They sure didn't. We finally tossed them.<br /><br />So, I would advise getting just one from a local co-op or something before you buy a whole bunch online. I sure which I had.
I bought a 40 sampler pack from the caveman bakery website. It's not exactly like a cookie consistency however the texture and chewiness of the cookie I like. They kind of remind me of like those natural nut and fruit bars, like kind or something. Of the ones I've tried, Alpine and Tropical are my favorites mainly because alpine has hazelnut and tropical has a coconut taste in it. The least favorite that I've tried is either the rainforest, it has a strong taste of ginger and I'm not a fan of ginger. The other ones are pretty good too. However, I didn't realize that these cookies were so small, but I guess based on the big portions of today's society, this is a normal portion.<br /><br />Overall its good, would I buy again? Maybe if I was on a strict gluten-free diet.
Formula itself is great. Works wonders for a baby that spits up but WTF... why is it so expensive here? $121 for 6 12.9oz cans. That's $20 for a 12.9oz can when you can buy a 24oz can at any store for less than $25. Almost double the price...I don't get it.
With all of the choices of things to drink, this is an excellent one. It tastes great. Most of our choices are either loaded with sugar, or carbonated ... even milk is sugar-dense. This drink is good for blood pressure and cholesterol. It is an excellent thirst-quencher. So much better for the hot summer months than sugary lemonade! It does, however acidify the pH. I am supposed to be alkalizing my diet, so I can't drink a lot of this. :(<br /><br />From the time I was a small child, my mother was an advocate of apple cider vinegar and honey for health. Hippocrates would have been happy to discover Bragg Organic Apple Cider Vinegar All Natural Drink: Concord Grape Acai :))) Try it and drink to good health!
This may not be the best tasting thing I have ever drank but man do I feel instant results after drinking some. I would best describe the effects as very close to the good feeling you experience when you drink coffee. I notice that my circulation feels fantastic like my whole body is warm, a very healthy dose of energy and I dont notice any jitteryness like coffee or energy drinks give you.  The only reason I didnt rate it 5 start is because a 16oz bottle is $3.00 which I think is a little steep. But for the great feeling I get when I drink some I would highly recommend it to anyone else who wants to feel a boost of energy as well as a general sense of well being.
Let me preface this by saying I purchased it at a local health food store for about a dollar less. I was pleasantly surprised with this drink. It tastes great, but definitely a little tangy. What I loved about this was how great I felt after drinking it. I felt awake and focused, and just overall really good. I will definitely be buying more.
I love using generous amounts of vinegar on sandwiches, salads, etc., but this drink was so vinegary that I got a bit of a tummy ache.  It tasted closer to salad dressing than it did a drink.  I tried really hard to like it, but no go.
I bought this drink locally and I have to tell you, they got it 'just right'. If you are like me and you like the flavor of vinegar, this drink will not disappoint, if you also like the flavor of grape. The mixture was done perfectly, No stinging taste, it's sort of mellow, yet has that flavor of vinegar you are looking for. I am highly impressed with it. I went back today and bought 5 more bottle of it at the local Co-op. Braggs is a highly regarded apple cider vinegar, so, to have that kind of base to start with means alot. I can pretty much promise you, that you will 'not' be disappointed if you buy it. They have a couple other flavors, which I will eventually try, but this one has me hooked. hehe )
This is the best ever.  Just add HOT water and mix.  Yummy with anything can even add to cream sauces and soups.  Add some sausage and you are in Heaven.  Yummy Yum.  Cannot go wrong ordering this product.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KOUM68">Pioneer Brand Gravy Mix, Country, 2.75-Ounce Packets (Pack of 24)</a><br /><br />I had this gravy  at the Breakfast Buffet in the motel in Branson, MO.<br />Very Good!!! The waitress told me the name, so I looked it up on the Internet and found it at Amazon.  I give it the Excellent Rating
We use these for our daughter for a few reasons. One, they are healthier than other cereal bars on the market (whole grain). Two, they have yogurt incorporated into the bar. Three, the are thick and do not easily crumble. Since our daughter starting eating them when she was about 1, not having to clean up after she's eaten them is a BIG plus.<br /><br />Plus, they are super yummy for adults too.<br /><br />They are more expensive than others on the market (esp since I can get Nutrigrain bars in bulk at a discount) but they are worth it. Makes our life easier and they don't have a ton of added sugars!
These are really excellent breakfast bars. Note to the previous reviewer: the Nutrigrain bars, last I checked, had artificial color in them. These don't. They also taste very good. This is our third order through Amazon (great price) and my daughter misses them when we're out.
The flavor of the fruit enclosed is outstanding(bluberry) and if there is  a drawback it is that the blanket that encloses the fruit is a bit thick (unlike this companys fig bars) and pastry textured.Flavored with cane  syrup(not fruit juice).150 cal per bar,and low in fat and the carbs(29) not too bad considering the great taste.
I keep a box of these in my desk at work.  They make a wonderful snack or are great if I didn't have time for breakfast.
my boys have been eating these for over 3 years now. Recently the box has been redesigned. I like it and it's much easier to open now. It used to have sharp edges and made it easy to get paper cuts. It seems the recipe has changed for the bar. it's softer than what it used to be. The boys still like it. They eat only this all day long if I let them.
I bought these bars for several years at my local co-operative grocery store, and ate them daily--they are tasty. However, the price increased nearly 100% during that time, and I noticed that, although the individual wrappers within the box remained the same size, the bar within the wrapper decreased. When I stopped buying these, the actual bar was only half the size of the wrapper. That's deceptive packaging, so I refuse to buy these any more. I suspect that other shoppers likewise complained, because last month the store where I bought these stopped carrying them.
Whole family likes these.  Tasty but not over sweet.  Much more healthy for you than most bars.  Excellentprice through Amazon on the repeating order subscription.
barbara's yogurt bars are okay.  i found the whole grain bar very dry and there really isn't much blueberry, or for that matter, apple flavors.  on the positive side, the bar is a soft chew.  total carbs 29g.  it's an okay bar in the glut of cereal bars to choose from at the grocery store.
My son has been eating these for the last two years and loves them.  I love them because they have yogurt in them, and for a picky eater provides some good nutrition.  Wish they were organic, but we can't have them all.  Much healthier than Nutragrain.
This product was a big disappointment.  The picture on the box is misleading.  These bars aren't chunky, the dough isn't flaky (more like cardboardy), they aren't filled with pieces of fruit, and if you didn't read the label (which claims about 30 items down the ingredient list that "yogurt powder" is added), you wouldn't have any idea you were eating yogurt at all.  The bars probably contain MSGs, with all of the "natural flavorings," etc.  Whatever calcium and other vitamins might be present have probably been added in what the ingredients list calls a "vitamin blend" -- there's too little food in the bar to give you much nutrition, anyway.  The experience is very much like eating a long, thin fig bar -- only not as tasty.  The fig bars I buy at my neighborhood grocery contain sugar, but also real fruit, whole wheat, no MSGs, and no trans fats. I'd rather eat one of them. I won't be purchasing this product again.
These aren't as good as other bars of this type. My kids won't eat them, nor will my husband. They are all fond of the Nutrigrain variety, but I thought these would be a healthier alternative.
Good product! good price  fast shipping . needs an insert in lid to seal container better!
Looked like a good deal, so I ordered the ground fennel, as well as 4 other spices and seasonings from this company, but was disappointed with them all. Zero flavor, not even the fragrance of the right herbs or spices when loosely sealed containers were opened. The dill smelled like dried musty grass, and the onion even worse. Ended up throwing them all away...save your money, DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
I couldn't find this product in the store.  I love the size and the price was just right.  Love the promptness of the delivery.
As an avid rice cracker fan, I've tried a lot of different varieties, and this is the best as far as taste and availability goes. Obviously some of the best are in the Japanese grocery stores, but at least in my case, they're out of the way most of the time.<br /><br />The crackers themselves are savory and crunchy--exactly what I look for in this snack (and this particular mix is nothing but crackers!).<br />Thanks to these, I've stopped trying out the regular grocery store imitations.
Our Corgi loves all sizes, shapes, and flavors of Dingo Bone treats!  The other reviewer commented on the VENDOR; we've never got a bad Dingo yet!  Highly recommended!
When I received this product it was old and dried out!  Dingo makes a good product.  I buy them all the time and my dog loves them but this supplier should pay more attention to what they ship.
most of the nuts in these bags were so old they had turned black totally worthless will never order again
I did not even receive the correct product, what I received were raw UNSHELLEd peanuts, but had no option to return them becuase amazon does not allow this. I attempted to contact but got no reply, do not buy from here!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO6BCC">Royal Oak  Gourmet Virginia Raw In Shell Peanuts, 2.5 Pound Bags (Pack of 3)</a><br /><br />I'll appreciate your speedy deliver of my package, however you sent me raw peanuts without the shell.  This item is going into a gift basket for my Pastor because he love raw peanuts in a shell.  I don't have time to returned them for the requested product. You have always been prompt with my orders in the past and I really do appreciate.  This is the first time you sent me an incorrect product.  I'll make it work.
I would agree with the other poor ratings for Royal Oak - very poor customer service from Royal Oak. We ordered, this year, the exact same product as last year. When it arrived, the nuts were not the same product, and they would not refund or pay shipping for the return. Also, they only operate the few weeks that peanuts are 'in season.' Otherwise, emails and phone calls are not even acknowledged.
I recommand this product. My childrens (5 and 3) love it, pouches as very usefull especially for breaks.<br />To choose. Enjoy
I've tried many different brands of Virginia peanuts but these are far and away the best. I've turned my entire family on to this brand and they've ordered them also. They're superb.
First of all, there are two kinds of paprika - sweet and hot.  Both are delicious but the Szeged sweet paprika is more versatile than the hot kind (which is also awesome!). I have been using this spice for years and the Hungarian type is consistently better than any other type/brand.  Use this on meat, veggies, cassaroles, salad, baked bries, quiches, egg dishes, shrimp, pretty much anything.  I use this in soup all winter long, especially with gulyas levas (this is a traditional Hungarian soup though it is often confused with goulash) and czipetke.<br /><br />This product is the large restaurant size, which is the only size to have if you do any amount of cooking because once you try this you will love it's versatility!!!!
I was so pleased with this purchase. A great value since I got them on a monthly sale!! I love to have these on hand for they come into play so nicely in so many recipes. Always a joy to have a good "crunch" in some recipes. One of my favorite ways to use this larger can is to wrap a piece of bacon around them and secure with a toothpick. Then I dip them in a Apricot Ginger marinade and put in the oven until the bacon is crisp. My family loves an appetizer dinner once in a while and this is one of their favorites. Be mindful that this is a larger can so have a couple of recipes in mind for them when opening, although they do stay fresh in the frig for a while.
Not only is the sweetener great in coffee or ice tea it makes a slammin skinny margarita.  Also try their Agava Simple Syrup - LOVE IT
I adore using this very vanilla bean paste ESPECIALLY for my cream pies and ice cream. Why, it's like adding a "touch of heaven", but without any of the bother of scraping out vanilla bean pods. The flavor is also better to my liking too than vanilla beans. The price is WAY, way better too and it's stores fabulously on the shelf for ages!<br /><br />For combined shipping, be sure to get their SWEET DOUGH FLAVORING and POWDERED VANILLA too. You'll be glad you did!<br /><br />For more cooking tips & techniques... google my name SharonAnne.
Enfamil Premium Lipil Formula is the same as the previous flagship Mead Johnson formula--Enfamil Lipil--except that it has "prebiotics" added in.  Our son was on Enfamil Lipil from September 2007-September 2008.  He was breastfed and formula fed during this time.  Our daughter, who is due in January 2010, will also be breastfed and formula fed for her first year of life.  We tried two other formulas with our son--Similac Advance and Parent's Choice.  The Similac was fine but clumped badly.  During the time we experimented with the Parent's Choice formula, my son was consistently troubled by colds and the flu.  I think the Parent's Choice formula lowered his immunity somehow and will never use it again.  I believe that Mead Johnson's decision to use prebiotics is a good one.  Our son had colic/acid reflux in part because his digestive system was not yet populated with the good bacteria for breaking down milk proteins.  He was a lot more comfortable after we started putting a little Culturelle (a probiotic) in his formula in the evening.  And since a lot of our immune system is in our digestive tract, he had fewer sick days after introducing the Culturelle.  Probiotics and prebiotics will also help infants rebound from the negative effects of antibiotics like amoxicillin quicker.<br /><br />Regarding the bpa found in formula can liners, I talked to an Enfamil customer service representative who told me that Mead Johnson now uses cans that are lined with a "modified polyester" that is bpa free.  Similac Advance Earlyshield comes in a bpa-free can also (the SimplePac container).<br /><br />Another concern parents have is the cost of formula.  Name brand formulas are expensive!  But if you think about it, you are feeding a human being for about $15 a week (a can usually lasts us 1.5 to 2 weeks).  $15 a week is peanuts compared to what a hungry teenager devours!  And with name brand formulas you are getting the absolute best product available--Bill Gates couldn't buy a better formula than what's on the shelves at Target or Wal-mart.<br /><br />If you are a new parent and feel overwhelmed by the infant formula section of your grocery store (as I was in September 2007), I suggest starting with the flagship formula of either Mead Johnson (Enfamil Premium Lipil), Abbott Laboratories (Similac Advance Earlyshield), or Nestle (Good Start Gentle Plus or Good Start Protect Plus).  They are all excellent infant formulas.  You just have to see what works for you and your baby.
I wish I found the plastic refill packs instead of 6 giant metaL cans - seems like a lot of wasted packaging.  I just didn't know to look for them until much later.  But, its much cheaper from amazon than the gocery store.  Probably about the same price as costco but no tax here and super convenient. And, the formula mixes well, my kid loves it and (most importantly) his poops seem normal...not nasty formula poops if you know what I mean!
Alot of moms like me like this item because our babies have no constapation on it i love it very much.
no gas for baby, no extra bubbles when you shake it in warm or cold water, mixes perfectly without much time... this is easy.  my kid was happy swapping from breast milk to this with no hesitation when my milk dried up at 6mths.
We had to move to formula when our baby was 8 weeks. We have found Enfamil Premium to mix easier than the regular Enfamil Lipil. Our baby has had no digestive issues from the formula. I love getting it in bulk from Amazon as it saves the weekly trip to the store for formula. The price (with free shipping) is comparable with local grocery stores in the Austin Area.
Our Baby loves it. And Amazon is very reliable and fast free super saver shipping is always a good deal. Thanks amazon.
I read other reviews before buying and they are not encoraging.. But still for some reasons, I got  to buy (to use my amazon gift card).  But then I am very happy with the purchase. Delivery is prompt. Quantity is correct . Over all a few bucks savings than you buy at a retail shop.
Go to Costco, and you can buy lower than this  price per oz. Currently $32 ($3 off regular $34.99)+ tax for big size = 0.83$/oz.<br /><br />Besides, it is more convinient to return if you kid does not like this formula<br /><br />Be careful, many times some sellers over price a product, and still make the product rank in the best sellers.
Be careful when odering this, because they say it's a 6 pk, but you will only get a 4 pk, plus the formula goes out in 4 months.  So if you did like I did and got it early for grandchildren your out of luck!  So I know I will not be buying off of this site again for food for my grandchildren, because they won't be able to eat it.
If one reads this products ingredients they will find that the first ingredient is cows milk, then SUGAR (diabetic maker), then milk, again. The fourth ingredient is sunflower oil, fifth ingredient is maltodextrin which is starch produced from grain containing the sugars maltose and dextrin, with the seventh ingredient being, get this, tuna fish oil. They even feature vitamin D3, which is animal derived. There are four different sugar sources in it and some artificial flavor for good measure. If we really think about what we are feeding our babies, would we use this product? I know I wouldn't. Know your food sources.
Have tried a few different peanut brittle's from Amazon and this is by far the best. It is LOADED with peanuts plus being in a sealed tin makes it seem fresher wit minimal breakage.
These were rancid upon receipt.  Terrible.  Very little sugar if any used.  Something went wrong with these as I can't believe anyone would see this as a final product.  Both cans!
I like that these are organic and don't have corn syrup.  My kids and I both like them.  I'd give them 5 stars but I noticed earlier this year that they changed the recipe.  The crackers are lighter and flakier than they used to be and they break more easily.  And if you have kids under 5, you might understand how upsetting broken crackers can be.  The taste is still great, but I preffered the old texture myself and definitely for my kids who cry when the crackers break while they are eating them.  And when you order these in the mail, like I did last time, don't expect many full graham cracker sheets - most are already broken in two, and quite a few are broken at the edges as well.
I have been buying  new Morning Graham Crackers since February of 2010. Never had a Problem with damage of the crackers in shipping .<br />Why Did Amazon Remove the Graham Crackers From Subscribe and Save?????  Why Did Amazon Remove The Graham Crackers From Prime ???The Crackers are a much Higher Price From a Third Party Seller. I will Purchase the Crackers From Whole Foods . Not Fair of Amazon to Take Away the Connivence of Ordering a Case
My husband has to limit the amount of sugar he takes in and these contain no sugar, and they taste great!
I rarely want to eat much when I first arise in the morning; but I do have coffee.  I've found that these cinnamon graham crackers work great for me as a little something to eat along with my coffee.  They are graham crackers - not anything super-duper amazing - but they are nice, cinnamony graham crackers that are organic.
My children will only eat healthy products, and they love these graham crackers.  I am so glad that they are available through Amazon!
These crackers are terrific, and they are priced right.  However, i ordered them on 10/29/06, and the expiration date on the box was 12/31/06.  We have only eaten four boxes.  They still taste fine after the expiration date, but... am i really expected to consume 12 boxes in 2 months?
These are very good, they were a great price and fast-free shipping when you purchase enough food.  The only thing is that the box was smaller than I guessed it would be.
I was quite surprised to find that Sociables were available thru Amazon. I cannot find them in the local supermarkets and thought I would have to give them up.<br />They arrived quickly, in great condition, and we now are on regular shipments of them.
I felt ripped off. The photo clearly shows two bones and the price, at $8 plus, is indicative of two. I thought I was purchasing a "bone" packaged as two to a pack. Walmart sells identical big smoked knuckle bones for $3.50 ea. Why doesn't the photo show one bone instead of two if they are just shipping one? It wasn't worth the hassle to return the package to make my point of protest so I am doing it here.  Beartoothjoe
Wow I heard of this candy but could never find it, now I am hooked. Now I don't have to suck on child lemons with salt, just shakey shakey.
I absolutely love these! Seven of these sweet, very thin Graham Crisps are only 60 calories, but it's easy to eat a lot of them and there are almost 80 in the package. Delicious by themselves; wonderful with ice cream. If they are purchased using Amazon's Add-on Program there is no shipping charge.<br /><br />UPDATE:  I've seen mixed reviews of this company's products. The items I've purchased have not been stale or strange smelling.
I love the 34 degree cracked peppercorn, wheat, and other varieties so I thought I would try the caramel, cinnamon, and graham as an alternative to cookies or regular graham crackers. True - you can have a lot of these crackers for little calories/carbs, but the flavor is bland. In terms of satisfaction, they don't quite cut it for me as a snack unless I put peanut butter or something on them. They would probably be good as part of a fruit and cheese dessert platter, along with some peanut butter, fruit spread, honey, or cream cheese.
Is that these are 60 calories per serving, however, in all honesty, I didn't make it through a full serving.<br /><br />I was excited about these, they looked like a "grown up graham cracker".<br /><br />First problem was the smell. They smelled like melted plastic, and something else I'd hesitate to even guess what it is, but it's bad. I bravely pulled out one small crisp, hoping that maybe it was the packaging that had the ... aroma. It was not. The crisp itself smells horrific.<br />I figured there was no way it could taste as bad as it smelled.<br />Second problem is that I was very, very wrong about that. They have a funky, chemical taste that just defies description. The aftertaste is sort of like a skunky/chewing on a plastic pen cap that went thru the wash/wet cardboard kinda taste. Seriously, it was awful.<br /><br />I tasted these about 45 minutes ago, and after drinking an entire bottle of water AND brushing my teeth, I CAN STILL TASTE IT.<br /><br />I'm glad these were an add-on, but they are still absolutely terrible. Their only redeeming quality is that they are cute. Not one single member of my family will actually eat them though, so this was definitely a waste of 3$. Had I known they would be this awful, I'd have just got a second bag of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007POA158">Hi I'm Skinny Sticks, Sweet Onion Multigrain, 7-Ounce</a>.<br />Only 30 cent more than these, but MILES better in taste.
This soup is good. I really love this brand of soups..my favorite being the Chicken and Dumplings. Healthy Choice isn't always the best brand when it comes to frozen meals but for some reason they really knocked it out of the park with their soups. I love them, they taste homemade and amazingly better than Campbell's or Progresso. I recommend this, the Chicken and Dumplings, the Split Pea and Ham...in fact, every variety I've tried has been delicious. You can't really go wrong with this.
First, I agree with J. Bishop's (Houston, TX) review.<br /><br />This is not only the best flavor of the Healthy Choice soup line, it is clearly among the best canned soup flavors of all time.<br /><br />Healthy Choice is the only brand of canned soup I buy on any regular basis.  It's the only brand that has never used MSG--a sure sign that a recipe lacks imagination (not too mention sodium issues).<br /><br />I really wish I could buy quantities of this in the microwave packaging (hard to find in stores)... a lifetime supply would do nicely.
If you love vegetable soup you should like this. Yes it has come chicken and large noodle type items in it too.<br />But it was not as good as I expected or hoped it would be
I enjoyed this soup.  It was flavorful with a nice blend of spices.  I will buy it again.
Tortilla soup is one of my favorite soups, and I like both the tomato and chicken broth varieties. Although I didn't expect freshly fried tortilla strips or queso fresco in a canned soup, I did expect something that resembled all other tortilla soups I have tried, that is a LIGHT broth with a mix of vegetables, corn, beans chicken and Mexican spices. This soup is thick - really thick, like the thickest tomato soup you've ever had with a grilled cheese sandwich. It's also sweet, and does not taste in the least like a Mexican soup. Instead, imagine straight tomato soup with a bunch of vegetables, beans and some chicken thrown in.<br /><br />I ended up giving it all away, and, to be fair, one of the people I gave the soup to said her husband really liked it.<br /><br />For a canned soup that much more closely resembles real tortilla soup, try <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014EUB7I">Campbell's Select Mexican Chicken Tortilla, 18.6-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>.
First off, there is a difference when you drink something out of box versus glass. A big difference.<br /><br />I was strolling in my local health food store and saw that this product was being packaged in a bottle. I snatched that sucker off the shelf faster than you could blink.<br /><br />I had tried this brand visiting a bigger city over a year ago. Only to find out when I got home that they didn't sell the canned version at my store. I was so bummed but not up for ordering cases of this stuff online.<br /><br />I have tried the other brands. This is by far the best. It could be because it's in a glass. I'm not a high end taste tester but I just know there is a big difference. And this stuff is like wine...best served when chilled. So being in a glass bottle makes all the difference in the world. Guess you could make that analogy of boxed wined versus bottled. I'll always take bottle over boxed even if the box is more bang for your buck. I'm a foodie. I love savoring food and beverage.<br /><br />A lot of people are mentioning it's over priced. Compared to what? And if you notice it's not Amazon selling it, it's a distributor using Amazon as a portal to advertise and sell it. The free shipping is really put into the cost of the price of a case. They could reduce the price but then it would probably say $10-$15.00 for shipping. It really would not make a difference.<br /><br />But I'm happy it's at my local health food store. I'm not ready to buy this by the case. Woohoo. Thanks, Taste Nirvana. This really is "Happiness in a bottle." Go get your own. I'm not sharing ;)
This brand is a little hard to find in stores as i don't think it's carried by any of the major supermarket chains. I discovered it at Au Bon Pain and noticed that unlike other brands I've tried, this one is not from concentrate and has nothing added, it's just pure unadultered coconut water, so the quality can't get much better. The other thing i really like about it is that it's a glass container rather than paper or plastic, so the taste is not compromised. These things alone are worth 5 stars to me but there are a couple things I would suggest to make it even better. First, this isn't really pulp the way you would think of it from you experience with fruit juices where there's pulverized, very small, drinkable pieces floating in the liquid; these are chunks of diced coconut that you have to chew up while drinking. To me, this would be fine if they were all the soft flesh you'd expect from a young cocunut but many of the pieces are harder which is unpleasant in a drink. Second, 9.5 ounces doesn't go a long way, I'd like to see it bumped up to at least a 12oz, I'd then feel like I'm getting an adequate amount for my money and it would last longer and quench better.
If you like coconut water, then you will love Taste Nirvana!!! It has bits of coconut in it. Not just a few, it has a lot of little bits.
this is great coconut water and there is no added sugar. its all natural and they use ripe coconut not young coconut.
Pretty close to the taste of a freshly opened coconut.  I'd like to know more about the process for obtaining this water to understand what the "natural coconut water" means.  The tasty juicy bits of pulp in the product add an extra complexity and make this a very refreshing beverage.  The fresh coconut is jelly like and not so pulpy, but it's still tasty.
As far as taste goes, this is the best coconut water I've tasted. I have not tried all the other brands, so I am only comparing this to coconut water ordered at restaurants (which I think is usually sweetened, so it really isn't a fair comparison), Vitacoco, and Amy and Brian's. Vitacoco uses Brazilian coconuts while Taste Nirvana and Amy and Brian's use Thai coconuts. It seems like Taste Nirvana and Amy and Brian's are naturally sweeter than Vitacoco, with Taste Nirvana being the sweetest. This is a good sweet though, since all of these three brands have no sugars added. While I've liked all the coconut water I've tasted, Vitacoco can have a slightly more salty and less sweet taste, while Taste Nirvana has an amazing taste with just the right amount of sweetness. I liked the pulp as well, although some of the pieces seem to be from more mature coconuts rather than the young almost gelatin pulps I'm used to at some restaurants.<br /><br />The only reason I took a star off is due to the price. These 9.5 oz bottles are not the most economical way to buy Taste Nirvana. In fact, at the current price this costs as much as I paid at the coffee shop for individual bottles. For the best bargain on this brand, buy <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004OW342G">Taste Nirvana Real Coconut Water With Pulp, 16.2-Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>.<br /><br />I wanted to try this brand because a lot of people say Taste Nirvana or Amy and Brian's taste the best, and I'd have to give my vote to Taste Nirvana. Hopefully some day I will taste a fresh coconut and maybe that will get my vote, but if you're like me and don't have any coconut trees nearby, try this out. Enjoy!
This is my favorite coconut water! Having traveled in Asia and being able to get someone to climb a tree to harvest a coconut and then open it with a machete, nothing I found in the store came close... until I found Taste Nirvana. The other brands are mostly from Brazilian coconuts, whereas this brand uses Thailand coconuts and it makes a difference.  Truly happiness in a bottle. It's a little pricey, but I can't get enough!
I had coconut trees growing in my backyard in Southeast Asia, and enjoyed drinking coconut water right from the coconut itself. Taste Nirvana Real Coconut Water with Pulp is the closest to the real thing that I've found.
IMHO. There is simply not a better beverage on Earth. Since I need to add  some more words see prior sentence.
Coconut water should not be sweetened!!! Actually "NO SUGAR SHOULD EVER BE ADDED" sweeting things is an american custom, which ruins the real flavor of coconut water. I lived in Jamaica for 4 years and the bahamas for 2, and the coconut water from real coconut does not have any added sugar, its natural.<br />I will stick to buying the brown hard shell coconuts from the supermarket and drink that it's more natural and unaltered. These boxed, caned and packaged coconut water are nasty, i am still yet to try a brand, one of the many that i have tried that will make me wanna buy it.
This will ruin supermarket mustard for you. High quality and just the right amount of bite so it allows the food to shine through.
I have tasted one too many different mustards which claim to be spicy, but fall short.  This spreads easy and is neither too thick, nor too thin.  It actually does have enough heat to taste, without being excessive.  This mustard would make a great addition to any sauces, marinades, salad dressings, or just for dipping!  I would recommend this product, for anyone who is looking for a mustard with some true heat.
A very tasty little cake. The cake was surprisingly moist, and the caramel rum sauce was very sweet but not too overpowering. We'll definitely be buying this product again.
The cake was a little smaller than I thought, but it was delicious.  My husband and I enjoyed it so much, we are ordering more for Christmas!
This tea actually tastes the way a rose smells.  It's like sipping on roses when you drink it.  I'm glad it can be purchased on Amazon because I looked in every regular food store as well as the more unusual stores, like Trader Joes, that carry unusual food items and could not find it.
It says Habenero peppers on the ingredients, but my guess is they just waved it over the closed bottle. Smells like molasses and soy sauce. Taste like molasses and soy sauce. Absolutely boring.
Great sauce! Used in many Jamaican restaurants to help with the heat of the jerk seasoning. Most use Walkerwood jerk seasoning to make the jerk and pour this on later on the jerk or the rice.
Tastes too sweet, which Jerk Seasoning is not.  Walker's woods is the most authentic to taste.  This was a waste.
I thought I would try this, but I am sticking with my UNCLE JOES JERK SAUCE!!! This is sweet & not hot....should be hot if they are going to put jerk on the label
Received order within 7 business days.  The product received did not have the same label as pictured though the wording was the same.  Also the product did not have the same flavor as the product pictured (which we had bought previously locally).  I suppose the manufacturer has not only changed the label for this product, but also the recipe.  The distributor provided excellent service and we have decided to keep the sauce we received, just have to make our own modifications for our grilled vegetable recipe we have used in the past.  Thanks for another great distributor for the products we like.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5ZFQ">World Harbors Jamican Style Jerk Sauce, 16-Ounce Bottle, (Pack of 6)</a>
I LOVE this sauce! It is sweet and molasses-y, with a tiny kick of heat.  I use it to make Hawaiian chicken or pork all the time.  I've never had authentic Jamaican jerk, so I can't vouch for accuracy there, but my whole family loves this one :D
I love this sauce! I used to get it at my local grocery store, but they've stopped selling it. I just ordered a six pack and it's going to last a good long while. Most people I know that have tried this don't like it, but I find the taste sweet and kind of zippy at the same time. I have been trying to find a substitute for months! I'm so glad I found this on Amazon! :)
We used to buy this sauce at our local grocery store which closed in September.  Luckily, we were able to find it at Amazon.  You do have to buy a 6-pack but the expiration date is March 2012.  Habanero Peppers give it a kick even though it has no onions.  I'm allergic to onions so this is a welcome product.  Very hard to find any good sauce with no onions.
This sauce has just the right combination of sweet, spicy and mild heat that is perfect for using with a family.  The spicy isn't overpowered with allspice, the way some other brands are.  Baste this on grilled pineapple for Jerk Turkey Burgers and you'll be in love too!  My only trouble is finding it in our small town stores... have had to go to the internet, but it's worth it.
(First of all, somebody is chasing me around and negging all my review so dont pay any<br />attention to those NO votes, they both arrived within minutes of posting this review.)<br /><br />This sickly sweetish molasses flavored thing is NOT jerk sauce, doesnt even remotely<br />resemble a bad facsimile. I dont know what World Harbors is thinking, cause this stuff<br />is horrible.<br /><br />BTW, I like their Teriyaki sauce, but this..... its as bad as it gets.
It's not great plain, but it's wonderful mixed with other herbs.  It can be a little bland if you don't put anything but the rosehips in the infuser.  Hibiscus goes great with it, though.  It's a great tea for children because it's mild and fruity, for adults add it to something else.<br />Also, you can eat the rosehips after they've been brewed, sounds weird but they are great, they taste a little bit like an apple and have lots of vitamin C.  Watch out for the pith (that's the best word I can think of for the little hairlike thorns that surround the seeds), though, if you decide to eat the hips.  Every once in a while you find one that hasn't been de-pithed properly, hence you need to avoid the pith if you eat the brewed hips.
These cloves are very finely ground and extremely pungent. I use them in cooking, I let a small amount soak in coconut oil and use it for massage oil, and also mix it straight into beeswax for candles. It works well on all counts. I am very satisfied and will be reordering when needed.
This mix is probably not something you would want to use everyday.  Its just new enough and different enough to be something special to add to your summertime recipe's.  When you want to reward yourself with something fun and fruity, this can fill the bill quickly and easily.  It has no aftertaste so often associated with diet drinks.  I highly recommend it.
When I opened the package, I expect the same old tasting Beef Jerky but my taste buds surprised me.  This beef jerky tastes amazing! I've been buying products from Amazon.com for years was really inspired to leave any feedback but as soon as I tasted this Beef Jerky, I wanted everyone to know.  I just ordered 5 more :)<br /><br />- Baba Ali
this is the best halal beef jerky i have ever tasted. also the company truly gives an Orthodox Muslim a good choice in buying because when you call them to ask about their slaughtering process they quickly give you the answer unlike other Muslim company's who try do deceive the consumer.
I am not Muslim, but was interested in this jerky because of its low carb content compared to some other brands of "sweet" jerky out there.  It has a slightly sweet taste and great flavor (spicy...but NOT hot)!  It is easy to chew and doesn't leave your fingers sticky. I wish it came in more economical sizes (6, 9, or 12 oz sizes), but that doesn't seem to be the case.  It's a great jerky and might just be addictive, which probably makes the 3 ounces bag size a good choice...after the first 3 ounces you HAVE TO STOP (at least long enough to open another bag)!!!
Well, after trying a lot of brands, this is probably the best beef jerky I ever tasted!
Great product and it tastes great.  I keep a bag in my drawer at work in case I get hungry and its great to eat to keep my protein count high since I'm working out.
These are very tasty, but way too sweet & sugary.  I felt like I was eating candy instead of meat.  If that's okay with you, then you'll probably love these, but I was looking for something a bit healthier.  Yes, I know it says 'sweet' in the product name, but I bought it because of the no hormone, no antibiotic, no artificial ingredient aspect.
Never had jerky before because I've never seen a Halal version. Was a little apprehensive at first but found it highly addictive. Went through a whole bag in one sitting. I recommend all my curious Muslim brothers and sisters to try it.
amazing taste, incredible quality. This is the best beef jerky I have ever had. I think it's even better than the other non-halal ones. This beef jerky made me leave my first review ever on amazon though I'm a regular costumer of theirs. Thumbs up!
I don't eat chips often, but when I do, these are some of my favorites. They have all the flavor and texture of traditional tortilla chips, but it is the subtle lime flavoring that makes them special. The lime flavoring appears to be a seasoning that has been dusted on. Some chips seem to have barely any flavor and I find myself looking for those with the most. Still, none of them have quite enough for my tastes. I wish that these chips had more that just a "hint" of lime.
Product arrived on time, nicely packaged and gift wrapped, the treats were all quality and very good.  Nice keepsake box.
I got these for my mom who is always sucking on a cough drop. These are gummi and are minty like a cough drop, she really likes them. A unique gummi creation.
This oil is wonderful. I've had almond oil that was so strong it overwhelmed what I was using it for (salad, cooking).  I loved the flavor of this oil and will be buying more.
I wanted to love this because I LOVE Earl Grey tea, I NEED decaf and I ADORE the convenience of the Keurig.  Unfortunately, I don't love these.  The flavor is very weak and doesn't deliver on the aroma.  I typically use the large cup setting on the 3-size model, but even the small cup is wimpy with these.  I did find that mixing this one with a stronger-flavored decaf tea results in a more suitable strength, but then you have to make 2 cups of something. The English Breakfast decaf is a much better choice.
As someone who goes through lots of thyme (I use it in everything except cereal), I was pleasantly surprised to see this product on Amazon at a very reasonable price. Looks, smells and tastes just like any other thyme but you can not beat not running to the grocery store and paying about 5-10x more for a tiny bottle which would last maybe 2 weeks in my house :).
Good product and reasonable price compared with local store. For people who use it everyday, it's a great deal... I would recommend it to everyone who loves thyme flavor.
I have purchased several herbs from Frontier which have been of good quality.  Thyme leaf is always one of the most difficult to purchase due to the likely chance of recieving more stem than leaf.  This thyme leaf purchase was of average to good quality.  I did have about 30-70%, stem to leaf cut in the package, so I was satified with the selection.  When I dry my own thyme leaf, I usually do about the same or a little less stem to leaf ratio for cooking use.  Stem of the thyme leaf are just as favorable as the leaf and can be used to cook with successfully.
I was reading a news story about how lab research suggest a thyme tincture to be one of the most effective ways to fight acne (better than a prescription). I got 5 quart jars (this amount is perfect for that many), 2 cheap bottles of vodka (80 proof) filled each jar half way with thyme then topped it off with the vodka. I'm still letting it sit (it takes six weeks) before it will be complete. where I will then have to get cheese cloth and separate the thyme from the liquid and do a test run. I'll update with results mid-may
I use a lot of various spices in my cooking and wanted to find a source with a quality product at a reasonable price.  Frontier met that discription.
This is the best olive oil not for cooking as any olive oil will work the flavor and aroma is fantastic Brings you to Italy Use on salads breads for dipping.
this item came exactly as described and shipped on time which is very important for Christmas!!  Thanks for a reliable, easy shopping experience.
I brought some of this back from a trip to Jamaica and wished I had bought it by the gallon.  It is very hard to find but WELL worth ordering in bulk!  It is a sweet but spicy sauce that takes me back to Jamaica with every taste.  I have attempted to duplicate it many times but can't seem to get it right.  I am ecstatic to finally have found a source.
I bought this on a whim and wow do I consider myself lucky.  It was a shot in the dark, but this turned out to be one of the best hot sauces I have ever tasted.  Not only has some good spicy heat, but excellent flavor as well.  It's an unexpected mix of heat with a hint of sweet, and a very robust mix of spices.  One thing I really love about it is that it flavors whatever you put it on, but does not overwhelm it.  The heat is hot for sure, but doesn't linger for very long.  The flavor is very original.  I went back to Amazon and bought a whole case of it.
I love jerk cooking, and this is the perfect jerk sauce to put over a freshly cooked piece of jerk chicken, pork, goat or beef. Each bottle does not last long at our house.
Pamela's makes an awesome, delicious, easy to use wheatfree baking mix.  The 25 lb bag is clearly a wholesale product, coming in a brown paper bag without any fancy labels.  In January Amazon was selling this product for $66 which was clearly an appropriate price for a wholesale item, especially if you compared it to the other sizes of the same baking mix.  Now they are charging $82 for the exact same product which makes it MORE expensive than buying the same product offered as 3 of the 4 lb bags in the very pretty retail packaging.  Something isn't right with this product offer, anymore.  Shame on you Amazon.  You're supposed to be above such schemes!<br />STILL, swear by Pamela's wheatfree Baking & Pancake Mix.  It's the BEST.
Pamela's all purpose mix is exactly what the gluten free folk out there need. It's like using regular white flour in almost everything. Every time I make a cookie, muffin, pancake, baked good, white sauce, etc it always turns out amazing! I have been using this product for at least 16 years. I only went gluten free about 2 years ago, but I used Pamela's products before going GF because I liked the taste of them!
I love Pamelas Baking Mix.  The 25 lb bag is quite large and the expiration is March 2, 2010, only 4 months after my purchase. I will never be able to use that much baking mix in such a short amount of time.  Not worth it.
What can I say about this flour that won't make it look like I was paid to say it?  I have been using this flour since I was diagnosed with Celiac disease six years ago. I have worked as a gluten free lifestyle coach for GF diagnosed people for years helping them to adjust to the diet and Pamela's flour is one of the first things I steer them to.  It is a great all-around gluten free flour.  It is not too light, like rice flour and not too heavy like a bean flour.  It does substitute well in all of my recipes.  It's baking outcome is very desireable.  I have never had trouble with it. In fact, many times the comments I get on my baked goods from my non-GF friends is that they can't tell it's gluten free.<br /><br />Now, to  be fair, I need to mention that it does have dairy and nuts in it.  This is a problem for dairy and nut allergy persons and children.  This is the ONLY drawback I see in this product.  Unfortunately, I have not found something that I like as well to substitute for it.
I am so excited about this product.  I have made Paula Dean's Apple Cake (half of the glaze), pancakes, Thanksgiving dressing, muffins and cornbread using this gf baking mix in place of the plain flour, salt and baking powder.  They were excellent.  My non gf family enjoyed them tremendously.  The finished products were not gravely or grainy. The taste was great.<br /><br />If you have never tried this, test it out in the much smaller size.  It is wonderful.
I have a cafe in Talent , Oregon.  I couldnt find this product wholesale anywhere. This is so convienient and free shipping and it was here in just a few days!!  My supplier could only get small amounts of inferior product and it would take 3 weeks. Thanks Amazon!
You can exchange this baking mix for regular flour in almost any recipe.  Also makes yummy pancakes and waffles!
My wife has Celiac Sprue which is a Allergy to Gluten in certain grains. She was diagnosed with this disease about 8 years ago. When she was first diagnosed, we could only purchase Gluten Free products from health food stores and it was very expensive. As awareness about this disease has spread more companies are offering Gluten free products. In our search we stumbled across Pamela's. My wife fell instantly in love with it. The pancakes made from this flour are indistinguishable from wheat flour. We made the jump and now the whole family is eating Pamela's. To purchase it at the store is rather expensive. Did a web search and found it reasonably priced at Amazon. We will continue to purchase Pamela's in bulk until it is no longer offered. Great Pancakes!
Growing up with wheat, I had an aversion to gluten free (GF) products but when my daughter exhibited sensitivities to gluten we thought we'd give this a try.  Both my wife and I were amazed at the waffles.  I typically made waffles from scratch but using this mix also saves a lot of time - just add eggs, water, & oil.  The subscribe and save 25-pound bag is the best value (with free shipping), we will store unused product sealed in the freezer.
I keep Pamela's baking mix in a 7 gallon container with a spin-on bucket seal lid in the pantry.<br /><br />When I want to make pancakes or waffles to start the day right I take a cup or two of mix, add a teaspoon of Vanilla extract, an egg and olive oil and I'm ready to go.  What I enjoy most about purchasing the 25 lb bag is that it is easy to store and keeps fresh for months, yet is accessible and consistent in performance.<br /><br />For a special treat I like to add hemp seed on the top of the waffles during cooking and fresh blueberries and strawberries before topping off with Agave Syrup.
This is our second time purchasing the 25lb bag of Pamela's pancake and baking mix.  Last time it came with a label with baking instructions, but this time it didn't.  Good thing I had cut off my label and put it in the bucket with the pancake mix.  But other than that, this mix couldn't be more perfect.<br />Since being diagnosed celiac and trying to balance gluten free/gluten eating in the same kitchen with 7 people, we opted to move everyone gluten free at home.  This mix is a godsend and seriously, it tastes remarkable!!  It is a real time saver and what we do instead of drive thru windows, these days.  I make a bunch and keep them in the freezer so they can be pulled out, toasted and made into a quick PB&J for the kids.  I am so grateful to be able to purchase this is bulk as it makes GF eating much easier for our above average family size and keeps my kitchen GF!!
We use this flour for pancakes, muffins, biscuits and more.  I have found that this mix works great in all my old regular bisquick recipes.  We find the flavor to be similar to wheat flour.  We have subbed this flour into several wheat flour cookie recipes, leaving out the leavening called for, and only one has turned out unsatisfactorily, but not inedible.  Definitely convenient and more affordable to our family of seven to be able to purchase in bulk.
We go through Pamela's like crazy.  Fantastic for pancakes (we like to add a little vanilla to batter).  It also makes great chocolate chip cookies and banana bread.  The 25 lb bag is definately the best way to go value wise.
My family and I are relatively new to gluten free and we have been in search of a baking mix to replace our weekend breakfasts.  We have tried several others and they all taste "gluten free", if you know what I mean.  Pamela's however, is so good and you can't tell its gluten free. Try it, you won't regret it!
This is exactly what I wanted. It is much cheaper to buy it this way and not through a store. Thank you so much!! I'm new to the gluten free diet and this is perfect!!
The product arrived undamaged just as it was described on the website. No delays and arrived quickly. The customer was satisfied with the quality and arrival of order.
When you have health issues taking Gluten out of your diet is a good way to start, it may be the source of your problem, it has been in my case, and using Pamela's Products has helped me get on the right track to feeling better.
What's not to like about Pamela's baking mix? I use it as a base for a number of baked goods. I have made biscotti - and a wonderful Lemon Ricotta cake with Pamela's  to name just a  couple of things.<br /><br />I got a little carried away with the last purchase - I bought the 25 pound bag -which means I won't have to order it again for a year!<br /><br />For those that area curious about the Pamela's Baking Mix - it's a wonderful tasty base mix. The waffles and pancakes it makes are delightful - I really cannot say another bad about the baking mix nor Amazon for bringing the larger bag option to us - the consumer.
I've tried tons of GF pancake mixes.  I could choke on most of them or just decide not to ever eat pancakes again.  These are so moist and delicious.  My 92 year old grandmother was just diagnosed with celiac disease.  She loves them too.  My wife and children who are not GF also love them.<br />m
It's hard to find quality gf products, and pamela's doesn't dissapoint. I always recommend this. I go through a lot of this blend with a family of five. Amazon helps keep it more affordable. The pancakes are great and the waffles are really good. I haven't tried it with much else yet, but my sister-in-law does chocolate scones  frequently  with great raves. I use the bread mix also all the time, and am very pleased with both.
I started eating these after reading Esselstyn's popular book on heart disease (heal through eating oatmeal).  There's no way I can choke down cooked oat meal; eating oatmeal cookies, on the other hand, is something I can swallow.  All of Erin Baker's cookies appear to be made with oatmeal, and the three that I've tried are palatable enough.  Nevertheless, the Fruit & Nut flavor was the one flavor of the three that I most looked forward to savoring each morning (I hope it wasn't because of lower oatmeal content than the other three).<br /><br />In short, you don't have to be the Cookie Monster to like these. Nor do you--despite the "Fruit & Nut" flavor--have to be a little "fruity" (to quote Norman Bates' audible thoughts in Hitchcock's "Psycho") or a "health nut" to find these tasty and nutritious--maybe even therapeutic (Dr. Esselstyn would seem to think so). And the advantage of the "mini" size is that you might feel better--less guilty, at least--about knocking off two instead of just one cookie at a time.
I like them as a midmorning snack with a cup of coffee.  They are also great for those mornings you really aren't in the mood for breakfast, but know you'll be hungry later.  They seem to keep you satisfied for an hour or two.  They do taste great - not too sweet and not overly cake-like.  Buy a bunch and keep them in the freezer until you need more.
If you want a quick pick me up in a small package, each one individually wrapped this is my choice! I have one in the car mid compartment, and in my briefcase they would be great and a pre aerobic workout snack. Great flavor, moist & not too sweet. Beware if you are allergic to nuts-these are out. I took them out of the box and divided into zip lock bags and froze. When I needed more I just pulled one bag from the freezer and it worked out great.
Breakfast cookies are a favorite with the young children (ages 6 and 9) of a friend.  These one-ounce cookies are the right size for young children.  The are individually wrapped, and can be used at home or as a take along snack item.  They can also be used as special treats on occasions like Halloween.
Erin Baker's products are a favorite for my family.  The breakfast cookie mini's are great for snacks & coffee breaks and especially good for traveling.<br />This is a denser product than a regular cookie, nice and chewy and filling with only 100 calories.
My kids (4yrs and 1 1/2yrs) love these cookies, much to my surprise!  The mini ones are just right for them and I'm happy to give them 'cookies' for breakfast!  There are 2 things I don't like:  1) The individual cookie packages are VERY hard to open...I always need scissors and 2) the cookies fall-apart easily...I wouldn't recommend passing these out in the car!<br />Overall a great product and I purchased these in bulk so we are sure to always have them on hand.
We LOVE Erin Baker's Breakfast Cookies.<br /><br />That said, the small mini's are the first time that we have had a problem (PROBLEM) with about 1/3 of them being moldy or having mold on them.<br /><br />Storage has not been an issue.  When we got them (within 1/2 an hour), they were placed into the freezer until use.  As we use the cookies we take them from the freezer to the microwave (for a quick warm-up).  However, still I am fearful each time I rip into a small package, that I will find mold either on the top or sides of the cookie.<br /><br />This is, obviously, not conducive to enjoyment while eating them.<br /><br />We have NEVER had this problem with any of the the big cookie variety.<br /><br />**UPDATE:**  02/15/12  - Today I opened my door to find a box sent to me from Erin Baker's... and it had 2 boxes of fresh double chocolate chunk minis (the exact amount that I had found to be moldy in my original order).  AMAZING company.  Check out the comments attached to my review to see how this all came about.  TOP MARKS to this company.  Not only fabulous breakfast cookies, but amazing customer service (which THEY volunteered - I did NOT ask for!!!)
These are not awful if eaten with a cup of tea, coffee or milk -- but they are very dry if eaten plain.  I do like how they have less sugar than most granola bars and are not a choking hazard for toddlers like hard snacks can sometimes be.  I am a fan of the oatmeal raisin mini cookies, and of the regular size EB cookies, but this flavor tastes very fruity to me and not very chocolaty.  I think the double choc cherry tastes better than these.  Happy to have them for last resort snack-on-the-go needs, but not my favorite.
I was expecting hard tasteless healthy cookies.  It is soft, a little chewy and yummy.  Very tasty.
These are excellent. They taste great and are just the right size.  Two can make an on the go breakfast that is tasty and good for you.  The larger size breakfast cookies are just too big. 2 of these are perfect.  My husband had gotten out of the habit of eating breakfast- too much trouble- but since I bought these he is good about grabbing one or two on the way out the door.
I love these cookies and I love Erin as a result. These cookies make me smile. The texture makes my eyes googly. The smell reminds me of beautiful spring days and how awesome it'd be to spend them with Erin, have her bring the fresh cookies out of the oven and us enjoying them together on our outdoor swing listening to the birds and enjoying the creek that passed through our backyard.<br /><br />The only thing is that this kind and the other kind (raisin) don't differ much in taste. They both taste the same--taste of Heaven.
I live in the area where these cookies are made, and I remember buying them from local coffee stands when they first started making them years ago -- each one was wrapped in saran wrap and had a handwritten label on them.  The packaging has changed, and there are many different flavors available now, but the original breakfast cookie still tastes just as good today as those first ones did.<br /><br />The smaller size is great for a snack, as the large ones are enough for two people!  Full of good stuff, not too sweet...it's a treat that you can feel good about.
ERIN BAKER'S ORGANIC BREAKFAST COOKIES ARE DELICIOUS AND MOIST. I AM TRULEY ENJOYING THEM.  EACH COOKIE IS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED. THERE GREAT FOR THROWING IN YOUR LUNCH, WORK, SCHOOL OR DRIVING ON A TRIP. ALTHOUGH, SHE MAKES DIFFERENT KINDS I FIND THE FRUIT & NUT IS A FAVORITE. SO IF YOU LIKE A OATMEAL COOKIE THAT'S WHOLESOME, DELIICOUS, & MOIST THEN THIS IS THE ONE. IT'S A WINNER!!!
Of the Erin Baker products, the Fruit & Nut Mini Breakfast Cookie is my favorite!  I have one mini breakfast cookie (about 100 calories) with a cup of coffee in the morning and I feel satisfied and ready to start the day.  Very healthy, low in caloreis, and super delicious is what makes the product work for me.  Try it, you'll like it.
If you are looking for a rich chocolate cookie look somewhere else.  But if you are looking for a fairly good tasting 100 calorie breakfast or snack these are pretty good.
My kids love these, and we've ordered them often - but as was the case with at least one other reviewer, this batch came in with some mold. (I freeze them as soon as they arrive, so had the have been moldy upon arrival.)<br /><br />too bad - but at this price, won't run the risk of having to toss out product.
I've been having these cookies for about 4 years, and l love it, but  I can not find them, in the store where I used to buy, I live in San Diego, so I would like to buy them here, thaks.
I started out thinking they were OK, a little more substance than the breakfast bar from Whole Foods.  But after I ordered a 12-pack (I didn't realize it was 12 boxes of 8), and had eaten them for a couple of weeks as I was flying out the door, I realized they were not really very tasty and kind of dry.
If you want to treat your tastebuds to the ultimate delight, try dulce de leche and this brand is the best! As a native of Argentina, I grew up with this stuff and no imitation comes close. Serve it inside crepes slightly warm folded and with powder sugar, with flan or ice cream and remember a little goes a long way. Very sweet!
A friend brought me this from Argentina and my kids and I ate it with a spoon and then apples so that I would feel less guilty. When we finished, I immediately panicked because I wasn't sure if I could get it here in the U.S. Low and behold I found it on Amazon. It is different packaging but same company so I assume it is just catering to Americans. Delicious!
I think this is the best Dulce de Leche I ever tried.  I discovered at the Llao Llao hotel in Bariloche (Argentina) on a recent trip.  They serve it at breakfast there.
Just an outstanding product<br /><br />An authentic dulce de leche ranked number-one in Argentina for its exceptional richness and depth of flavor.<br /><br />Made at a small dairy outside of Buenos Aires.<br /><br />(note that the web page or supplier indicates "Made in Spain" but this product is clearly made in Argentina)
I was born in Argentina and this is a top of the line dulce de leche, to eat with toasts or as add-on to cakes (comparable to Chimbote).<br /><br />Note: I noticed that dulce de leche is an acquired taste. So unless you grew up eating it, you may consider dulce de leche to be a little too sweet.
My father grew up in Argentina and since he came to the States has been searching for the perfect dulce de leche that reminded him of his childhood. He doesn't have to search anymore, I bought him a couple of jars this past Christmas and he has been a happy camper ever since.
We used to have a pipeline to get homemade dulce de leche from a bonafide Argentine, but alas, said pipeline moved away.  This is the next best thing and doesn't involve me hanging out in the kitchen for hours while my milk caramelizes.
I am so glad I ordered this; it is the best dulce de leche I have been able to find. I had read about this somewhere and am now convinced that many people are not familiar with this product. If you like anything caramel, you'll love this!
Very high quality dulce de leche from Argentina. Compared to most brands, it's a bit lighter colored, and the taste is more subdued and milkier. You may or may not appreciate this, as it's not the classic taste that you expect from commercial dulce de leche, but it's by far the closest to the homemade dulce that my grandma used to make. For this, I'd give it 6 stars if I could!
I bought this for my girlfriend as she had been having tummy issues and she absolutely loves it.  Now it seems assumed I will keep her in stock.  That alludes to a completely different product review.  The point is, buying it in bulk grants the obvious versatility of making tea bags when on the go or strainers when home.  It seems very economical without sacrificing quality in the least.  My only wish is that they would institute the subscribe and save feature here for those who are hooked and are loyal customers.  My GF usually gets what she wants.
This is a good quality product, which definitely helps tame my tummy.  I have it each evening and it makes a huge difference in how I feel.  Definitely recommended, along with Heather's Acacia Fiber, which is life-changing.
I wasn't much of a tea drinker until I bought a 'Breville' automatic tea maker and a bag of Tummy Tea Fennel for my wife. She started brewing the first pot of this new tea and did it ever smell great- a little like licorice. We both shared that pot and have been hooked ever since. This is one of those teas that makes you just feel warm and fuzzy all over. It is a feeling you do not forget.  If I was stranded on a desert island and could only have one tea this would be it.<br /><br />  For those who enjoy drinking tea I would encourage you to look into the 'Breville' tea maker. Produced by a German firm it is without a doubt an indispensible tool for brewing tea. The price for this mechanical marvel is a little high but believe me it is worth every penny.
I love tea, hot or cold, and am always looking to try new ones. This tea brews up a wonderful cup - just opening the bag to scoop some out is a joy. The smell alone is captivating. I tried a cup to relieve a stomach ache and it relieved my discomfort immediately. It really does taste just like good quality licorice and it's naturally sweet. When my urge for sweets hits, I can now reach for this tea instead and it really does satisfy my cravings. This tea will be a staple in my pantry.
I think this is a really good deal. I seal it up in a rubbermaid container and just scoop it out to brew. Good stuff!
Live with digestive problems, and you eat a lot of mint: mint lozenges, mint tea, and those 'curiously strong' mints.  You can get tired of the taste of mint.  Especially in the morning.  I gave up coffee months ago, (and I still whimper some mornings), so I'm looking for some kind of substitute.  Forget decaf anything.  Forget chocolate.  Forget tea.  Some people swear by hot water with lemon. I don't. Too acid.  This fennel tea sells elsewhere as 'tummy tamer tea.' It does.  It's better than chamomile tea, which doesn't do much for me in terms of flavor or calming anything.<br /><br />I've used this fennel tea in desperation those mornings when nothing else will settle in.  When even mint leaves or herbal teabags of mint leaves are too much, this goes down nicely.  But if you're not a fan of vegetable soup or celery, this might take a little getting used to. Me, I like it. The smell reminds me of hops.
The fennel smells fresh, tastes good, and makes a great addition to one of my tea blends. It is packaged exactly as shown in the picture. Came in a timely manner. Thanks!
I love gummy bears. Love. I also love to eat healthy, and for me that means avoiding corn syrup whenever possible. I was sent these gummy bears by accident when I ordered the sour gummy bears (also by Surf Sweets) and I am glad I was, as these are absolutely delicious. They have the same texture as regular gummy bears, though if you let them warm up a little bit or get an off batch they may be a little bit chewier.  Some find them a little bit sweeter than regular gummy bears, but I think that is due to the lack of corn syrup. I don't really notice any difference. Note that these do still contain gelatin, so vegans should NOT eat this (I think that their jelly beans and the gummy worms are safe for vegans). The natural fruit juice flavors are delicious, and the fact that you get your vitamin C as well is just an added bonus. I would definitely recommend these, though I suggest you get these small bags over the large ones as otherwise you might find yourself eating the whole thing in one go!<br /><br />One last caveat - if you are on a budget I suggest you go with the Surf Sweets Sour Gummy Bears (also available on Amazon) as they are ten dollars cheaper. I'm still unsure of the reason for the price difference, but if you're on a budget the other ones are great too!
These are guaranteed to be a hit with my kids -<br />Like regular gummy bears, but even better - with extra flavor.<br />Perfect consistency....Not too chewy... great all the way around.
My four kids LOVE these, it's great that there's zero nasty stuff in it like grocery store 'fruit' (ie total chemical junk) snacks. A 'safe' kid snack!
These are always delicious & a much healthier alternative to most candies/ kid's sugary snacks. The size is perfect for goodie bags & even fits in large Easter eggs.
I found these little awesomely delicious fruit snacks at a gluten free show in Wisconsin.The guy that was there offered me a package and I fell in love!They are organic, which makes them all the more cool, and they are very, Very tasty!I looked on the ingredients and was surprised to find no high fructose corn syrup!They're a little chewy at first, but I can not find anything else wrong with them. They are a wonderful fruit snack that I don't feel guilty about eating afterwards!
My 18 month old grandson only eats organic foods, and I was looking for a treat to give him when he visits. He loves these candies, and I don't feel too guilty because they are in a tiny packet with only a few in each one. They stay at Grandma's and Grandpa's house! (Of course we brush his teeth afterwards.)
You cant go wrong with Rosa Monte Especial! this is one of the best yerbas in Argentina. Go for it. Seller did everything ok, in time and etc.!
I switched to mate from coffee a few years ago. I know it's generally an afternoon drink, but I drink it in the morning like coffee. There were a couple of websites where I bought it regularly. Unfortunately, Dr. Oz saw fit to publicly endorse it as a health tea, and the price went up everywhere, including my regular sellers. So I went looking, and found this on amazon.<br /><br />This is my favorite brand. The Selecci&oacute;n Especial is aged two years in special wooden boxes with vents to let smoke in. This is "elaborada con palo", meaning that it has stem bits in it, which makes the flavor last longer for more refills. Some will prefer "sin palo"(without stems), because the stems also add a little bitterness to the mate.<br /><br />I understand that in Argentina, where mate is a common as coffee is here, Rosamonte is generally regarded as one of the best commercially available mate brands.<br /><br />Of this seller in particular, I can say that they were prompt, and that the box came with a couple free samples of flavored mate. A lot of people will prefer the flavored kinds, especially either "citron" which is lemon, or "hierbes de monta&ntilde;a", which means moutain herbs and tastes like mint.<br /><br />I, however, prefer this for day-to-day consumption. I run plain water through the coffee-maker, fill a large coffee cup about 1/3 full with mate, and just keep topping it up with hot water for a couple hours as I sip it through the bombilla.<br /><br />The main thing that pleased me about this merchant is that the product was considerably less dusty than what I had been getting from my previous suppliers. The difference is probably about handling and storage. The bags are like a bag of sugar, and a lot of rough handling could crush the leaves inside, creating dust. In the mate, dust gets through the holes in the bombilla and coats your tongue, tastes a little bitter, and generally degrades the experience.<br /><br />When it first arrived, I opened a bag and poured it into a big tupperware container that I use to store it. And I immediately noticed that there was very little dust compared to what I had been getting when I ordered this from my old seller.<br /><br />I'm very happy with what I received.
Packages came in soft container that had been crushed and one was split open.  I was worried about how fresh it would be but its aged so no worries.  The Mate is flavorful and strong.  I don't have much to compare it too but at $30.00 for 3 kilos (6.6 lbs) it seems to be a fantastic deal with a a good product.<br /><br />Not Organic, kind of a bummer, but pretty much expected.  I would get this again but I will probably try another more expensive, organic version and see if I can taste any difference.
Rosamonte Especial can never let you down. Tastes fresh and strong. I smell Argentina in every sip. Yerba mate is going through an increase in prices, almost double..crazy. But it's worth the value. I will never change Rosamonte ESPECIAL!
If you're setting out a whole can at once or transferring some of it to a container for later use, flip the can over and use a can opener to remove the bottom of the can. You can then pop the top of the can, releasing the vacuum holding the food in place and the whole thing will slide out cleanly. Much easier and tidier than scraping out the can with a spoon!
I've been feeding Wellness grain free for a couple years now with great results for my 3 cats. I believe the cost of a top quality food is well worth it in healthy, happy cats and reduced vet bills, but still the cost of Wellness has been prohibitive. I was excited to see Felidae had a grain free formula in the larger sized cans, and for a much lower price, so I am trying it. Just switched them over this week, so far so good. The bowls have been licked clean, and while I questioned the whole peas when I saw them, they weren't left in the bowl. The ingredients and quality of the Felidae seems comparable to the Wellness, so unless I find information indicating otherwise (and I've been looking), I think we'll stick with Felidae.
I've been on the hunt for high quality, yet affordable cat food for my little ones the past few months. I decided to order a case of Felidae (along with a case of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VK8B8W">Pet Guard Fish, Chicken & Liver Food for Cats</a>). Well, they love the Petguard but absolutely hate the Felidae, all three of them sniffed/licked it and looked at me like "you're kidding..right?" Even mixing in some of their old food and gradually trying to change them over wouldn't work, they'd sniff it and walk off.<br /><br />They LOVE the Petguard though and will inhale it the second I put it on their plates, so at least I discovered one good food they'll eat. I guess I'll donate the 8 cans of Felidae I have left to the local shelter. Despite the fact my cats wouldn't eat it I still gave it 3 stars because it IS a great quality food...if your cats will eat it.
I have 5 house cats.  One was recently diagnosed with diabetes.  We got his diabetes under control with insulin but I began researching diet information to help us.  All of my research led us to try Felidae grain free.  I spent two weeks carefully switching Louis (and the four girls) from dry Iams to Felidae.  I was immediately able to decrease his insulin and by the time I had him totally on Felidae we were able to discontinue insulin totally.  All with our veterinarian's supervision, a consistent feeding schedule and measured amounts. (It has not been effortless but it has been worthwhile.) Louis has been insulin free for two weeks now.  All five cats (ages 5 to 19) love the food.  Their stools are good, their coats look wonderful & they haven't vomited for weeks. YAY!
This cat food has great, healthy ingredients.  Cats shouldn't eat grain because it is not a part of their traditional diet.  (Think: Mice, Rodents, Moles, Grasses, Rabbits, Bird, etc)  I switched my cat from Iam's canned food to this one, thinking that I would have to mix them together at first to get her to eat it.  However, she ate it immediately! I was so happy!  As another reviewer said, there are whole peas in this stuff.  It looks a little gross, but my cat eats it. However, I must admit that she will eat just about anything.  Her favorite treats are sproated oat grass, spinach and broccoli stalks.  She's a good eater!<br /><br />Before I switched to Felidae Grain free, my cat was vomiting frequently.  I think it was due to food allergies (either to grain or food coloring maybe)  Since switching she has only thrown up one time! You can only imagine how happy I am to not have to clean up vomit every other day!<br /><br />Also, since switching my cat's fur is much more smooth and soft!
No more dry kibble for our felines!!!  After a few medical emergencies and educating myself WHY cats are not designed by Mother Nature to eat dry kibble (ANY brand), I changed our clan of felines to HEALTHY wet food.<br />Every cat with a blocked urinary tract is fine, until they start to strain to urinate and have to be rushed to the ER.<br />With all the issues of recalls and such concerning the pet food industry, we rotate 3 different brands of food. Felidae is one.  It has NO grains, soy, corn, or icky fillers. Felidae is a pate loaf-like consistency.<br />Since changing to a wet food only diet, none of our cats have been back to ER in years.  None throw up.  No runny eyes.  Coats are shiny. No matted hair.  All are at a perfect weight.  The changes are amazing.<br />Having 5 cats, I am VERY thankful for the 13 oz size cans of Felidae.<br />I had a question recently and sent Felidae an email.  They answered very promptly and were very kind.  Their customer service deserves 5 stars also.
I'd been feeding them Wellness until the recent recall. After checking some reviews, I looked around for something comparably healthy in the large size cans and decided to give this a shot. They're always enthusiastic at mealtimes, but they've been literally climbing over each other at mealtimes for this. One caveat: Unlike the Wellness it has a pull tab, which is good news/ bad news. No need to mess with a can opener, but it's absolutely impossible to get it out without a spoon or a huge mess.
This slop has the color and consistency of baby diarrhea with whole peas in it. Our cat ate less than half a bowl of this slop and immediately puked all over the carpet!<br /><br />She devours the Felidae Platinum, (which we feed as an occasional alternative to Newman's Own Turkey). She was raised on Felidae dry, so I can say that generally the Canidae Company provides quality products... except for this grain-free slop. You can find the good stuff at: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000WFL09S">Felidae Canned Cat Food for Senior and Overweight Cats, Platinum Diet Formula (Pack of 12 13 Ounce Cans)</a><br /><br />Absolutely do not order this slop from Amazon because they will charge you $10.70 for the privilege of returning the 11 cans your cat will not eat. Before you make the same stupid mistake I did, buy a can from your local pet food store and try it out first. Then, when your cat pukes this slop back up, you will only be out $1.59 instead of the $27.94 Amazon nailed me.<br /><br />In my opinion, your cat and you will be much better off with Newman's Own Organic cat food, especially the turkey and chicken. The Newman food literally brought our cat back from the brink of death! After we listened to our former vet and fed her Science Diet K/D, she dropped down to less than 4 pounds in a month. We switched her back to Newman's Own Turkey and within one 24-case of small cans she was back up to her usual weight of 6.2lbs, and has maintained that healthy weight for over 6 months. She also gained increased mobility after we stopped feeding her the K/D. I read somewhere that Science Diet buys veterinary students their books in exchange for their later recommendations of their products. Nice.<br /><br />Just say NO to Science Diet and Felidae Grain Free Formula. Here's the good stuff: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VK8HJ0">Newman's Own Organics Turkey & Vegetable Formula for Cats, 5.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a><br /><br />(Did they really want me to post a video with this review? Would you? Then its unanimous, this review will remain video-free!)
Great price and my cat loves this food.  He has been on it for 9 years.  My vet says he is the healthest cat he sees.
I've been feeding Wellness grain-free for a while now and all three of them love it. I ordered the Felidae last time because the Wellness was no longer eligible for free shipping and the Felidae was - which makes the difference between whether it is a better deal to order it or buy it at Petco brick and mortar....None of my cats will eat it. They actually at NOTHING for the past 2 days since the only thing offered them was the Felidae. I broke down today and gave them a back-up can of 9-Lives grain free and they are happily curled up and purring now. I think Felidae is a high quality food and I only feed the lower quality grain-free food on rare occasion, but the rest of this case will be donated to my local shelter. Hopefully, something there will like it. I'm off for the trip to Petco for the Wellness.
My cats aren't usually picky and I've had them on Natural Balance Venison grain free canned and dry food but one still has digestive problems (probably from ten years of eating "junk" kitty food) so I keep trying to find a food that will help to heal him. I tried Felidae and he and one other cat eats it, but the other two don't. I do believe one is extremely picky because he won't eat Halo brand either but loves the Natural Balance and Taste of the Wild grain free options. I hate having to buy so many different brands to please my four cats! Also - this says 95% protein derived from fish - so maybe they are having a distaste for the fish? It's too bad because they do love tuna but it causes the sick one to vomit every time. Oh well, it's a another miss in our family.
My youngest cat goes insane over this stuff!  (Which is good -- she's the reason we had to seek out a new food that was for both adults and kittens.)  My older cat took a few weeks to adapt to the creamier texture, compared to her "favorite" canned food, although she loved the taste right away.  Once she got used to it, we started going through this case like it was going out of style and I had to buy more!  I have noticed much less smelly litter boxes since we got into this case, compared to many of the foods we use ... that was a big bonus for me, and enough to convince me to put this into our regular rotation of canned foods.
I have the coolest different cats ever-with some exotic in them-and this stuff is amazing and really they seem to love it! It does not make the poo smell bad and the digestive system of some of mine-do not tolerate much grain or gluten so that is VERY much a PLUS!  The price on amazon is better for a large-can (amount / per ounce) than i can find at local pet shops or stores.  So when you can get the free shipping it is REALLY awesome to have pet foods at your door-service too! I hope Amazon will just continue to make pet food / supplies to your home affordable and at a top price!  Sometimes though when i go to try to re order cannot find (the same deals)available.  So I just lurk and watch and wait sometimes til it is Offered again to make it affordable. Not sure why -that happens but i know i have to (watch it) to make sure i don't end up with a high shipping fee in my cart-prior to purchase.
Cats do occasionally need a little green in their diet.  Not a whole lot, but their typical "prey" in the wile would probably have vegetation in their stomachs when killed and eaten.  That being said, my kitties are weird and love to eat vegetables.  I have a toddler that likes to throw his food around so inevitably some ends up on the floor, and they are there to pounce when it falls!  The ingredients in this food are wholesome, my kitties eat this food whole peas and all, and it makes their coats wonderfully soft and silky.  This is not the only wet food I feed them, but it is one I do plan on keeping in their wet food rotation.  I give it my solid recommendation.
We recently adopted a new kitten. We rotate Felidae grain-free canned formula with Wellness Turkey canned food. He loves both and eats well, he's never left a single whole pea behind. This is a very high-quality cat food, using excellent all-meat proteins. He is healthy, active,affectionate, and has a smooth glossy coat. Definitely worth the cost in the long run.<br /><br />I believe it is worthwhile to rotate different (high-quality) canned foods for variety and to not create a cat who will ONLY eat one brand. I think this is useful also in the event of a recall. I'm looking for a 3rd high-quality brand to add to the rotation.
I adopted my adorable Edmund last year from a shelter. They sent me home with a small bag of Felidae (NOT grain free version) cat and kitten dry formula as he was a kitten at the time.<br />I am very concerned about eating healthy WHOLE foods, so I of course want the best for my kitty as well. I did research and found that cats' digestive systems are not designed to eat any grains/fruits/vegetables directly, and basically the only carbs they are to eat are what is already in their prey's stomachs (ie: if a mouse ate something carby and the cat ate the mouse they would get a little of whatever was in it). So I wanted to make sure the ratio of his food was as close to what's found in nature as possible, without breaking the bank.<br />He already seemed to really like the Felidae Grain-included version, so as soon as my starter bag ran out I immediately switched to the grain free variety and he has ONLY eaten this ever since I got him - he LOVES it!<br />I give him one small scoop of grain free kibble in the morning and then a partial can of this large 13oz Felidae grain free food (we've tried both the turkey/chicken and the salmon grain free canned ones and Edmund prefers the turkey/chicken but will eat anything I give him :-)). I bought some can lids at Petsmart, and they seal air tight on these cans - so fridge storage is clean and easy.<br /><br />He has the absolute SOFTEST, SHINIEST FUR COAT I have ever seen on a cat and he is very healthy and happy - we haven't had a single vet visit since I adopted him (even though he had chronic upper respiratory issues when I got him, they all cleared up). I have to blame at least SOME of all this on the fact he only eats grain free Felidae food (the rest is because I love him so ridiculously much!).<br /><br />I LOVE the FREE SHIPPING on Amazon (I buy a case of canned and a bag of dry (or two of one) at the same time)! I used to buy this elsewhere, and since it's so heavy shipping would often be almost as much as the product!
The consistency of the grain free chicken, turkey, lamb and fish formula was like<br />baby poop.  There was so much water in this cat food that two cats went through a<br />full case in a short time.  I can put the water in the cat food.  It is misleading<br />and a poor value for the manufacturer to water down a product, call it a 13 oz can<br />and provide nothing like I have come to know and expect from other brands the same<br />size.
I was really hoping this grain free canned cat food will work for my 3 cats; looks like it has good ingredients but none of my 3 cats will eat it. In fact one of them will smell it and start doing the scratching thing like he smells poop. Another weird thing is the whole can is kind of soft and meshed like baby food but there are some whole green peas in it, not sure if that is by design or some green peas escape the meshing.
First off, my cats loved the food. One of them has had issues in the past and I need to be careful with what I feed him, and this seems to work well. However, about half the cans were your normal, semisolid cat-food consistency, and the other half were incredibly runny and nasty looking. They ate both kinds with equal gusto so I don't think anything was wrong with it, per se, but I still found it a little concerning. I'm ordering another batch, and we'll see how that turns out.
I gave it 3 stars because of the quality ingredients. But if neither of my cats will eat it, what's the use? We tried weaning them to this food from the junk we've been feeding them by mixing and slowly increasing the amount of Felidae, or by getting them real hungry first, all to no avail. The only way they'll eat it is if we cover it with drippings from fish we cook for ourselves, or from cans of sardines.<br /><br />More than anything, I think the mushy pate type texture bothers them more that the taste, because it smells pretty good to me.
Wonderful ingredients list but the peas are whole. If I don't mush them several of my cats just eat around them.<br />The cats & I all prefer the regular Felidae formula and it's a little cheaper, too.
This Yuban DARK ROAST is outstanding.  It is smooth with a chocolaty taste.  I find it as good as any far more expensive coffees.  I would also recommend purchasing the 11-ounce cannisters because the coffee is freshest when you can pop open a new can and use it up without refrigerating or freezing it.<br /><br />I do not like many dark roasted coffees because I don't like the burnt taste.  Yuban DARK ROAST has NO burnt or bitter taste.  Definitely shun the regular roast for this one.<br /><br />Also, keep in mind that this review is written by someone who thinks Starbucks is far, far overrated (bitter, burnt).
If you like strong coffee, this is it!  The flavor is exceptional, I have not found better in a can.  This can be expensive and difficult to find at your local store.  I have had great luck with Amazon, good price for the subscription order (you can get a case a couple times a year and still get the reduced rate).  Amazon also has a wonderful return policy!<br />Try Yuban if you love strong coffee and have not found the coffee for you, this may be it!  We have been drinking it for 10+ years now & have had the Original, Organic and Dark Roast---I dont have a preference, they are all excellent.
My husband and I are always searching for better coffee...and seemingly there seems to be something wrong with them all! LOL I have finally decided that Yuban is without fail MY favorite coffee...it has no aftertaste, is not bitter in any way and it remains constant can after can. On that note, my husband can go grabbing different can after and grinding himself silly if he wishes;  complaining about each one...I'm settled on Yuban forevaaaaaaa. : )
Excellent.  We have enjoyed Yuban coffee for many years.  We recently tried the Dark Roast Coffee and would recommend it if you want a rich tasting coffee.  Smooth; with no bitterness.  Beats the high price of many "Gourmet Coffees" without sacrificing that delicious flavor that coffee lovers look for.
Yuban makes the best cup of coffee. Either roast is never bitter, and makes a great cup of coffee. We like our coffee extra-strong, and we have been using Yuban for years. The coffee is very consistent and distinctive.<br /><br />This is the best canned ground coffee out there, period. We have found none to match the true dark, smooth cup of coffee. There is no bitterness or burnt taste, just silky, rich coffee. Add a dab of half-n-half, and you have bliss in a cup.<br /><br />Don't spend your money on the expensive "designer" coffees. This is the best!<br /><br />If you are persnickety about coffee, buy Yuban!
Living in Baton Rouge my wife and I drank the popular regional coffee - Community Coffee, we now guess out of loyalty. When we became full time RV'ers in February 2007, we packed 5 lbs of that coffee but ran out in Missouri, so we tried other dark roast, including Maxwell House Gourmet Dark Roast and then the Yuban Dark Roast. OMG - what a difference!<br /><br />We'll never buy anything except Yuban Dark Road - smooth and silky without that burnt or bitter taste.<br /><br />Difficult to find in South Louisiana, but easier nationwide. Then there's always Amazon with delivery within 5-days!<br /><br />Ya gotta try it!
Yikes!  What was I thinking when I ordered 12 cans of this  stuff?  The food pantry may be getting some.<br /><br />It tastes like.....well, I can't use the words I'd like to.<br />Let's just say that it has no character at all...no distinct taste....if yu blinded yourself and then drank the coffee, I don't know if you'd even know it was coffee!<br /><br />I use just more than the amount suggessted;..;...doesn't help.
I can only say that this is great coffee, never tried before until recently.. Now I like it better than Folgers!
I was drinking Yuban Organic medium roast coffee until I could not find it anymore at my local grocery store so I tried this instead.  What a let down after drinking the organic coffee.  This just tastes like average grocery store coffee comparable to Folgers but the organic stuff, now that's a different story. That stuff is good. Tastes damn near as good as the fresh stuff you can buy at Dunn Bros or Caribou coffee houses.  Don't believe me try both this and the organic version side by side.  You won't go back to this again I promise you that if you have any coffee sense at all.
Until recently I thought that coffee was coffee but apparently it's not that simple. Drinking coffee can either be an good habit for the environment or a very bad one.<br /><br />The good news is, Going Green is easy! Look for the certification by environmental watch-dogs like the Rainforest Alliance and keep up the demand for Arabica (uh-RA-bih-kuh) or Rainforest Blend coffee; just ask for them at your local grocery store or favorite coffee house.<br /><br />GoGreenMart&More voted Yuban as a Product of the Week because the great taste helps wake you in the morning and protects the environment as well.
I Wish They Hadn't Changed the Formula for the Yuban that was sold up until about 2 years ago. I even contacted General Foods and asked why they had reformulated their coffee and they told me they were going back to their "original" formula from many years ago. Why? They had a great product and now it is no better that any other dark roast coffee on the market. Yuban was a special treat. Now it is just ordinary. I still like it for everyday coffee, but it sure isn't what it used to be. Formerly, I even preferred it to Starbucks, but no more.
We had not been able to find the Dark Roast Yuban in any of the stores recently. When I ordered this they gave me a date of receipt. It actually came two days earlier. My husband was so excited when he saw what I had ordered. Thanks for the quick service on a great product.
Warning: it contains food preservatives. Other than that it is fine, but presence of preservatives in dates (!) justifies my low 2 star rating.
I own a small night club and this is, hand's down, the most popular snack item we have. At first we were just giving it away until we started going through way too much of it to justify that anymore. In addition it is not available anywhere in town and, before we found it here, we had to go to a Sam's club 50+ miles away to stock up on it. apparently it is about as close to being the perfect blend for a wide variety of tastes as one could expect to find. The company also makes a "Club" mix, as opposed to the "Pub" mix. I made the mistake of buying a huge supply of that and met will strong and continued ire from our clientele. They look about the same but apparently the Club mix lacks some vital ingredient.
I received a whole package of this delicious, tasty, perfectly seasoned mix that contains just the correct variety of snacks (pretzels, crackers, nuts, etc) .  Of course, here in Iraq we look forward to receiving care packages and the awesome snacks they contain.  However, this snack was the "Cat's Meow".  It is honestly the best snack mix I have ever tasted and my fellow Marines agree on this also.  Once it was eaten by all, everyone was inquiring where I had received it and I could only say a caring patriot who included it in one of their care box of goodies.<br /><br />  I loved it so much that I ended up on this page because I decided to go online and search for it, and see if I can get multiple packages of this shipped to my unit here in Iraq.  I don't mind paying a few extra bucks for it, to have for me and my fellow Marines to enjoy.  It's just that good that it's worth it!!!<br /><br />  This is a great product and all should try it.  After you do, you won't think that Chex Mix can light even a dim candle next to the UTZ PUB MIX.  Believe me, try it, and you'll want to keep this stocked in your cabinet for everyone in your family and their friends to enjoy.
I found these tubs at Costco and was dismayed to discover that they are no longer carrying them. I buy the 4-pack here at amazon and I am very satisfied. The snacks are tasty; not too salty and offers a variety of chips in the mix that all blend nicely.
This is definitely the best snack mix I have ever had!  It got me and my buddies through many movie nights while deployed in Iraq.
I agree with all who have said that this is a great snack, but I just wanted to say that I piad $36.95 for a 4 pack of 30 oz containers from the actual UTZ site.
This pub mix is really a cut above your average snack to be sure.  I tend to pick up a tub of it at the local Walmart here anytime I venture there.  The flavor of it is really hard to pin down.  It's sorta a salty, garlic/onion/whatever type of blend that truly works deliciously.  I'm a self confessed snack-a-holic that has tried just about everything around, and personally I have not tasted anything that is quite like this blend.  It's really good with your favorite beer, or just by itself and I highly recommend it.  The only down side to this stuff is the price.  Which is not something usually cared about or taken into account with UTZ products, which tend to be very reasonably priced for the most part.  Unfortunately like a lot of things that are really good, this mix is not easily found locally.  I see it only at the local Walmart here in the small 20 oz size that carries a hefty price.  I buy it anyway on occasion for its so good, but make no mistake about it, its not cheap as snack chips go.  And unfortunately I do not recommend buying this mix on Amazon in any size.  It's way too expensive here for any deal currently being offered.  If you wanna try it or like it already, I suggest you search it out locally at your big department stores, (it's never found in supermarkets 'round these parts), spring for the price, and grab an ice cold beer and enjoy...
I tasted this snack at my local pub and found it tasty... much better than chips or other mixes. I was told it was sold in Sam's club and Wegman's for $18 per 30 0z container. Bought it from Utz in a 4 pack for $41.00.<br />Each piece has a different taste and texture...Could not ask for a more delicious snack or a better price. Thank you Utz!
Hands down, the best snack you will ever voraciously consume at a potentially unhealthy pace.<br /><br />It does contain MSG, so do be warned, but if that does not dissuade you (as it would never me), give this a shot. This has been a godsend during road trips, movie knights, parties, and general get-togethers of all kinds.
Enjoyed the product and they also provided very fast shipping.  I'm about out and need to order more.
This mix is great anytime.  I love it.  Would recommend it to anyone that likes Chex mix.
I absolutely love this mix.  We keep it on our home bar and everyone loves it.
I found this mix at the Ft Myer Commissary.  I looked for this product last time I visited the commissary and could not find it.  So here I am online looking and found it here.  I could eat this all day.  I've tried several different snack mixes, but most have too many pretzels.  This has a very nice balance of flavors and textures -- and not a lot of pretzels.  I'm stocking up!!
This is an addicting, fantastic snack mix. It has a wonderful variety of crackers and blend of flavors.
The taste is great but it gave me a terrible migraine from the MSG.  Those who are sensitive beware.  Also, MSG addition is usually a way to fake true flavor.
; the problem with this mix -- and to mind, the only problem! -- is the inclusion of one or two slightly sugary little... things. This provides an experience of, well, repugnance, at least for me; I've never been one to mix the sodium and the glucose, and this surely ain't converting me. ESPECIALLY when they're in the same bite/handful. Ugh.<br /><br />Otherwise, this mix is really yummy. It all tastes rather waxy, and I'm sure is not the healthiest food in the world (though you could do worse), but its a well combined mixture.<br /><br />But then again, I've got to sort of work my way through at a crawling pace, because I must grab a handful, and then separate the rejects. Maybe I'm just neurotic, or maybe they made A FATAL MISTAKE AND SHOULD BE PUNISHED.<br /><br />Oh yeah, like the last reviewer, I too got 'em at Costco.
Cat grass seeds will sprout very easily---you can sprinkle them on top of any kind of moisture retaining soil or peat moss.  My cats eat the sprouts very quickly.  I suggest that you purchase multiple seed packs.  I did so to insure that I would have more sprouts ready when the first wave was gobbled.  The only drawback is shipping cost--which is more than the seed packets themselves.  That's another reason to order in multiples.  The shipping cost for several packages is the same as for a single packet.
This is good stuff.  However, I planted it, and no cats grew up.  Just grass.
Cat Grass is not only a treat that cats love to eat, it is also good for them and will help deter them away from eating houseplants!  My cat often nibbles on houseplants then throws up and I'm always afraid that it will do damage to her digestive system.  When there is cat grass around, though, she only eats that - she really chows it down, and it makes her happy, too!  Cat grass is also good for cats - it contains vitamins that may or may not be present in cat food, and it aids their digestive system and helps to eliminate fur balls.<br /><br />Even if you do not have a green thumb, cat grass is so easy to grow, that anyone can do it and it's also a great "project" for kids, too.  The seeds sprout very quickly (if you keep them moist) and will grow quickly to 4-6inches in a window sill.<br /><br />If you have cats, cat grass is a must!
The packet of these seeds that I received must have been old because I don't believe even 10% of them grew. I tried some several times in soil and water and only got a few sprigs of grass. I garden regularly (I live in Florida) so it's not that I don't know how, and I even followed the instructions to the letter, but they did not grow.
I've had luck with this seed and all the other packets I've purchased from Botanical Interests (the company that makes it).<br />Right now, the packet's over a year old and I recently planted another pot and had a high germination rate in about two days and it was about three inches tall in four days.<br />The cats love it. They ate so much I planted yet another pot.<br />Having the grass around deters our cats from gnawing on strange things, like plastic, especially when they are having digestive problems.
Great product.  The indoor kitties love to have grass to nibble on.  This grass grows and is ready to nibbling in 10 days or less.<br />My How-To:<br />Get a small, shallow plastic container with a lid.<br />Punch several holes in the bottom of the container with a nail.<br />Fill the container with organic soil, sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of seeds on top, pack the seeds into the soil by pressing them in firmly. W<br />ater until some of kit leaks out the holes in the bottom.<br />Place on a dish; put on the lid; keep out of the way for the seeds to germinate-- checking to water every 3 days.<br />Once the grass has grown about 2 inches, remove the lid and place in the sun.<br />Put grass in a new heavier bowl so the cats can't pull the entire patty of grass out or walk off with the container with they nibble it.
YUM, I am SO HAPPY my mom bought this delicious and nutritious cat grass for me!  It helps me digest my food, and is just fun to poke around in when I'm bored.  And I notice that mom eats it too (when she thinks I'm not looking!) because it is so tasty!
I use this to grow my cat grass every month or so.  Now that it's spring I can find the terra cotta pots at the stores again.  I just keep two and alternate so he always has grass growing.  He loves it, so I bought several packs at once, probably more than I'll need!  I get several batches out of each packet. None have been "duds" so far either.
Cat grass, also known as wheat grass, is a great plant for anyone. I typically don't do any type of gardening, but I had no trouble getting these seeds to sprout and grow. These seeds make a great project for gardeners, cat lovers, and children, too.<br /><br />The hardest part of caring for these plants is keeping your cats from keeping from devouring them completely! That's what happened to mine, at least, and my cats still -- several months later -- will check the area where I kept the cat grass for more of this tasty plant.
Received this product much sooner than promised. Seeds grow as claimed and plant is great. My cat loves it. Highly recommend product and seller.
This stuff is awesome!<br /><br />Grows very fast and grows into a full grass section.<br /><br />My cat loves it and with other cat grasses I have purchased, she has vomited after sometimes, but this stuff she hasnt (so far)<br /><br />Like another reviewer said... shipping for one package is same price if you buy 10, so stock up and save on shipping, and the package was very nice, wasnt just thrown in an envelope!
We have been buying Cat Grass for many years and this product is very well priced and works just as good as the expensive packages.<br /><br />Our Cats have "Grown" healthy and happy since they have this grass.<br /><br />Great Seller - delivered on time and product sold is exactly what we wanted and will purchase again.
Cat grass is cat grass, and I have one cat that absolutely loves it; another that couldn't care less.  It's winter now, so I couldn't find it where I buy seeds, so I went on line.  Product is okay, service was prompt.  My disappointment: could only order one two-ounce package per shipping and handling fee.  Cat grass only lasts a couple of weeks, and I would have ordered 3 or 4 packages, but not at 3 or 4 times that shipping fee!
So, these seeds do exactly as advertised.  I bought 10 paks of seeds, and have so far used 4.  I always get a pot full of strong, bright green grass, which my cat readily devours.  Not much else can be said.  Good deal, good grass. Man.
I have been growing this "Cat Grass" for my 3 little dog, however I don't have the nerve to tell them this is for cats.  I noticed our dogs would occasionally chew grass at the park or leaves from trees, considering the chemicals that may be used on other plants I decided to grow my own.<br />My little guys love this stuff, but there is one problem being dogs they can be a little messy and they tend to want to rip the grass right out of the pot roots & all.  I have taken to trimming the grass daily and placing it next to their water bowl.<br />Trimming just seems to stimulate the grass to grow faster, much like your lawn.  As with your lawn I find that adding nutrients (Iron) to the grass it keeps it's beautiful color and many months of fresh new grass.<br /> Don't know the exact reason my dogs like grass, it might be just like humans we like a salad for a change maybe it just add something that is missing from their diets.  Guess you might say "Dogs can't live on meat alone" or something like that.
I planted this grass and in 8 days I had 3-4 inches of grass!<br /><br />The price hurts since you're basically paying for shipping. The cost of the seeds themselves are $1.59 as shown on the package. I couldn't find oat grass seeds at Lowes or my local independent garden center. I'm hoping to find somewhere local to buy them so I can buy more seeds in the future without having to pay a premium and wait for them to ship.
The grass sprouted quickly, with a great germination rate. The cats LOVE it, so much that they tried to get to it by knocking it off the mantle while I was out of town. The pot was upside down for at least a day, and it looked like the grass was all going to die. However, a week later it has almost fully recovered, so it's pretty hearty.
Our cats love the grass.  It's easy to grow and it sprouts within a few days so you have an ample supply on hand continually.  An excellent product to maintain a cat's health.
I wanted to grow some cat grass for my kitty to distract him from my other plants in the house. I planted them in a large window sill box with potting soil. I had a large bunch of grass in about a week. My cat loves it and it looks great in my kitchen.
I normally purchase already-grown containers of cat grass at my local pet store. However, the last few pots developed bugs in them, which just wasn't sanitary. I bought these seeds from Hirts and they grew insanely fast! My cats love the taste. I've already bought another pack so I can re-plant once the cats finish off this batch.
These seeds grow very easy, one seed pack grew about 7 little pots. I would grow using a few seeds about every 4-5 days in 2 separate little pots for my cats so they never was without. A great buy.
Excellent germination!  Only 4 days and about 90% of the seeds are up to an inch.  If I hadn't done this before, the instructions would have been wonderful, they left nothing out. I WILL buy these again.
This was the only seed pack I bought of three different brands that came up and the cats are still enjoying.
Tiger loves the cat grass..It only takes about a week after the grass is planted to come up..So it grows very fast..I planted it in a pot outside it did very good outside..
It was so easy to grow and my cat loved it. I highly recommend this purchase. Your cat will love you forever!
Unfortunately, bunnies love it, too, so we are having to grow this batch of cat grass indoors.  The cats love this stuff:  just put it where they can reach it and they will "go to town" on it, munching it all up.  It does not make them behave erratically, like catnip does, so don't worry about that.  You don't have to do anything to these seeds other than press them into some moist soil and water when the soil starts to become dry and crumbly.  That's it!  A nutritious treat for your cats!
These seeds always grow, unlike some other brands. Every single one of my cats totally loves the resulting oat grass. There is nothing else that all five of them all agree on so unanimously.<br /><br />Thanks for such a great batch of seeds!
In less than a week, my kitties had grass to much on.  I was surprised with their reaction to it, it seemed like she was given this before at her previous home.  She rushed right to it as soon as she saw it and gnawed it down to nothing.  The first time it got eaten, the plants sprang back to life and grew faster than before, but after being annihilated a second time, the grass kind of dried up and died.  Which is okay, because I have plenty more seeds in the pack.
Excellent product and price. Would do business with this company again.<br />My cat loves it. Can't wait to plant it again.
the true test is that our cats really loves the grass we grow from these seeds! and they grew very easily in pots, too.
I bought 4 packets and planted one of them.  It only took a couple of days for the sprouts.  My cats love it!
My two cats must not be interested in grass, because it grew but they ignored it. Had no problems growing it.
It was hard to grow but once it grew my cat loved it. I haven't found any seeds that work well yet, but I am still looking. I would buy this again is=f I had better luck with growing it.
This product is great for growing cat grass.  Gives a hearty grass is easy & fast growing.  Will purchase in the future.
It got here fast, grew quickly and my cats love it. Excellent choice anyone can make their cats very happy by purchasing this product, plus my cats have completely stopped chewing on all other plants in the house.
Our cat loves to eat this grass and it was so easy to grow too. I have never been much into growing plants but this was easy and actually useful rather than just grow plants around the house. Recommended product.
I have 3 cats...2 could care less..the other one LOVES this so much.  I have it by their food bowls and she nibbles on it every day.  No throwing up like outside grass.
My cat love this grass. Really easy to grow, only 3 days. Im not going to count the seeds but i dont think they are 500 seeds.
i have 3 cats here at home and they need to dosome grazing so i baught  this to see if they like it :) even though its just out grass lol
Don't know why people want to step in cold cat vomit on their to the bathroom in the middle of night, but this will get the job done. Vomit stains carpets, beds, shirts. You will find hard, old fossilized vomit under beds occasionally too.  Entire rooms of carpet will need replacing.<br /><br />If you have all wood floors and love cat vomit, go for it.<br /><br />However, it is a beautiful decorative grass when potted on it's own or mixed with herbs. Just keep out of cat's reach. Good air freshener if you grow enough indoors.<br /><br />No idea why people want cat vomit indoors though.<br /><br />3 stars because it is wheat grass which can be bought in bulk much cheaper for couple bucks more.
I just picked these up at random at my local Asian market, and I am really impressed. I'd drive the 15-20 minutes there again just to pick these up. They have an excellent coffee flavor and aren't horribly sweet like most hard candies. Each candy is individually wrapped and lasts a good long time.
Great candy! Sweet and intense, low calorie and delightful. Made with actual coffee, not just flavoring. Fantastic. Reasonably priced too.
Japanese sweet but strong black coffee candy. Lasts a long time in your mouth and costs alot less on Amazon than elsewhere. Made with real caffeinated coffee for a little energy.
There is nothing wrong with this product, but it is overpriced.  With a little research you can buy this for less than half the price.  Buyer beware
My cats really love this 9 Lives Seafood and Poultry cat food.<br />They prefer this pate to the slices or chunks.<br />They are a perfect weight and have beautiful shiny coats<br />and lots of energy.<br />It is good quality food and is very fresh.
We enjoy these peanut butter and jelly bars.  My 5 year old with celiac disease says he can have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich again.  He loves to pack these for school snack.
My 2 year old recently was diagnosed allergic to Gluten. These Pb & J bars have saved us. He loves them and these are his favorite flavor.
I tried these bars and they were very good, although I do like the Peanut butter chocolate chip bars better. The bars are a quick and easy to carry snack when you are on the go!
Out of all the granola bars that Bakery on Main makes my 2 year old loves these the most. Maybe it's because she can still get the taste of a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich but in a snack bar :) We always have to have a box of this flavor in the house.
These are good bars for being gluten free.  Not my favorite bar out of everything they carry but still good to keep around for a hunger attack.  If you really want to try something great try their Coconut Cashew Trubar.  Now, that's incredible! It's like you are being naughty but you're not!
You just can't go wrong with peanut butter and jelly. These were so delicious. As with the apple cinnamon, I had a hard time keeping my gluten free fearing husband away from these! Yummy!!!
One of the best peanut butter bars I've ever had. The fruit jelly is so good and brings the whole thing together in a good snack or dessert.
Of all the flavors I have tried of these bars, the Peanut butter and Jelly is my favorite!  Everyone loves peanut butter and jelly and it is just as delicious as a bar!
This is my favorite granola bar! Being vegan and gluten-free is difficult when it comes to finding granola bars that meet my  needs. This one is absolutely delicious! I love the ingredients and all the strawberries throughout the whole bar.  Highly recommend!!!
My sweet daughter loves these.  I mean what kid doesn't love PB&J, and what mom loves not having to make it!  They are sweet, and make you feel like you are not missing out on anything being gluten free.  Highly recommend it!
Wonderful! My son loves these granola bars! He has celiac and we wanted to try something different, these were a hit!
My girls love these bars!  They are nice for lunches or quick snacks on the go!  Good flavor!  Gluten free and Dairy free is difficult, but Bakery on Main does it right!  YUMMY
Peanut butter and jelly together. How can you go wrong? It is great and without the worries of gluten makes it even better.
I love these.  They really taste like a soft PB&J sandwich, and you can bring them anywhere!  Kids would love them too.  I hope they're available again soon because I'm running low!
Childhood nostagia all over again! I LOVE peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, but I don't often make them because they're rather messy. These bars solve that problem-- the oats and stuff provide a perfect compliment to the peanut butter and jelly flavor that's in the bar. The best part is that I can eat this on the go and not have to worry about my hands or clothes getting messed up.
It is cubes for our horses. They came in on time and the horses like them. There is not much more to say about sugar cubes.
All my horses love a sweet reward. Dots hold together nicely in the reward bag.
The fact that the title of this product includes the number 3000 is misleading.  I'm not even sure what that number refers to.  I can tell you that it does not refer to the quantity of gumballs in the package (which is 850).  It's true that the product details stated the actual quantity of 850, but apparently I glossed over that fact.  The price is still a good deal compared to other vendors on Amazon; just not quite as good as I had originally thought.  Shipping took a week longer than expected, but I did receive and apology email.  The gumballs themselves were well packaged.<br />I would buy from this vendor again (assuming that the consumption of 850 gumballs does not kill me).
I LOVE this tea. It is, hands down, my favorite.  And the ingredients are very "clean" and it's low calorie--especially compared to other teas out there.  This is the real deal.  It's basically like making it at home.<br /><br />It's SO yummy!  Light, refreshing.  I could drink it all day, by the gallon.  :)
My husband and I love this product because it is naturally sweet without the taste of artificial sweeteners.  Most peach flavored teas taste like sugar and artificial flavors but not this drink.  It is wonderfully watery to quench any thirst.  I only wish that Amazon would always sell it because we would buy it on a regular basis.
Look at the ingredients...it is made with Black Tea...Google Black tea and Fluoride and you will see that black tea is LOADED with fluoride because it is made with the oldest part of the tea plant it contains the highest level of fluoride of any tea. Fluoride is not healthy for anyone. If you want a healthy natural tea, get one that is made with white tea leaves. White tea leaves still have all the beneficial antioxidant properties but much, much , much less fluoride than either black or green teas.
Just received a case of this tea.  It tastes good and a bit on the sweet side, but not overly sweet.  I would give it a higher and better rating if it is not made in China though.
Since Republic of Tea discontinued their Bing Cherry Vanilla tea, I was looking for a replacement.  The flavor of this tea is very different from Republics - it's better.  The smell is very rich, like toasted vanilla and cherry.  It almost has a coffee smell, but not quite.  I don't like coffee, but this tea is incredible.  Glad I found it.  Best of all, the price!
I really like this tea, but my husband smelled it and commented that it smells like Robitussin cough syrup.  The taste is more subtle than the aroma.  Overall, this tea tastes good and is a good value.  It's not the best tasting cherry vanilla or cherry tea I have ever tasted, but I would purchase it again.
If you can get over the high price, why not enjoy some of the best coffee in the world, right here in the good ol' USA?<br /><br />Warning: once you get spoiled by this coffee, you might not ever settle for less!<br /><br />Bottom line: great product, would recommend to a friend.
I have a bag of this coffee shipped to me every other month. I do notice the flavor can vary over time. With that said, the worse I've had was just plain great, and the best roasts are to die for. I've noticed this variation with other coffees too. I always assumed it was the minute differences in roasting, and of course the bean itself. Being a plant, it will hardly have the exact same characteristics of another plant. Perhaps weather variations count too. This last year, the flavor and taste has been more consistent than it was a few years back. Everyone has different tastes but speaking for myself, this is as close to perfect as it gets.
I enjoyed my 1st cup very much.  The aroma was heady and the flavor was pleasantly mild.  But, ultimately, it is too mild for my daily morning "kick". I'll be going back to my Lavazza mornings when this is gone.
Tried this because it is 100% Kona and much cheaper than the other national brands I have been using. What can i say i am greatly surprised. Mild, no bite too it and no discernable acidity. This is on my shopping list from now on.
Spent $29  for real kona coffee and didn't want the kona blend sold here. The Hawaiian roasters was disappointing. Tasted nothing like the kona we had everyday while honeymooning in Maui. Not good
This is by far the best Kona Coffee I've had. I use to purchase Trader Joes Kona Coffee but for the last several months they haven't had any and I've been unable to locate Kona any where so I thought I'd try Amazon. I saw this and although the price is staggering, the coffee is amazing. Very smooth with great taste. I drink it both hot and cold. A pound makes a lot of coffee and while I didn't figure the price per cup, I still think it's worth it and will purchase it again.
I have tried a few kona coffees from different vendors, and I can say that this one is a very special coffee. I made an order last year and had some issues with one of the two bags I've bought. The coffee lost it's freshness in the 2nd bag and it was very old, dry and tasteless. I was very disappointed by how the same coffee could taste so different in each bag. I wasn't sure what was the problem, cause the 1st bag tasted very pleasant and aromatic. The freshness, texture and delicacy of the coffee took me to nirvana. I was very pleased with the organic taste and smoothness of the coffee. Immediately I knew that this was a very special gourmet coffee.<br /><br />I've tried different regional coffees including, papa new guinea, Kenya AA, Sumatra beans, Jamaican blue mountain ... and others. I have to say that Kona is my favorite by far. The shipping bag comes oxygen free when it's being shipped from the vendor. The air is sucked dry to vacuum seal it. Sometimes they get damaged or punctured during shipping. I guess that's what happened to one of the bags. As you know, coffee and oxygen don't go well together, cause once the coffee is oxidized; it starts losing its freshness and it doesn't taste the way it's supposed to taste.<br /><br />I've made a recent purchase again and I'm very happy with the results. Give this coffee a try before deciding to make a bulk shipment. You have got nothing to lose. Well done Hawaii Roasters. You guys have outdone yourselves.
My son was on vacation a couple of years ago and brought back Hawaii Roaster Kona Coffee. They have a different technique the way it is grown then most coffees. I thought I would check to see if it was on Amazon. This is the best tasting coffee I ever tasted.  Well worth the money.
This coffee has a smoother and milder taste than a dark roasted coffee.  I like to have this coffee and a dark roasted on alternate mornings.  The daily contrast in taste keeps me appreciating the delicious coffee favors of each type.
This coffee, whether brewed in the Keurig via eco cup or in a standard coffee pot tasted stale.  Not the award-winning coffee that I expected to taste.  It didn't take me back to Hawaii, but instead took me to the Folger's coffee aisle in the grocery store.  Will not order again.  What a waste of money.<br /><br />updated 2/3/12 - The seller got in touch with me and offered to refund my money.  He apologized for the coffee not being up to standard.  The seller has good communication.  Maybe I just got a bad batch.  Who knows...  Thank you!
This coffee was delicious! I actually purchased it as a gift, but since I paid $30 for 1 lb of coffee, I tasted the freakin coffee!<br /><br />It was so good! I meant to purchase the light roast, but accidentally ordered the medium. It was full bodied and delicious, totally lacking the high acidity that you find with most commercial coffees. I can't afford 100% pure Kona all the time and normally buy blends, but this coffee is the delicious gourmet coffee you need to buy and keep for company or to treat yourself now and then.
The best thing I like about this sports drink, is it's not an energy drink. Low calories (15) and less caffeine then 8 ounces of coffee.<br /><br />Plethora of natural anti-inflammatory ingredients, which mitigates aches and pains. And it's not necessary to take over the counter Acetaminophen when you have this.<br /><br />When I first had some, I felt different. Not a amp different, rushed. Just different; scared me a bit. 3 days later I tried it again. The feel different was the pain level going from the constant 8-9 to a 6 (which is manageable for me). The feel difference, was me feeling better.<br /><br />This is giving me the 4-5 year window I need before I have to get my neck and spine fused (again).<br /><br />At our house now, we have at least 3 cases and this month, it is 4.
This jerky is quite pricey for a 6.5 ounce bag, but it's one of the few I've found that is salty enough and doesn't contain a bunch of sweeteners.<br /><br />The smoke flavor is also pronounced.  Unfortunately, the price is the only thing that keeps this product from getting 5 stars from me.
I've reviewed this before - this jerky is fabulous. Great salt, great snap, great flavor. So tasty. I want some now.
These were a wonderful surprise, more delicious than anticipated and guilt-free. I liked the smaller size pouches. Easy to carry with me; nice to give as a gift. The bonus is that they are organic. I will be buying more.
I picked up a package during an airport layover and since I won't be back to LAX soon... decided to check Amazon for some more.  The 4 oz package cost 7.99 at the airport, so you do get a small price break by buying them here in triple packs.<br />WOW!  The flavor is amazing.  I don't know if the other reviewer got a bad batch -- or what -- but mine were crunchy walnuts with the smoothest slightly sweet tasting thick dark chocolate coating.  One bite and I was hooked.<br />If you are looking for a sweet treat for your sweetie, look no further.  this should be in every adult Easter basket or Christmas stocking.  I haven't raved about a candy like this since See's dark chocolate covered raspberry cremes!<br /><br />If you like walnuts and dark chocolate, you will absolutely love these.  The taste is so pleasurable it is hard to describe.  I just ordered 6 packages, for me and to use as gifts.  Amazon, you need to start selling these so I can use prime shipping!  (these will fly off the shelf, I promise!)<br /><br />ingredients:  Organic Walnuts, organic ark chocolate coating -- ooh there is some organic chocolate liquour and soy lethicin in there, that's why it's so tasty and smooth.  Contains small amounts of milk, soy wheat and egg and is manufactured in a plant that processes peanuts.  Made in the USA by Tropical Valley Foods.<br /><br />YES, these will melt in your hand or the hot sun, so be forewarned!
I like my chocolate tempered to some level of crispness. These nuts were chewy, not crunchy, and the chocolate coating was a bit mealy.<br />If you know anything about dark chocolate, and like yours with some snap, don't order these.<br /><br />Actually, the best dark chocolate covered walnuts are called Perigord and are available through a Canadian company called Kis Global.<br />They are sun dried, super crispy, covered in a fairly thin shell of 70% dark chocolate, and dusted with unsweetened cocoa.<br />Very adult and superb.
The walnuts and chocolate are very high quality. They are rich and decadent. It seems strange but when I'm eating just a small piece it tastes like I'm eating a brownie. Highly recommended.
The product is great...but it arrived mostly melted together instead of individual drop pieces.  I am sure it was over heated in the shipping.  We live in central California where temperatures get into the 100s.  I am  able to use them, anyway, by just cutting them up.<br />Partly my fault...I will try to remember to order during the winter months for cooler weather.<br />Excellent product...
These smell so good I'm tempted to try them myself!  I have to keep real chocolate locked up in my house because my two chocoholic dogs will raid cupboards and chew open drawers to get to it, but they are very happy with these instead.  I'm so glad I found this safe alternative for them.
My dogs (and some other dogs I like to spoil too) just love these.  They are their special treats.
I must say that Vitakraft has put life back into my dog. He is old and Vitakraft offers him more vitamins and minerals than what he was getting from his food. Now he has more energy and begs for these choco drops.
I found these at a local pet store and couldn't locate them again.  Great price and dogs love them.  I rec'd my shipment quickly with no problems.
I bought this product because my dogs were having accidents in the laundry room overnight.  I'm not sure how or why this works...but it stopped them from peeing.  The dogs love em too.
Have been buying this product for over a year and 'MAX' would eat  it as fast as I could give it to him. However one or two drops at a time for a reward, is his limit ! yogurt is his favorite.
My dog loves Vitakraft Dog Drops with Carob so much, he'll do any trick possible to have one!  Sadly, they're getting harder and harder to find, so I was thrilled to find them here - and the price was great!
A superior dog treat with a chocolate flavor. These drops are not toxic to dogs and are vitamin enriched. My dogs just love them.  My grandchildren ate few thinking they were "Hershey kisses"!! The children's mother who is a Pharmacist stated that the drops were not toxic to children or dogs!! The  product is excellent,service from the Amazon supplier was excellent but I wish they (any supplier) would not use UPS as a shipper. UPS is slower than "Snail Mail"!!
My puppy, Megabyte, is a very picky puppy.  After spending hundreds of dollars on finding treats that she will eat.  These are one of only two.
We ordered the product...our dog loves them...but no one cares if its 100 degrees outside.  recieved in one big melted ball.  thought they would ship in dry ice.  If its summer or hot in your area dont order them !!
My Pug absolutely adores these treats and will do anything for one.  I can get anything away from her and get her to go anywhere.  They are a big help for me and a wonderful treat for her.
My dog loves these treats. I can get him to do anything using them. They were much cheaper using Amazon even with the shipping charges.
BY THE TIME I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT ALL 3 PACKAGES WERE MELTED SO ALL HAD TO BE THROWN AWAY BECAUSE EVERYTHING IN EACH BAG HAD MELTED TOGETHER
I can not believe that this is actually for sale. It needs to be recalled. Sugar is absolutely unhealthy for all your pets. They do not digest/assimilate sugar like we do. Every Vet will tell you  the same thing and you will never see any quality treats or food that has sugar or corn syrup on the ingredient list. If you do see it on the list, DO NOT BUY IT!!
This is my 2nd review for this product.  The first one was supposed to be 75 words.  That would be too long for this item.  The product itself is good but the price for shipping for such a small item was ridiculous.  The package was small and light weight but I was charged $6.78 for shipping of a $4.99 item.  I have bought many items from amazon.com and it seems here lately that the shipping has gotten totally out of hand. I bought several items and the shipping was all together.  Therefore I did not know how much was charged for each item. I will not buy from this vendor again since they are making money on the shipping.  Enough said.
Key lime pie is one of my all-time favorite desserts. When I heard about this gum I was definitely a skeptic, I figured it'd taste more like just a standard, citrus-y/mint gum. I was wrong! This definitely tastes like real key-lime pie filling: actual key-lime flavor with a milk-sweet taste that's not too overpowering. The flavor actually lasts for quite a while too (though it's much more powerful within the first 5 minutes). Try it!
But I'll give it a shot.  Wow.  So far I have only tried (and intend to try) the Key Lime Pie and the Mint Chocolate Chip but they are both amazing.  They key lime pie is incredibly tart and delicious but unfortunately the flavor only lasts about 10 seconds.  The Mint Chocolate Chip is also incredible and the flavor seems to last much longer (or at least, the dulled post-flavor gum is more appealing).  In any event, even for 5 seconds of flavor these gums are a gem.  Great idea by Wrigley.
Key Lime Pie is getting rave reviews throughout my office!  I bought a pack of it to share with my co-workers, as well as the Mint Chocolate Chip and Strawberry Shortcake varieties.  All have been tasty, but Key Lime Pie has been the star.  Excellent!!
I just got a pack of the key lime pie gum, and it is some of the best gum I've had. It really tastes like key lime pie, almost eerily so, and is flavorful but not too strong. The idea of dessert flavored gum sounds a little like Willy Wonka, but it tastes really good, and I am looking forward to trying the other flavors.
never did I think I could put a piece of gum into my mouth and actually experience pie.  You can seriously taste the crust, the filling, and even the whipped cream on time.  I don't know how they did it, but it's amazing.
I am addicted to this gum. It tastes so close to the real thing and doesn't lose flavor compared with the apple pie or strawberry. This best flavor of all of this series, along with the mint chocolate chip.
I like the Dessert Delights line, and this is one of their better flavors. But the carton I received contains only packs that are stale. The sticks are stiff and difficult to chew, and the flavor disappears within 10 minutes. I'm quite disappointed that they would dump old products on their customers.
I couldn't find the gum at the grocery store. So I ordered it from Amazon. The order came quickly and the gum was great!
Thankfully I was able to order quite a supply of this gum. My sister and I enjoy this flavor the most and was sad to read it was discontinued.  I paid a responable price so, I thank you.
It's almost eerie how this gum tastes so similar to actual key lime pie. I just picked up my first pack today, I this is definitely my new flavor. Extra really hit the mark here. A different, unique, and incredibly delicious gum. This scrumptious, delicious treat is sure to please. Don't hesitate to buy a pack!
I panicked when I couldn't find my Extra Key Lime pie gum in the stores.  Then I thought... where can you get just about everything?  Amazon of course!  And to my delight, my gum was there!  If you love key lime pie like I do, this is the next best thing to sinking your teeth into a creamy, rich, key lime tart, delicious piece of pie... without the calories!!!!
Wow,  I like the flavors! I've tried the Apple Pie, Mint Ice Cream and the Strawberry Shortcake (not too fond of this one..) but the others are great! I love the Apple Pie and this Key Lime Pie<br /><br />it says hydrogenated starch... not oils.. difference?
This gum is delicious and since my first pack I have been hooked.  I love the Mint Chocolate Chip after meals, and the Key Lime Pie is delectable at all other times.<br /><br />At $15/10 pack on Amazon, it's not really a deal, though, considering this is only a $1 a pack at target or mcwallymart.  Once the price of a 10-pack drops to about $10 or $11 I might consider buying it online if only out of pure laziness, but a 50% premium is not really worth it.
I loved the flavor and the fact that it was so long lasting. Everyone in the office eats it now. We only eat half a stick so we are not sitting around with a big wad of gum in our cheeks, but so far I have not been able to outchew this gum for flavor.  If you like a bright, citrus-y taste that is not too overpowering, you will love this. If you like a more minty gum, then go for the mint chocolate chip flavor of this gum.
I was actually VERY surprised that this tasted like the real deal. It's very sweet, very limey, and the first couple hundred chews you can taste the crust and a smidge of whip cream. After a few minutes, it still has flavor. After an hour: it still has flavor. I love it! You also get the tangy effect of a lime. Not as strong but very pleasurable.
I did NOT expect this gum to be more than just your typical "lime" flavored "candy" type taste. But I was floored. This gum literally tastes like key lime pie. I swear I can even taste a graham cracker crust. The flavor only lasts a short time, but it's an amazing taste! Floored!
This is the absolute best gum flavor ever.  It really tastes like Key Lime Pie and the flavor lasts a long time. Yummy!
Not bad, but there are better gums than this one. At the beginning is a big explosion of flavor and sugar like sensation, but after 5 minutes is gone.
Not being a hard core gum chewer, I was thrilled with this gum. A great taste in a gum that last plenty long without any loss of flavor or any kind of after taste. A pleasure in my diet routine.
I've tried Wrigley's Apple Pie flavor of their Dessert Delights chewing gum.  It tastes EXACTLY like apple pie.  I can't wait to try the key lime pie flavor!  Everyone who has posted a review here on Amazon says it tastes exactly like key lime pie!  Wrigley Chewing Gum Co. appears to have hit yet another one out of the ball park!  John V Karavitis, John Karavitis, Karavitis
If ever there was a gum to worry about having in your stomach for seven years (as the popular myth states), this one is the most likely. It tastes great, sure, but in the first few bites, it falls apart, losing any cohesiveness (gummyness), and just gets swallowed. For some reason, about 1/3 of it remains intact and becomes gum. What little remains is as the other reviewers state, but knowing that I've swallowed more than half the sticks I've chewed is not a pleasant thought.
I really like this gum. like all of Wrigley's gum products I've tried, this is absolutely great. These Dessert Delight flavors are truly delightful.
the extra dessert delights sugargree key lime pie flavored gum is an amazingly limey mouth party.  it has a zesty tartness tempered with enough sweetness for balance.  having a piece of gum taste so much like a food is a little disorienting and while i did not really think i would end up looking like a lime (a la violet beauregard from willy wonka and the chocolate factory movie), it was a relief that i did not.  the only problem is that the flavor does not last as long as bubble gum or mint flavors.  but that might just be too much to hope for.
Like other reviewers, I had low expectations for this gum, but was happily wrong.  I love key lime pie, and lime flavor in general.  When first chewed, this gum has the tangy-bite of key lime, with a creamy sweetness, and a hint of graham cracker crust flavor.  After the initial flavor burst fades, there is that surge of artificial sugary-sweetness that occurs with some brands/flavors of sugarfree chewing gum, but the surge isn't as overwhelming or long lasting as it is with some sugarfree gums.  Once that fades, the gum has a mellow, subtle, lime zest flavor.  I really like this gum.
So far I've tried all of the flavors and while there are some I'm not over the hill about, I've had pretty good experiences with them.<br /><br />This is one of the flavors I'd purchase again. I'm a big fan of anything lemon or lime flavored, so I had to give this a try. I'll admit up front that I haven't had a key lime pie for years, so I don't remember the flavor like it was yesterday and this probably worked in my flavor. (I remember it in general, though.)<br /><br />This tastes awesome. I can definitely taste the lime and it tastes like what I remember a key lime pie to be. The lime flavor is there, but it's backed up by a nice creamy taste that almost made me want to grab a few extra slices of gum. (Hey, it's 15 calories a slice so I can splurge on this while I wouldn't want to splurge with the actual pie.) Unfortunately it falls prey to the same problem that the equally yummy apple pie flavor had: the flavor doesn't last nearly long enough.<br /><br />I'll absolutely buy this again, despite the flavor only lasting 1-2 minutes.
In this age where even basic service no longer exists, I was pleasantly surprised when my transaction actually came off without a hitch. Shipped on time, and the product was in good condition. Well done!
Initially, the flavor is fairly accurate, however weak- from there, the flavor diminishes rapidly. I just timed it, and this gum goes flat within 5 minutes.<br />In light of my experience, I find these rave reviews somewhat... amusing; one reviewer even went as far as to describe it as "incredibly tart". Meh.<br />Like many new products in the realm of gum, pop, energy drinks, and fast food, they only need you to buy one. If everyone does that, they'll be sitting pretty.<br />Based on this experience, I have no desire to try the other flavors of Extra Dessert Delights.<br />Three stars = It's OK, but doesn't live up to the hype.
On top of the delightful aspartame, this comes complete with hydrogenated oils and is a dead ringer for Country Time Lemonade mix.
Instead of just being pork rinds, oil, salt and vinegar, they have lactose and maltodextrin on them, contributing to 2g of sugar per serving.  Many people (myself included) who buy this kind of snack who are on low carbohydrate diets; they will not be happy about the sugar.<br /><br />The labeling on the package is very strange, and I am surprised it gets by the nice government men who worry about this sort of thing.  It says Total Carbohydrates are less then 1g, so they get to put zero grams.  Ok, fair enough, I have seen that before.  But then the label admits to 2 grams of sugar, which is a carbohydrate.  How they can get away with saying they have zero grams of carbs when there are 2 grams of sugar is beyond me.  I assume it is just that nobody has caught them yet.<br /><br />Then there is protein.  The nutritional analysis says 8g of protein per serving.  Not bad for a snack food.  Right next to the 8g is says "Not a significant source of protein."  Huh...A slice of cheese is about 8 grams of protein, as is an ounce of meet.  I believe those are significant sources of protein.<br /><br />I went to their website, to check out the nutritional facts.  I did notice they were high in sodium.  What I missed was that they claim the number of servings in a 1.75 oz package was three (3), so the sodium in a package is actually three times higher.  I doubt many people expect a 1.75 oz package to be three servings.  I just looked up Fritos Corn chips.  A 2 oz package is considered a single serving package, and the analysis on the back shows one serving.  So when Fritos tells you the sodium level, it is only 320 mg for the entire package.  For these pork rinds, the 1.75 oz package is 900 mg of sodium, about half of your daily requirement.  A little steep for a snack.<br /><br />Although I went to their site to look at some nutritional info, they don't shows the label or the actual ingredients on their site or at Amazon.  If they had, I would not have purchased it.  They use partially hydrogenated oil, a kind of fat may be destructive to your health long term.  Since the government broke down and required that partially hydrogenated oil be listed on the label, a lot of the food industry has switched away from it, as people are correctly suspicious of it.<br /><br />To add insult to injury, I was unhappy with the taste.  They have a chemical, nasty taste.  I suppose that is subjective, but a few bites left me a little queasy.<br /><br />I feel bad having bought this, but perhaps my error will be of some use to others looking for a low carb snack.  Please pass this company's products by, and let's find someone else who can actually provide us the food we want and the information we need in a rational, ethical and legal way.
I love Salt and Vinegar potato chips, but can't eat them on my low-carb diet. These pork skins are a wonderful replacement for those high-carb snacks. The salt and vinegar flavoring in the pork skins is a bit more muted than what I am used to finding in most potato chip brands, but is definitely adequate to soothe my cravings for a crunchy salt-and-vinegar snack. The pork skins are light and fluffy, with almost none of the hard rinds that can be found in some brands of pork skins. If the flavoring was a bit more pronounced, I would give this snack five stars.
If you like salt and vinegar chips but want to avoid carbs then pork rinds are for you especially this brand. I'll eat these instead of chips any day!
Would've rated 5 stars if it had more of a vinegar taste.  Overall, not bad at all, good snack
can't find them anywhere where I live, so glad I found them here. Not too salty or vinegary just the right amount> thanks
The customer service was beyond compare.  I would gladly do business with this company again.
I have a hard time finding this up in New England - so glad to see this product here.  This is my favorite product in my spice cabinet.  I have tried many other so-called "Cajun" spice blends and find that they are too salty (although this is salty too, it is not predominant on the palate) or too hot (which a true "Cajun" spice is not hot).  Laissez les bon temps rouler!
This is a wonderful product, I was happy to see I could buy it on Amazon because our local stores quit carrying it!  We use it mostly to sprinkle over chicken wings to make a cajun wing..yummy!  It can be used on almost everything. Love It!
I, just like all the other reviewers love this seasoning. I have been making Cajun Catfish with this seasoning for about 15 years. I have tried other seasonings when this one was not available, but it's just not the same. If you want to try my recipe, it's very easy. I melt butter and brush the catfish fillet with it and generously<br />coat the fish with the seasoning. Meanwhile I preheat a cast iron skillet. When the skillet is hot I put in about 2 tbs olive oil and than about 3 tbs of butter and fry the fish to a golden to dark brown on each side About 4-5 minutes and add some more butter if the pan becomes to dry after turning the fish. During this I make a pot of spaghetti, my wife likes angle hair, after the pasta is done, drain it and remove the fish to a platter, turn off the heat under the skillet, add a little more olive oil and butter, scrape up the bits of fish left on the bottom of the skillet and dump the pasta into the skillet and mix it around to soak up the buttery oil, than sprinkle some more seasoning on the pasta and serve with the fish. Everyone love it. To give this dish a little color, you can add a bag of fresh spinach to the pasta water during the last 2 minutes of cooking, or stir in a small can of diced Cajun tomatoes after you put the pasta in the skillet, or use both. Hope you enjoy it if you try it.
This is the best Cajun spice my wife and I have found anywhere, ever.  We have been using it for more than ten years.  It goes great on all sorts of things -- chicken, beef, pork, fish, eggs (hard boiled, scrambled, or fried), baked potato, etc.  Not only is it a very good combination of spices, it is also ground fine and mixed well.  Whenever we fry something in batter or breading, Luzianne's Cajun Seasoning usually finds its way into the mix.<br /><br />We've tried "Slap Ya Momma" and other cajun spices, but those tend to be too coarse.  Instead of tasting a blend of spices, you tend to bite down on a nugget of salt, filling your mouth with the taste of salt, then a nugget of pepper, filling your mouth with the taste of pepper, etc.  Luzianne's is definitely the superior implementation.<br /><br />We recently ran out of it, and to our dismay Safeway has stopped carrying this product, which is why we have tried other brands.  None have measured up, which is why I was searching for it online.  We're very happy to have found it again on Amazon.
THis product (which i am not allowed to return) has ingrediants of salt, spices, hydrolysed soy protein, that last item is the common industry con for adding msg to your food. Every soup on your grocers shelf contains msg, but, i digress. So, the third ingrediant is a form of MSG, further down the ingrediant list is proudly displayed ... Monosodium Gludamate, ...MSG. This does not add spice to your food, it stimulats your tongue into feeling that the food tastes good, when IT DOES NOT. MSG can make dogfood taste like hamburger. anyone who thinks this is making their food taste cajun may be serving ALPO.  Tones and Durkee (sp) do not contain MSG, I prefer Tones!<br /><br />I have 8 eight ounce cans of this stuff.. would anybody like to buy some hamburger from me?
I bought this seasoning because Amazon stopped selling the 12 count Konriko cajun seasoning so this was the one they had in a 12 count.  I bought it thinking it would be similar to the Konriko, BOY WAS I WRONG!!!<br /><br />First of all like another reviewer said some of the ingredients are as follows:  hydrolyzed soy protein, and Partially hydrogenated cottonseed and soy bean oil.  I was completely stumped as to why these two ingredients were necessary in a spice blend mix.  Now I know why with the hydrolyzed soy protein; as the other reviewer stated it's a industry way of adding MSG.  Well why in the world do we need that and what's up with the HYDROGENATED SOY BEAN AND COTTONSEED OIL!!!!  BESIDE IT BEING BAD FOR YOUR HEALTH IT CAUSES THE PRODUCT TO CAKE AND CLUMP.  I steer clear of products with hydrogenated oils in them.  An even though this may not have many trans fat an accumulation over time is what makes this deceptively bad for your health.  When I purchased this last year they did not have the ingredients listed in the description, now it is.  I think that AMAZON as a regular practice should require all food products/company's to list the ingredients of their product to sell on their site.  WHY WAIT UNTIL THE CUSTOMER PURCHASE IT TO FIND OUT???!!!  I don't think this is a customer friendly practice!!!!<br /><br />Not a good buy IMO.  I found my Konriko at another site and will be purchasing it from there; unless AMAZON brings it back at a 12 count offer; otherwise to buy one at $8 and $4.99 s/h is just way over priced and highway robbery!!!!
I grew up using this seasoning on steak, and pretty much everything. Could no longer find it in stores so ordered a case off amazon. Very happy nice spice and flavor. Highly recommend.
I love this product and can't get it locally anymore.  It was a fair price and the item was in stock and came quickly.  I would buy from them again.
This is a wonderful mix of spices.  One of my favorite uses is on chicken on the grill.  Try this out:<br /><br />5-6 cloves garlic, minced<br />1 1/2 Tbsp. Luzianne Cajun seasoning<br />1 Tbsp. olive oil<br />2 Tbsp. lemon juice<br /><br />Combine ingredients with chicken in a gallon size zip lock bag and marinate chicken legs & thighs for 2 - 4 hours.<br /><br />Mix up a second batch, and brush over chicken while grilling, cooking on all sides.<br /><br />Just made this yesterday...excellent!
This is the best cajun seasoning ever! We use it on seafood, steaks and burgers. Seasoning enhances, not overwhelms, whatever it is put on.
I have been using Luzianne Cajun Seasonings for years.  I find it best on Beef and fish/seafood.  Like one of the other reviewers, I like the fineness and the blend of the seasoning.  The combination of the two gives it it's unique flavor.<br /><br />When I have friends and family over for steaks, they always say these are the best, what's your secret.  I first tell them it's an old family secret, but then I tell them about Luzianne.  I am not sure they are listning, because the next time over we have to go through the same conversation.  Oh well, more praise for me!<br /><br />Thanks Luzianne for all the pats on the back.
This seasoning adds just the right amount of spice to almost any dish! If you want something with a little kick you will love this seasoning! Can't beat the price for a top notch product!
Oh man, I, like many of us have tried so many Cajun Seasoning, but this company does it Right!!<br /><br />Thank you Folks at the Heart-Heat of Southern Seasoning!!<br /><br />All my love,<br />Roy Watson,<br />408-464-0100
I originally discovered this years ago on vacation in southern Maryland. Since then it's always been in our cupboard. We came home to PA that year with three cans of it and then resupplied each summer. After a couple of years it became available in our area, but in the last year or so, we haven't been able to find it anywhere. This is one seasoning I don't mind buying by the case. (and it's a great price, too!)<br /><br />We put it on virtually anything - and I mean anything. Meats, poultry, seafood, salads, spaghetti, eggs, pot pie, vegetables, soups, whatever. It's especially good on any pasta dish. I even sprinkle it on a sandwich. The spice is just the right amount of heat with the touch of lemon to top it off. It sounds weird but I think I could even enjoy this on ice cream.
Luzianne Cajun Seasoning is a great way to spice up anything you make. It adds a nice amount of heat to your food without being over-bearing. My whole family loves it!
I have been using this spice mix for many years but, I have found it hard to find lately. I decided I would check Amazon and I was very surprised to see it available! I am a fairly good cook and I have developed some easy dishes using this mix and it is very unusual and tasty! A 12 pack is a lot of this spice but, it does keep for years and I use it quite often. Give your family the kick it deserves with "Luzianne Cajun Seasoning"
We discovered Earth's Best when my oldest started solids years ago.  They had a more limited selection then, but offered more variety than the "regular" brands.  For him, we only bought a few jars each trip, those flavors that we couldn't get in another brand.  For our second child, we added a few more.  With the 3rd baby, we started out on the larger brands, but he wouldn't eat them.  Who can blame him!?  They're runny and lacking any flavor.  Not to mention, no matter how good sweet potatoes are, how many jars can you eat?  He gobbles up every jar of Earth's Best without any problems.  When we introduce a new flavor, he's all for it.<br /><br />I agree with other posts that some of the flavors are very runny.  We just add a few tsp. of cereal and problem solved.<br /><br />Earth's Best is more expensive.  I calculated that every 2 weeks of food costs me $15 more than buying the other brands.  However, we decided that since he eats it all (vs. being very picky with other brands) it's a wash.<br /><br />If you want to use Earth's Best for your baby w/out breaking the bank, try these tips:<br />*Visit Earth's Best's website and print off all the coupons they'll allow (usually 3), have family and friends do the same<br /><br />*Buy at Whole Foods.  They have good prices and when you buy a lot, they give you a bulk discount<br /><br />*You can also buy them by the case at Meijers for less than $10.00, cheaper than here!
I thought I was doing my kid a favor when I invested in a case of Earth's Best dinners.  Unfortunately, the second ingredient (after water) for all of these is....applesauce.  Or in the case of the "Sweet Potato & Chicken" variety, it's sweet potatoes, followed by apricot puree.<br /><br />After getting used to the sweetness of these (try 'em - they're like jam), it's difficult for kids to adjust to "real" food.  From now on, I'm going to stick with just pureeing home-cooked food.  It's a lot cheaper, too.
According to a lot of reviews on top baby food brands overall, Earth's Best was always voted to be in the Top 5 of all the lists of reviews by Mom Links, Consumer Reports, Livestrong, Baby Health Sites.  Here is a excerpt from one of the sites (I think it was from eHow.com):<br /><br />The Center for Science in the Public Interest evaluated popular brands of baby foods, including Gerbers, Heinz, Earth's Best and Beech-Nut. According to the Center's report, Earth's Best did not use starchy fillers or "replace real food with water and thickening agents in many of their products for children over six months of age. Such adulterated products are nutritionally inferior to products made with more fruits and vegetables." Earth's Best uses certified organic products. The brand offers single-ingredient, smooth foods for infants over four months; fruit, vegetable, grain and meat blends for babies over six months; and a variety of chunky soups, dinners and vegetable medleys for children over nine months old. Earth's Best products are sold at supermarkets, natural food stores and big box stores nationwide.<br /><br />Plus, my baby girl loves it.  Yes, it might be a little runnier than the other baby foods, but I just add a little rice with it and that fixes it.
We only use jarred baby food as emergency food.  I make all my little one's food and freeze it or give it fresh.  Yes, full time working mom but really is it that hard to cook, puree and freeze basic foods like carrots that cost $1.27 for 2 pounds?  I taste all the foods that my baby eats and enjoy the Earth's Best line because they taste real.  It's not food that you could add to a baby shower game and go "what in the world was that?"  They use quinoa and kamut flours.  It is excellent all around.<br /><br />I believe that the apricot puree that other's talked about in the sweet potato and chicken dinner is there to maintain the color of the food.  I make my own sweet potato and chicken dinner for my little one and it turns brown.  My baby doesn't care about the color of the food but I'm sure maybe a mom would freak out if she saw this color in a baby food jar - knowing how vibrant sweet potatoes are.<br /><br />Half of the jars in my case were popped up.  I wrote amazon and at first they offered me not even the cost of the damaged jars.  I called and they replaced the entire case free of charge.  This had to have happened at the manufacturing plant and didn't occur during shipping but rather was a sealing issue.  I was impressed with the speed and efficiency at which amazon handled this.  Will continue to be a loyal customer because of this.  Customer service goes a long ways!
We love the Earth's Best line in our house. Our 9 mo old daughter  will ONLY eat Earth's Best dinners, and I don't blame her. The smell from both of the other 2 brand was nauseating. I've sampled the Earth's best dinners myself, and they aren't half bad... It is baby food.... The fruit blends and veggie blends are great as well.
Organic foods are probably most important the first couple of years of life. That is when so much brain development is happening that trying to keep as much pesticides as possible away from your child's developing brain and body is a very worthy goal.<br /><br />Fortunately it is a little easier than it is for a grown up. With our more varied foods and time constraints and on the go, etc. Also no matter how worthy a goal, your child has to eat the food. This is an excellent combination of flavors that I was not always able to find at local stores. And with subscribe and save it is cheaper and delivered to my door.<br /><br />The flavors are vegetable turkey which lists the ingredients as Water, organic carrots, organic apples, organic ground turkey, organic whole barley flour.<br /><br />Sweet potato and chicken: Water, organic sweet potatoes, organic apricot puree, mechanically separated organic chicken, organic brown rice flour.<br /><br />Summer vegetable: Water, organic corn, organic zucchini, organic green beans, organic brown rice, organic carrots, organic garbanzo beans, organic canola oil.<br /><br />Rice and Lentil: Water, organic apples, organic carrots, organic brown rice, organic lentils, organic canola oil<br /><br />There are other Earth Best blends where water is not the number one ingredient. Obviously that somewhat calls into the question the 'value' of this particular Earth's best item. I just found the tomato and carrot one which I have ordered but not received yet.  Also if you put in organic baby food in Amazon search there are some brands with just food in them for example Peter Rabbit organics (have not yet tried it, but might when she is a bit older).<br /><br />Overall though I do recommend this variety pack. Our daughter likes them all and she is getting organic ingredients. And for a decent price, even considering the amount of water in them. The water being first in all 4 is giving me pause as to the overall value and definitely something I will keep in mind as to trying other brands going forward. The ingredient lists are all directly from the Earth Best's website, earthsbest.com,  as I do not have the products in front of my right now.
I agree with a previous reviewer - when it comes to the dinners (just about all of the Earth's Best choices) they are watery and SWEET.  Apples (or some other fruit) in just about everything, and the first ingredient is nearly always water.  I've decided to stay away from these as much as possible and purchase protein-containing dinners from another jarred brand (or mixing my own).  I'd really rather not nurture a sweet tooth at such a young age!<br /><br />The Earth's Best fruits and vegetables for the most part are great - just check the label to make sure water isn't the first ingredient listed (I just love how baby food will have water listed first but then some kind of flour added as well to thicken it up).
As I have with all other Earth's Best jarred baby food, I won't be purchasing these Dinners for my baby because the jar lids contain BPA.  I contacted Earth's Best's consumer relations dept. personally, and the representative read me a prepared statement saying that the epoxy resin that lines Earth's Best baby food jar lids contains "trace amounts" of BPA, but it "doesn't come into direct contact with the food."  That kind of lukewarm response wasn't enough to put my concerns about BPA to rest ... after all, packaged food is jostled-around so much during shipping that these jars could spend days upside down, with the food resting directly on the jar lids.  So I guess I'll have to pass on these jarred Dinners for now.  (The Earth's Best rep did say that they were doing "accelerated testing" of BPA-free alternatives for lining their baby food jars).<br /><br />This is such a shame, because Earth's Best is the only company that makes organic, pre-packaged Stage 2 complete meals (e.g., with meat/protein, veggies & carbs/starch) in PUREE form.  All the other organic baby food manufacturers, such as Plum, Sprout, Ella's Kitchen, etc., only make Stage 3 meals, in chunky form.  Earth's Best does make some baby food in BPA-free squeeze pouches, but that doesn't include its Dinner line.  I was hoping to be able to expose my little-one to a wider variety of flavors and well-balanced meals while still at the puree stage.  But I guess I'll have to wait until she's old enough for Stage 3 chunky meals, or make her baby food myself.  (Virtually impossible for this super-busy and domestically-challenged mom, LOL!)
I ordered this from Amazon and they were pure liquid. Like water. I did not feel at all comfortable feeding them to my daughter. Amazon customer service, however, was awesome and gave me a full refund
Bought this after reading the good reviews - not sure if it has to do only with my package but rice and lentil mix literally has a smell of mold. I actually opened two containers to make sure it wasn't just my nose playing tricks on me. I love this brand and I am very disappointed.
My daughter loves these dinners. There's no other organic meat option at my grocery store, so we're stuck with this one, but I don't mind at all. I think they're great. I agree that they are runny, but you can just thicken it with whole grain cereal, and problem solved (turkey dinner is thick enough).  I also don't understand why people complain that they are too sweet, or unhealthy. First of all, if you don't like the ingredients, buy something else. Second, I trust Earth's Best enough to believe they know the right amount of stuff to put in their product. Third, the belief that if baby tastes sweet food, they will not eat regular food, is an old wife's tale. Are you people saying that you don't give your babies fruit and vegetables? They are all sweet.<br />The only reason I gave this particular item 4 stars instead of five, is the price. I can buy it at my grocery store for 79 cents a jar. Here, they are being sold for over 91 cents. And that's at the sale price. If you buy these at the regular price, it comes to $1.41. Way too much!
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I love the thought that these baby foods are organic.  The shipping is quick, well packaged, and easy to open.  Baby likes ALL flavors so far of ANY type of Earth's Best baby food.  However, this brand is always more watery than any other brand I've tried.
Our primary reason for buying this product is that it came in a variety pack.  We make most of our own baby food, but we were going on vacation and that was going to be difficult.  Since packing space was limited, we had this shipped to our destination.  It was the only brand we could find to order in a variety pack.  The kids liked all the flavors and the consistency seemed good.
My 6-month-old is a fanatic for these flavors!  She gobbles them up and we can't load the spoon fast enough for her!  We introduce new foods every 3 days and we always get the interesting blends as well, so she has tried tons of flavor profiles by this point and these really do get a notable reaction from her.  She goes, "Mmm, mmm," lol.  It's so cute and meats are an easier-to-absorb source of iron compared to artificially-enriched iron that is found in baby cereals.  I definitely prefer this as a compliment to Mommy's milk as oppose to the cereals that are hard for little tummies to digest.
I actually cook most of my twins' savory meals, but I always keep a package of these EB dinners on hand  for (1) feeding the girls on the go and (2) for those times when I just don't have the energy to cook or defrost whatever is in the freezer. The girls like most of the flavors, except for the peas. I wish EB had more variety packages with different flavor available.
To be honest, my baby didn't really love all of these at first. He's pretty picky, so I had to mix fruit into some of these to get him interested in a few of them.  He took to the gourmet meals pack right away, but didn't love all of these.  But as he's gotten older, he's gotten less picky and seems to accept all of these flavors now without having to bribe him by mixing in fruit.  The prices on Amazon are good, so I will continue to order these here.
My one year old loves this product. She eats one every day and never gives me a problem. And I trust the ingredients which reassures me that she's eating something thats good for her.
Amazon normally does a fantastic job getting product out to me in great shape and on-time, but, I guess this is one product that they can not.<br /><br />Several jars had compromised seals and so we had to immediately throw them out.  I wish I could order this by mail but it seems this is one item we'll need to go to the grocery store for.
I like the variety in this pack-nice to not have to pick out individual jars and my baby likes them all! The only thing I would suggest is if you have a picky eater, maybe buy one jar at a time to test them out before you buy a huge box.
I purchased this food on Amazon then saw it at Babies R Us for 30 cents less per jar.  I like the product but AMAZON is overcharging!
My baby has been eating this brand since he was 6 months. I like the convenience of high quality/yet not overly pricey jar food like this. It is easy on his stomach. Never had any health issues with it. The "dinners" are a bit more filling than the usual watery vegetable puree but it still does need a little cereal to thicken up. Summer vegetable is his least favorite. The zucchini (like cucumber) smells pretty strong. He would eat it now but when we first started, he hated it. My son loves the other 3 flavors and that's why I continued with my subscription since it's more expensive to buy them separately.
Organic foods of course are best for your health and starting your baby on foods that are pure is best no matter what. I highly recommend Earth's Best products. He loves the formula, foods and diapers. I love the products because it's best for my baby. I wish I knew about organics and Earth's best 16 years ago with my first baby.
My baby loves these dinners. They are very flavorful and not bland like other baby food that we have tried. I love the fact that they are organic and Amazon sells them at such a great price.
My 8-month old son is not the picky eater my first was. He had only refused one flavor of all the baby foods introduced to him in 3 months (and it was peas-can't blame him for that one) but he REFUSED to swallow the Rice & Lentil flavor in this variety pack. He actually spit it back out and then blew raspberries (cute, but messy). I tried several times over 2 weeks and got the same response each time. We will not be ordering this pack again even though he loved each of the other meals.
I did like this product until some jars I found black mold on the inner lids.<br /><br />I read other reviews, but I thought it must've been a bad batch.  I was wrong.<br /><br />Earth's Best used to be very good. So I canceled my next Subscribe and Save order.  Then I feedback cancel reason to Amazon.
I used this variety pack to introduce protein into my daughter's diet.  She loves all four of the varieties!
This is a nice variety of flavors--two are meat-based (chicken and turkey) and two are vegetable-based (summer veggie and rice/lentil).  My 9-month-old daughter eats all these flavors and particularly likes the meat flavors.  I've had difficulty getting her to eat other meat foods, so I'm happy to have found two meat meals that she loves.  As with other Earth's Best varieties, these varieties include only organic ingredients without any of those funky preservatives.
Great value if you buy it as a subscribe and save item, and I love that it automatically comes to me.  These are great and they taste really good, making me think that we bought a very high quality product for our child.
I love Earth's Best. My son eats almost all of the Earth's Best single and combination foods. This pack in particular has two of his dinner/lunch favorites: Summer Vegetable and Brown Rice and Lentil. Some of the dinners and a lot of the first purees are very runny so we mix with some cereal to thicken.
My son loves Earth's best baby food. He enjoys his vegetables as much as he does with his fruits. He has no problem digesting his food and never spits it up.
My son really enjoys all these flavors- eats them all!!! Fast shipping. No shopping in stores. Great prices. Would recommend to all.
LOVE earths best but my 8 mth old daughter only liked one of the 4 selections. i highly recommend buying just one of each from the store and having your baby test them before buying these in bulk. walmart usually has them for .60 each
I was excited to try this product after reading all of the good reviews. I wasn't really impressed when my son tried the food. The consistency was WAY too thin, and my son would hardly eat the whole jar. I would recommend making your own baby food, or use the Gerber organic.
Our pediatrician told me to include some form of meat at dinner for our baby. Unfortunately, two of the four varieties don't include meat. I don't think Summer Vegetable should be included in a dinner variety pack, that's what the vegetable variety pack is for. Also, the chicken and sweet potato is extremely runny and hard to feed to a baby.
3 of the flavors are pretty good but the Sweet Potato & Chicken is pretty gross. I was wondering why my daughter didn't want to eat it until I tried it myself
My baby didn't seem into these dinners, so I tried them. They're not terrible, but not good either. We'll stick with the EB fruits and veggies until she's ready for table foods.
This is great!  Organic baby food options - delivered to my doorstep!  The dinners are a good combination and receive a raving review from the bib wearer at the dinner table.
My little guy loves to try new foods..so this variety pack is great.<br /><br />Feeding organic is the way to go. We trust and love the earths best brand<br />Ther formula is great. Amazon.com seems to have the best price around i checked.<br /><br />It is great to get the auto ships of babyfood..less trips to the store for dad !
We ordered the Earth's best 2nd dinner variety pack along with the fruit variety pack.  We got the fruit variety pack and an oatmeal and fruit variety pack, not the dinner pack.  Found out we can't return the item, either.  We will try the Amazon phone help, but if all else fails maybe my little one will like this stuff...
My baby loves this food.  At whole foods they sell the same flat for 10.99 and thats retail.  I ordered this and just received it today.  I hadn't even opened package and I could smell a rotten smell coming from box. I opened it to find jar smashed and mold everywhere! I'm so disgusted and can't believe I waited over a week for this to arrive.  What a waste of my time.  The worst part is I ordered the fruit flat as well and also a broken jar and rotten mold everywhere.  I don't get how this happens the  shipping box isn't dented or damaged neither is the flat box.  So what someone packaged and sent a smashed and rotting shipment? Not a happy customer!
Don't let the "Earth's Best" name fool you .. as stated in multiple reviews here - CHECK THE INGREDIENTS!  No wonder so many positive reviews here have the same theme, "My kids will only eat Earth's Best!" .. Well that's because they are all SWEETENED, which is one of the worst things you can feed to your child regularly.  They WILL develop a sweet tooth QUICKLY, and will start rejecting pure vegetables / other good things because of this.  There is no need to inject applesauce or other sweeteners into other foods.  That's just shameful, and there is only one reason for it - so the child will eat it and only want this brand.<br /><br />Best advice - if you must buy pre-made food, be sure the ingredients are just the main ingredient(s) and (if needed) water.  That's it.  Don't buy a vegetable that has "applesauce" or another silly ingredient added just to make the child love it and want that brand because it's sweetened.<br /><br />Shame on Earth's Best as a company.  Kudos to their marketing department for creating a name whereas consumers will automatically be drawn to them because they think it's a great product based solely on the name.
I found this tea when I explored a local grocery store on the north shore of Oahu on a trip to Hawaii last summer. Every now & then I like to add cream to my tea so the idea of a milk tea wasn't totally bizarre. (How you'd guess I'm American?) I enjoy white, black, flavored & herbal teas but am not a fan of most floral blends.<br /><br />I didn't know what to expect when the package said the ingredients included black tea, non-dairy creamer, rosehip extract & refined sugar. I've never considered putting non-dairy creamer into tea. Would it be a mess I dumped into the mug & stirred to death? Instead, I found all the ingredients in an oversized traditional paper tea bag held in a foil-like moisture proof package.<br /><br />After steeping ~3mins, I was thrilled to discover a light-flavored cup of tea, slightly fruity-scented, with a soothing feel to it and no floral tones to the taste. And no stirring, no clump at the bottom of the cup.<br /><br />A year later I found one of the packages in my luggage & found it just as tasty & easy to prepare as last year. I went online to buy some more & was thrilled to find that Amazon offered the same item & a couple of other flavors by the same company too!
These are probably the best crackers I've ever tasted.  They came in a Christmas gift basket, but I liked them so much that I had to google them to see how to get more.  This variety contains oregano, poppyseed, and garlic powder.  Because of how thin they are, there's nowhere for the flavor to hide!  Try them with smoked provolone.  I highly recommend them.
Google "propylene glycol" to find out why.  I bought this product, along with several others, without running the ingredients by my wife first (a nurse of 30 years) she<br />was surprised when she noticed it.. we went a googling, and poured my $50 order down the drain afterwards.  There's "pure" and then there's "not so much".....<br /><br />from the website:  [...]<br /><br />Propylene Glycol<br /><br />A cosmetic form of mineral oil found in automatic brake and hydraulic fluid and industrial antifreeze. In the skin and hair, propylene glycol works as a humescent, which causes retention of moisture content of skin or cosmetic products by preventing the escape of moisture or water. The Material Safety Data Sheet warns users to avoid skin contact with propylene glycol as this strong skin irritant can cause liver abnormalities and kidney damage.<br />Also used in:<br /><br />  Tyre sealant<br />  Rubber cleaner<br />  De-icer<br />  Stain removers<br />  Fabric softener<br />  Degreaser<br />  Paint<br />  Adhesive<br />  Wallpaper stripper<br /><br />I wrote the company about this concern and they never responded....
we love grilling all year long but can not get this in markets the price is great and they ship fast now i can get them year round with no salt
Since being diagnosed with high blood pressure, this product has been a staple in our home. I especially enjoy the grilling blends. For the price I got it for online it was a great deak, usually much more expensive in store, so buying in bulk from Amazon is the way to go.
Received 6 bottles of concentrate from Paragon. Mixed EXACTLY to their specs., and was extremely disappointed in four of the six flavors.<br /><br />I am truly saddened to have to encourage you to NOT purchase the Watermelon flavor.<br /><br />This item has be returned for a refund.
100% ground Arabica beans. Not my favorite, but not bad for a light/medium brew...smells WONDERFUL as it's flowing out of the Kaldi machine. Smooth and not bitter, slight floral(?) aftertaste.
I purchased some of this special habanero sauce this past year for my Super Bowl party. It was a hit! I thought I would try the mild since I like some zing, but didn't want to burn my mouth off. It was a great mix of some spicy zing with a sweet overtone. Went great with chips as a dip, as well as really good with as a dipping sauce with chicken wings.<br /><br />I am thinking about using this as a glaze as well for an upcoming pork tenderloin. I think this sauce is a great change of pace from the person who is sick of the same tastes that you get from the same stuff in the local grocery stores. Plus it is from a small business.....win win win!<br /><br />Thanks again Everidae Sauce for a great change of pace!
Mild Everidae sauce is like a condiment. It goes on everything and doesn't take over the flavor of the food but enhances it. I use this sauce on burgers, shredded pork, grilled chicken, baked chicken, eggs, as a pizza sauce substitute, and basically anything. My kids love the mild kick and flavorful enhancement of the mild sauce. My 10 and 6 year old put it on everything and rave! It will change your cooking and challenge you to try it on everything!
So I have sampled and bought my fair share of Everidae sauce and I have to say without a doubt it is the next best thing to put on food.  I will start off by saying I do know the maker of this sauce, and although that may seem like this review is a bit biased, i wanted to be the first to formally state the flavorful blend of this sauce can literally go on everything.<br /><br />I like spicy hotness, and unlike other condiments like Franks Red Hot, this doesn't mask the flavor of the food but adds to it.<br />I have used this sauce on hotdogs, hamburgers, chicken, tacos, and eggs.<br /><br />The mild is a little bit sweeter than the medium and hot(the hot being the heat that I particularly enjoy).  But this stuff can be added to almost any sauce or family recipe to give it that extra kick of spicy sweetness that will make your mouth water.
I have been a huge fan of Jelly Bellys since I was a kid, which was about 25 years ago.  I have always had a favorite.  At first it was peach, then banana.  Juicy pear came along and that was my favorite for about ten years.  I thought nothing would top it, ever.  Then I tried red apple.  It is sweet and tart and really delicious, my new favorite flavor.  A ten pound box is surprisingly tempting and I am sorry they are currently all sold out.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this Jelly Belly flavor. I have eaten "red apples" before but they were usually in a fruit. This was a candied bean with "red apple" flavors put inside. Despite the obvious witchcrafts, I tried this confection because I am not afraid of the unknown like so many people in the RELIGIOUS RIGHT (WRONG). I was surprised to find that this "red apple" had a delicious apple-like flavor and a chew not unlike a finely prepared hamsteak. Would I eat more of these? Yes, I would. I would also recommend this "red apple" to anybody who is adventurous and wants to experience a new and exciting way to feel the best parts of the fruit eating process. RED APPLE JELLY BEANS, THEY DO TASTE LIKE APPLES KIND OF BUT NOT COMPLETELY. STILL PRETTY GOOD.
This jelly tastes heavenly. You wont find anything this good at the grocery store. All I can say is I'll be ordering more shortly.
****Latest Update****<br /><br />We are now past the baby food stage so I may have missed this if it was formally announced, but I recently heard that they switched packaging in late 2011 to be completely BPA free.  I confirmed this with customer service.  Leaving the remaining review as it was...<br /><br />*********************<br /><br />My wife had made her own baby food for our daughter for the first eight months.  Then, when our daughter was going to begin daycare, there was a certain convenience factor of being about to send in jars of baby food for her and so we bought Earth's Best.  It was organic, and figured to be the closest bought brand to what she had been making herself.  The variety packs are a nice, easy way to stock different kinds for our baby to enjoy...  and enjoy she did for several of the flavors, though some she hated as well.  All in all, we were pleased, and baby seemed pleased.<br /><br />Needless to say, I was pretty surprised to read the review about BPA in the lids.  I spent some time trying to verify this myself.  A lot of different blogs stated it, and while I couldn't find anything definitive, here's what bothered me:  Clearly Earth's Best knows people are concerned about BPA in their lids...  their own facebook site is littered with people asking this same question.  The admin answers these the same way... food safety and baby health is of the highest priority, call us to discuss.  That's only slightly paraphrased.  Going to their website, they have zero articles on BPA and none in the FAQs section either...  nothing.  I'm not worried enough about the issue to stop using what we purchased, but I would have felt a whole lot better about the company and their products if they would acknowledge parents' concerns and tell parents...  something.  Hey, we check our food in laboratory testing regularly and the the amount of BPA found in our food is X, which is so low, there are no health concerns...  just say something...  anything.  Do you really want the onus on the customer to contact you to keep using your product?<br /><br />As I was taking the time to review their product, I decided I would call them to give them a fair chance to explain.  Something, I likely wouldn't have done if I wasn't writing a review.  Their office was closed...  9AM - 7PM est.  Not the most convenient times for a working parent, but I will attempt to follow up and update this accordingly.<br /><br />***UPDATED (old)****<br />Just spoke to someone from customer service.  She says that the liner that comes into contact with the food is BPA free, but that there is another section of the lid behind this liner, that does contain BPA, but that section of the lid does not come in contact with the food.  I'm sure not everyone will be okay with that answer, but I'm ok with it.  I still think it should be an answer that's readily available to consumers without calling them, but I will say there was no hold time at least.
Here is the response I got to my emailed question about BPA in the lids of their glass jars:<br /><br />While all of our Earth's Best Foods were and are safe; Earth's Best Organic® jarred baby food was converted to packaging that does not use BPA in October, 2011.<br /><br />That satisfies my concerns. They include a 1-800 number if people have further questions: please feel free to contact us at 1-800-434-4246, Monday through Friday from 7AM - 5PM Mountain Time.<br /><br />I don't know why they don't advertise this on the packaging, website, etc. It would reassure a lot of parents!
I have been very pleased with this variety pack of baby food. The pack contains three each of pears, peaches oatmeal banana, apples and apricots, and peaches bananas and raspberries. My 6 1/2 month old daughter loves all of them, especially the peaches bananas and raspberries! I have been very satisfied with Earth's best with one exception. The metal lids have a lining that contains BPA (as do ALL lids on glass babyfood jars), so if you're set on staying away from BPA, you'll want to get your baby food from companies that make pouches, like HappyBaby and Plum Organics. I make a lot of my own babyfood, so I feel that feeding her SOME food from glass jars is acceptable, especially for varieties that I can't make. I do also buy a lot of HappyBaby, and I'm very satisfied with the quality there also. All in all though, a very nice variety of good tasting fruits!
Awesome baby food, I bought it online to save a few bucks, but some of the jars were broken when they arrived. 5 stars for the food, 1 star for packing and shipping quality.
My little guy ate this all up before I could even write a review!  :)
I was disappointed to find out that the LIDS of Earth's Best jarred foods are coated with an epoxy lining that contains BPA :(<br />I thought I was avoiding the whole BPA issue because these are in glass rather than plastic containers. If it's in the lids, it's going to get in the food as the food moves around in the jar during packaging, shipping, storage, etc. I was planning on being a devoted Earth's Best jarred food user because it was organic and in glass, but then I found out about the BPA. As a note, if BPA doesn't bother you, most of Earth's Best food is tasty.
Packaging was fine but the baby food were rotten. However, Amazon.com does not let me return it. This is not right!!!! I have put the pic of the food on packaging review page. Buyers should all take a look at it.
Earth's Best Baby Food<br />My favorite brand of baby food by far. Both my son (who is now over 2 years old) and my daughter (now almost one) have used a wide variety of foods from Earth's Best. I am a huge proponent of feeding children primarily organic and/or locally grown foods to promote proper nutrition and growth. But I do not feel that all organic brands are equal. I've tried many varieties (including store brands and others only available through internet purchase) and found that Earth's Best is by far the best for your money.<br /><br />Fruit Variety Pack<br />Normally I would say this is a great idea, but I wasn't a fan of this particular variety. My son would have been just fine with it, but unfortunately for us at this point my daughter is allergic to raspberries and mangos. These are both things I think she'll grown out of, but something you may want to consider when purchasing this item. I would suggest trying an individual serving of one from your local store to see if your child has an allergy, but if they don't I would say buy it! Other than that I do think it's a great variety for kids who need some changing up occasionally. Also, the subscription price on this variety is great and can be altered depending on how soon you need it. We ended up running through another subscription we had and were able to have another shipped as soon as we needed it.
Just off the phone with them (Aug/12) and they said that yes they stopped putting BPA in the liners in Oct/11. Of course there is old stock on the shelves so I asked how to tell whether the liners we have are the "old" (with BPA) or the "new" (without BPA) and the person there said to look at the inside the surface of the lid. If it is all white then it is BPA free - if it is metallic or gold then it's the "old" lids which did contain a BPA layer. Thought this might help some of you out there!
I love Earth's Best products. That's the only product I use for my baby! My baby loves it and I never had any problem with it. It organic which makes it all that much better!
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I ordered this because I really like this brand and I have never had any issue with them.  My son usually like all the flavors.  I ordered this and the pears were sour/spoiled.  The other flavors my son refused to eat. I am sure there was something wrong with it.  So I am not sure what happened but I will NOT be buying these online anymore.
I love these foods my first son devoured them happily and now my second son also loves them. This fruit mix has a great variety my sons both love the peach oatmeal banana best. Overall a great product high quality ingredients and they don't taste half bad, I of course had to try them if my boys loved them.
Several broke during transit causing mold to grow over all the other jars. Jars are cheaper at Walmart.
My 8 month old loves these. He hardly swallows one bite before he's already opened his mouth for the next bite. I make my own baby food when I have time, but when I don't, this is a great alternative.
This was a good buy. The variety is still close enough so i didn't have to worry if baby will like the next one
I am a strong believer in giving my baby organic foods as much as possible. We used many of the Earth's Best flavors and baby really enjoyed most of them. What I found irritating though was how runny many of the flavors were; I often had to add oatmeal or rice just to keep the food on the spoon.  Water is added to many if not most of the flavors. I wondered if that was a necessity however "Plum" "Ella's Kitchen" and "Happy Baby" brands (also organic) do not have water as an added ingredient. We definitely used these, but to be honest, I prefered the other brands because I felt we were getting a better value considering we weren't paying for water in those packages.
I'm not the one who eats these so I can't give the best review but my son gobbles them up so I'll take that as a 5 star rating from him and I give it 5 stars since I know it's organic and I don't have to worry about what he's eating.  Now if I were to review his vegetables I might have to deduct a star for him but that's just because he doesn't seem to care for peas much.
With the Amazon Mom discount, this is cheaper than in stores unless there's a sale.  It regularly goes on sale at Kroger, Publix, and other grocery stores for around 50 cents a jar.  I wish there were other Earth's Best fruit varieties available on Amazon at this price.  No problems with breakage during shipping for me, but I found the packaging annoying.  In general though, I think Earth's Best is a good brand and that the price is fair for what you're getting:  organic, non-GMO baby food delivered to your door step!  As a single mom in a rural community, going to the grocery store with the baby can be such a hassle.<br /><br />Earth's Best is definitely better tasting and smelling than non-organic foods like Gerber.  The textures are good, but I had to stay on 1st foods longer than six months because the textures of almost all 2nd Foods made my son gag.  I had a similar issue graduating from 2nd Foods to 3rd Foods.  Sprout baby food, however, is the best quality I've tried for freshness, aroma, and taste.  It reminds me of pureed fresh produce.  While I've seen it in Winn-Dixie for the same price as Earth's Best, it's much more expensive on Amazon and the selection of flavors is relatively limited both in stores and online.  I'm going to start making my own organic baby food and freezing it, but I'll probably always keep a few jars of Earth's Best to get by in a pinch.
I love getting this case. It actually saved me money by buying it this way...and my son loved the fruit varieties. I felt good about giving him this, because it is organic. The price is also good for the product.
I bought this for my 8 month old grandson to try.  He loves it!  I'm so pleased that I am ordering it for my infant great-niece and also for part of an all organic baby shower gift.  This food is inexpensive, convenient, and organic.  Best of all . . . He likes it!  I'm setting up the recurring delivery method for my grandson.<br />CORRECTION!  The product I ordered two weeks ago was $7.76 a case.  Now the cost is $11.03.  That's quite a price hike.  Is there any way to be notified if the price goes back down?
We just started using these and my 7-month old daughter really likes them. I've tried a couple of bites and they are tasty with good flavor combinations. I love that they are organic. My only complaint not specifically related to the product is that when I got mine in the mail, one of the jars was broken and I had to clean the food off of the other bottles.
My one year old loves this product. She eats one every day and never gives me a problem. And I trust the ingredients which reassures me that she's eating something thats good for her.
I have a habit of trying everything myself before offering it to my LO. With this product I am sure that I am providing my LO with Good nutrition and Good taste.<br />He simply loves it .
It's gift for my princess.It tastes good and  baby love it.Packaging is also very carefully so they arrived home safely.
Our baby LOVES LOVES this food. We actually mix a jar with 1-2 scoops of rice cereal for breakfast and he gobbles it up. Earths best is the best!
Great variety of fruits, and my 8 month old loved them all. We bought this assortment pack as well as the vegetable one and it lasted well over two weeks.
my son can not get enough of these fruit purees.  i can not think of a higher standard of praise for this product!
I was very pleased with the price of this product. And the shipping speed was fast! I like that I didn't have to lug this back from the grocery store. Thanks, Amazon!
The bananas are a little runnier than most brands, but overall, my son loves this stuff.  And what a great price!
Liked the Baby food(yes for myself ;-P) really tasty and smooth consistency for an organic treat,except the Peaches and Apricots not soo much nice flavor and such.Really good though and timely shipping excellent buyer!!
My baby loves Earth's Best product.  The food is tasty and doesn't cause her constipation problem.  I'm happy that I can find the organic and affordable food for my baby.
we make our own fruits and veggies to use at home or at daycare.  however, storing them while we travel is challenging so we use the earths best on trips.  the flavor is wonderful, the ingredients are simple and organic and we feel good giving this to our 7 month old.  she loved all of the flavors in this variety pack so much that we are trying to replicate them at home.  we also keep these in the pantry as back up.
I am loving Earth's Best brand overall.  I set out with the goal of making all of our son's food.  However, when I returned to work full time the puree time was less.  So my go-to backup is Earth's Best Baby Food.  We're on stage two now, almost stage 3, and he loves them.  I appreciate the no added sugars / preservatives and that it's mostly organic.  He loves the taste and combos.  Good stuff, great product, LOVE IT!
The flavor combinations are good and taste pretty good too.  I did not give it 5 stars because I thought the consistency of the pears was a bit thin and runny for stage 2.  That is easily solved if you mix the fruit with some cereal.  My little girl loves them.
Great value if you buy it as a subscribe and save item, and I love that it automatically comes to me.  These are great and they taste really good, making me think that we bought a very high quality product for our child.
We love Earth's best. Its hard to beat their variety of flavors and organic offerings. You can also buy a vegetable variety pack, gourmet meals, or my favorite, the seasonal! Good Price on Amazon too, especially if you do subscribe and save!!
I like this one better than all the other ones by Earths Best. The variety is good and my son seems to enjoy them all.<br /><br />If i am going away for a weekend this is perfect for feedings. It is packaged well and again the variety helps!
The variety pack is the way to go when buying in bulk. My 9-month old daughter loves all of the flavors.
I bought this for my 1 year old and he loves it just as much as the other organic brands we've purchased, but I got this one for 30-50% less!  Great buy.
Beware of what you are being charged .... it says that it's $9.99 but 911Drugstore is charing you $39.99 plus $14 in shipping. (I've found this to be true for several other items on this site.)<br />I'm not sure if this is a misprint .... Amazon doesn't seem to think it's an issue since the seller can charge whatever they want for the item.  I disagree, and think it's Amazon's responisbility to get to the bottom of this.
My son happily eats all of the fruit/veggie varieties of Earth's Best, unlike the Organic Baby products, none of which he likes at all.<br /><br />Be careful to only get the fruit and veggie variety packs, not the dinner packs, as they have meat in them.
I just called up customer service and found that since October 2011, all the jars are BPA free. BUT...the jars manufactured before October,2011 are still available in the market. Usually all these products have a long shelf life as they are vacuum sealed. So the jars with BPA lining on the lids are still floating around in the market. The consumers cannot tell the difference. So what is the point in buying this when you do not know if you are giving your baby something that is BPA free or not??? This is very very disappointing from earth's best.
I usually feed Earth's Best baby food to my grandson. He has never had a reaction of any kind to any baby food I have given him. This is the first time I have tried this particular variety pack. I fed him the Peach Oatmeal Banana and Apples and Apricots for breakfast this morning. Shortly after I noticed he was scratching. I looked and he had a rash. I remembered reading a baby food review where someone mentioned an allergy so I checked and yes it is this variety pack. I don't know what is in it that would cause this type of reaction. Unfortunately I fed him two different jars so I don't know which one caused it but I don't want to take a chance of him having another one so out they go. Just thought I would let others know.
I was reading the other day about which items you shoud buy organic<br />and fruits and vegtables were the top of the list. So dahh..it dawns<br />on me what have I been feeding my baby ? We changed to Earths best<br />I feel better, feeding the best.<br />Also we use Earths best Formula..when we changed our baby now sleeps<br />thru the night...and that REALY makes me happy !
We are huge fans of earth's best.  My daughter loves them.  It's a great variety.  I would definitely reccomend this
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:32 Mins<br /><br /></span>This video demonstrates how to apply a Siliskin to a glass baby food jar.  These Siliskins are designed to fit a variety of glass baby food jars and protect the glass while traveling or storing.  The Siliskin protects the glass jar against dings and bumps while in the diaper bag or tote as well as giving added protection against occasional drops.  The Siliskins can be reused over and over again and are dishwasher, freezer and microwave safe.  Siliskins are also non-toxic and BPA free.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004CVKAI0">Silikids Siliskins for Glass Baby Food Jars, Aqua/White, 2 Pack</a>
Amazon normally does a fantastic job getting product out to me in great shape and on-time, but, I guess this is one product that they can not.<br /><br />Several jars had compromised seals and so we had to immediately throw them out.  I wish I could order this by mail but it seems this is one item we'll need to go to the grocery store for.
I like their variety package, but also heard that there is BPA in the lid. I will switch to other BPA free products.
There is BPA in the lids and company claims it doesn't touch the food so it's okey. Why do they even write ORGANIC 6 times around the lid? Not honest to their costumer. I wouldn't even give 1 star if l could.
I have a 6.5 month old who eats #2 food all of the time. I bought this variety pack and noticed that the peach oatmeal is thick like a paste. Coincidentally, as I was thinking that as I was feeding him he started choking and gasping for air.  He couldn't breathe and I had to give him the heimlich maneuver and luckily he started crying.  VERY SCARY and those jars went right in the garbage.
This food is phenomenal but WAY overpriced. I pay $7.99 a case in New York City and it is often on sale for less than $6 a case at BabiesRus in New York City. Grocery prices are obscene in NY so if I am paying less here, this is no deal.
They have a bad taste,i finish giving them away because my son started to cry everytime i tried to give these.I prefer Beech nut or Gerber.Yuck!
Coriander is a spice many people pass up or simply overlook and very rarely use except when they might make a corned beef brisket every so often. Sometimes you will find a bit of it in popular seasoning blends as well but it's usually a task to find just a small bottle of reasonably priced coriander in grocery stores which deters folks even more from experimenting with this terrifically tasty and fragrant spice. The Frontier coriander powder is wonderfully citrusy and robust, full, very rounded and well-balanced  and very palatable, mouth watering flavor with hints of lemon, not extremely overpowering of all of your other flavors in whatever your making either, which is very nice because this allows you to use it liberally if wanted. It goes good on meats and vegetables and also smells great when you throw a handful in the bbq smoker and let the coriander smoke do its job on the meat and veggies on the bbq. The Frontier coriander powder is of exceptional value and quality, if you like coriander and think you'd like to start experimenting with it in your recipes I'd recommend buying some and re-discover the world of delicious coriander.
Coriander is my favorite spice after cumin and I go through loads of it. I put it in practically everything I cook. The only problem is it's so freaking expensive. If you buy it in a grocery store you need to pay 5 bucks for a dinky little container! So I shopped around a bit online until I found this and it's the best deal I could come up with.<br /><br />I mean, two whole pounds of coriander for under 12 bucks!? It sounds too good to be true. However, the price was too low to resist and I figured that even if it was poor quality, I could just use a double or triple amount, because TWO POUNDS.<br /><br />Anyways, the coriander itself comes in two 1-pound metallic bags. So far I've only opened one and the other is chilling in my freezer. The coriander is fragrant and flavorful, even better than I expected. The only danger is that I might overspice as I eagerly throw handfuls of the stuff into everything I make. Why? Because I have TWO POUNDS! If I ever run out I will definitely consider buying this again.<br /><br />The only real con is that there is so much coriander that it might take too long to use and lose flavor over time. I honestly don't think that will be a problem for me considering how much I use, but it might be smart to split the order among multiple people. For this price, you really can't go wrong.
After coming back from living in England for several months, I craved me some coriander (carrot & coriander soup, coriander-spiced omelettes...)  But even in the Bay Area, this spice been surprisingly hard to find, especially at a decent price!<br /><br />Buying it in bulk from this seller, the price is unbeatable, and the quality seems comparable to the name-brand, top-notch stuff in England.  One thing to note is that the coriander comes in metallic pouches (not resealable), so if you want to keep it in a resealable bag/container, you'll have to provide your own.<br /><br />Also, I wish I had found someone to split this with me, since it seems like even 1 bag will last me forever!
Unless you can use it all, plan on sharing. Great ingredient for my southwest spice mix recipes, and any dish you might want to spice up.
The quality of these spices is excellent and rather than buying smaller amounts at huge comparative cost and inferior in quality at a supermarket, this is really the way to go! I store unopened packages in the freezer for freshness. Along with cardamom, this is a spice I use daily so I appreciate the deal here.
Happy with this purchase, it's a good deal. It's the most fragrant coriander ever! Coriander is a super spice, tri-dosha (and a health supplement as well, research it, it's a ground cilantro seed). We use it in lots of dishes.<br />Thank you!
This is the best-tasting brown rice I have ever had.  Kind of a nutty flavor.  This is the only rice I have ever had that tastes great all by itself.
This is OK rice.  It cooks fairly well in my cooker, not as good as some other tho.  But the taste is really very earthy.  I don't mind that too much, but this is almost too strong tasting.
I Love Basmati rice and to get the Organic is the Best.  This product is great tasting and the aroma was amazing!  The only reason that I won't purchase it again is:  the amount in the package is very little and for as much as I steam rice (for not only my kids and me but our French bulldogs) it is just Not enough for the price you have to pay.  Way too expensive.  So, I go to Vitamin Cottage and get the Ludenburg Organic Brown Basmati rice in a 2 lb bag for 4.45...great deal and great product!
This product is very good. I have really been pleased. As usual of Amazon,it arrived in good timely fashion. Thank you.
I eat basamati brown rice quite often and found this to be relatively flavorless.<br />It cooked very well in my rice cooker, but did not embody that wonderful nutty aroma and flavor.  The grains are finer and have less body than what I have enjoyed in other brands...maybe personal preference.  Would not try again.
I just picked this up at my local grocery store because it was the only organic brown rice they had and I was pleasantly surprised! It cooks really well, not sticky at all (I use a bit of coconut oil and cook it in organic vegetable broth.) Tastes great! I am not typically a brown rice lover but this kind was really good. My kids and husband ate it and asked for seconds as well.  Was delighted to see it on Amazon and for such a great price with subscribe and save!
It is great thin and tasty brown rice. Just follow the recipe on the packet and it cooks perfect. Thank you.
The "reviewer from Florida" was being extremely kind in their review.<br />This gruel is not even fit for farm animals.  I've lived in Hawaii most<br />of my life and have shopped mostly in the local health food stores-so i have had<br />many many different batches of Basmati rice.  What Amazon has sent me is NOT<br />edible in my opinion.  It is not long grained as Basmati should be and does not<br />cook as it should - it fully cooks too soon and does not need the full amount of<br />water that Basmati usually does.<br />I am tempted to contact the FDA to see what it really is!<br /><br />My apologies to the "reviewer from Florida" - i should have listened to you and<br />passed on all this frustration - Amazon does not allow returns on groceries.<br />Needless to say - i am now stuck with several pounds of inedible rice.
Here is a great way to get that tast of your childhood without all the sugar.<br />Even without blood sugar problems i want to cut back on any excess sugar.<br />This allows you to have a drink option (other than water) with a perky taste that<br />is low calorie and sugar free.<br /><br />Parents dont tell the kids and just serve it, they will never know the diffrence.<br />Its that good
I love fact that this drink is neither too tangy or tos sweet.The combimation of both is perfect and therefore quenches yor thirst  without leaving an unpleant after taste. t
My entire family and my extended family (Cousins) love the entire product flavor line. Why have they taken this product out of the stores? Several large food store chains have taken the products off their shelves. Why?
We absolutely love the sugar free cherry Kool-Aid but have a very hard time finding it in stores.<br />When we discovered it on line we bought a bunch. It is a wonderful product! Hope they keep making it!<br />Delicious!
I was going through about 2 litres per day of various soda drinks.  Switching to this has really brought down my caloric intake and I have dropped about 5kg with this being the only change in my diet.
I've been searching for alternatives for high calorie high sugar drinks.  After tasting many different products, this one is my favorite by a long shot.  I can't believe it has no sugar at all.  The little packets make a nice quantity of the beverage.  Some of the other brands I have tried gave me heartburn or they weren't sweet enough.  This one is perfect.  I tried the cherry flavor also which is good, but not as good as the tropical.  You have to be careful with spilling it because it does tend to stain, but any traditional stain remover did just fine at preventing the stains from setting in to carpet, clothes, and countertops.<br /><br />Ditch the sugary alternatives and you can save hundereds of calories per day just by using this instead.  Cutting calories just became a lot more easy!<br /><br />Edit:  I still use this product multiple times a day.  It's great to have a premixed drink in the fridge that you can go to that tastes great, and you don't have to worry about calorie intake, or getting the kids all hyped up from sugars.  I also took 2 packets on vacation and mixed it on site.  Saved time and money instead of stocking a fridge up when you would just have to throw away the unused portion at the end of the trip.  I just wish they made a orange and maybe a berry flavor as well.
i cant keep enough of this in my house. my kids drink it like its going out of style. i love it cause its so easy to make just water and the packet the best part is that is sugar free.
The Tropical Punch flavor tastes just like I remember as a kid.  Easy to use, and fully dissolves in cold water (although I'll use a chopstick or knife to stir the mix while the water is filling).
I love this kool-aid mix and they stopped selling it at my local Albertsons (boooooooooooo) luckily I found it here and it is even cheaper than it was in store!!
Was looking for a way to bulk purchase Sugar-Free Kool Aid. This fit the bill and then some. I am trying to cut back on soda for the family, so this was an excellent way to do it. Cheaper than the store (although not by much) and always available (something the local grocery store could try). This was my second set of these and they are just as fast and just as good as the first. Oh and the Sugar-Free part, can't tell the difference, Great product!
I chose to purchase in quantity as it is cheaper than the grocery store.  I liked the product so I knew what i was getting.
I am glad to be able to get one of my favorite drinks again.  For some reason a few years ago all of the stores in my area stopped carrying the sugar free KoolAid.  I like the new pouches that are in the tubes rather than the old tubs that were stacked, they are easy open and pour nicely into the bottom of the pitcher.  There is less of the particles stirred up into the air from the pouches, as they stream the powder out rather than it just dumping in a blob from the tubs.
Great basic hydration for summer. Satisfied with the amount of sweetness. I mix with water and ice cubes for instant satisfaction.
I have been having blood sugar and yeast issues, and I've had to cut out sugar.  I had never tried sugar-free Kool-Aid before, so I was a bit nervous about this one.  Luckily I found the taste to be really good.  Even my picky kids love it!<br /><br />I love the fact that these come pre-sweetened in individual pouches.  You just tear one open and stir it into 2 quarts of water.  It couldn't be faster or easier!  It even dissolves well in cold water.<br /><br />I just ordered a case of the cherry flavor, too.  My kids and I can't get enough of the tropical punch flavor, so we're excited to try cherry, too.
My local Harris Teeter stopped carrying and said they could not get this product any more.  So happy to find it on Amazon.com!!
This reminds me of Summertime in my childhood when my mother would bring a ice-tinkling pitcher of Kool-Aid out to the backyard, and serve it to us while we sat splashing in the wading pool!  So, I was very pleased that Amazon offers this, since it is getting harder and harder to find in the Seattle area. I do most of my grocery shopping on-line at Safeway, and they don't offer it or any Suger-Free Kool-Aid flavors. I think the price is a little high, but I ordered it on sale and also subscribed to have it delivered bi-monthly, so the price is more reasonable. I also purchased the grape flavor, but Tropical Punch is still my favorite. Next time I will get the Cherry flavor, because I like it mixed with Crystal Lite lemonade! It disolves very well in cold water, and to me does not taste sugar-free at all.  And of course it is even more refreshing and delicious served up in my vintage 1960's Kool-Aid pitcher and little Kool-Aid cup!!!
I would never buy this cake. It looks horrible. Some of the fondant work on this seller's other cakes is shabby the piping is horrible...worse than a cake you would buy at the grocery store. The flowers look like red and green blobs. How can you possibly think you should sell these to people?
I'm so glad I found this seller.  I just purchased my Keurig about a week ago and wanted to try some different flavors without committing to an entire box.  It was fun picking out all the flavors I wanted to try.  If you go over to her website, [...], there is a much easier to read list of flavors and types of coffee that she has in stock.  After purchasing, I immediately sent an email to the seller with my flavor requests. I received an email response shortly after and everything was packed and ready to go less than three hours later!  How's that for customer service? And the shipping was lightning fast!  I just received my package today (Monday) after ordering Thursday night.  All cups are accounted for and I'm already enjoying one of the cups I received.  If you are new to Keurig, or want to experiment with some new flavors, this is a wonderful way to pick exactly the ones you want!
I have two indoor small dogs, Poodle and Maltese, and they have high anxiety, especially my maltese and these seem to help! Even if it doesnt they sure love 'em. My maltese before he ate it set it down and rolled all over it, I think he likes it! I'd give it 5 stars but its just a little pricey.
I LOVE green tea and green tea beverages. When I saw this on sale I was happy to try it. Once I received it and tasted it I was not so happy. First off tasted like the smell of dirty water. Best way I can describe it lol This has cane juice yet tastes like it doesn't have anything. Added calories for what no flavor? No Thanks. So yeah all in all pretty flavorless (beside the dirty water smell taste). Was a huge disappointment. Worse yet I bought 2-12 pk cases. Now I have to doctor the rest up. Maybe just buy some lemons and make them into a green tea lemonade? Oh well, I tried.
This product is very flavorful and you don't need much of it in your recipe it's really strong, it's organic.
It's got the typical Jif taste, which to me is unremarkable -- it's ... just peanut butter -- however, the single serve containers are convenient and transport well. The consistency is great -- it's not runny yet it's also not a solid hunk-a peanut butter with floating oil either. Good for dipping pretzels or celery/other veggies, and -- in the absence of a spreder -- you can just tear off the top and squuush the contents onto bread.<br /><br />The price is right.
Maybe it's just me, but I have used this extract in my oatmeal (same amount as McCormick extracts) and I can't taste any flavor at all.  Very disappointing.
I used this in making a wedding cake for some friends.  It tasted awesome mixed into the fodant!  I would purchase other flavorings from this vendor.
In the attempt to make blueberry cake for my brother, I used the WHOLE bottle and STILL didn't have a blueberry cake.  I added about half the bottle to the cake mix (white cake--NOT vanilla), and the other half to the frosting (white frosting--NOT vanilla) and it still only had a HINT of blueberry flavor.  I was completely disappointed in all the time, effort and money spent making it, and it barely tasted blueberry.  I would have thought that using the WHOLE bottle would have made a blueberry flavor.  I guess I will have to see if I can find actual blueberry extract and not blueberry FLAVORED extract.  Will not be wasting my money on this again.  :(
arrived on time,smells like a good addition to my baking supplies.  came in excellent condition.  will use in syrups, etc.
We have been looking for pesto that tastes as good as what we had in Tuscany. This is from the same region as our favorite. The consistency is just a bit runny. It has moderate chunks of garlic. It was quite tasty!
Something is Very Wrong  The product is excellent.  I have been buying it for several years, first at Whole Foods, and then when they dropped the product, I have been purchasing it online.  In fact, I purchased it in its original larger size jar.  When the size was decreased to 8.82 OZ,  the selling price remained the same at Whole Foods.  I also purchased ALL flavors as this product is really delicious.<br /><br />The price has been going up CONSIDERABLY. I purchase 36 jars per order to save on shipping. With each order there is always another price increase.<br /><br />My recent order of September 2012 for 36 jars was apparently packed at the warehouse and sent to the store. The store did not repack it. Each box of six was sealed with warehouse tape identifying the item. It stated the name of the store it was shipped to as well as the flavor. The following information shocked me, and I quote:<br /><br />RIGONI FRUIT SPRD 8.82 OZ Pack 6 Retail 5.99<br /><br />Did you note the price? Retail 5.99!!!! It did not state wholesale, it said RETAIL PRICE. No one sells it for 5.99, yet the warehouse stipulates that is the retail price. Am I missing something here?  How many hundreds of dollars have I wasted???  I guess it is a matter of what the market will bear.....OUTRAGEOUS!  Of course there is the additional shipping chg.  On principal alone I will give up on this product. The GREED is beyond comprehension.<br /><br />I gave the product a low rating, even though the product is excellent because it is incredibly OVERPRICED.
Good stuff, but may be a bit expensive in relation to more local products.  Love the no sugar added, but found product at local store for half the price.  Would continue to purchase if I did not have cheaper option.
This hit my sweet cravings perfectly. Definitely keeping this around. Yum.  I would definitely reccomend this to anyone wanting a quick snack that isn't a lot of calories.  Get the 94% fat free and it's only 100 calories.
I really liked this popcorn, and the price is much better than purchasing at a regular supermarket.  If you have at least a 1,000 watt microwave, it is best to use Power level 7 (70%) to start with, and set a timer for one minute until you arrive at the best power level and time for your particular microwave.  Otherwise, smoke or worse may lead you to believe this is a bad product.
This popcorn is great, and even comes in Smart Pop at lower calories. I always have both for the me and the grandkids.
I know the price varies for stage 1 foods but sometimes they are a lot cheaper on amazon then in the stores. I wasn't sure how many were in the package so I decided to just buy one.  There are 8 packs of 2 in this package so for the price, you are getting 16 containers.  I personally wasn't sure if I was getting a great price or paying slightly  more then if I went to the supermarket.  I like these gerber containers of baby food.  It's easier to get the food out, they do make some organic varieties, and you seem to get almost double the amount of food for the same price as jars.  If you only use half the lid snaps back on easy like a desposible food container.
These prunes saved so many of my baby's uncomfortable constipation days when he started on solids. The puree seems to be easier to consume than prune juice and we used to give it to our baby with yogurt. It soon became his favorite food and eased his symptoms.  I highly recommend this product to parents who are having a hard time with their babies' constipation.
Our pediatrician recommended we feed our constipated 6 month old prunes. He wasn't too thrilled with the taste but it did the job:P
I think BJs has a better deal on mixed fruit packs by Gerber, but if your child really loves peaches, this is great!
I believe gerber may have mixed apricots with the peaches. It now has a sour after taste and my son hates it.
These are really awesome - the flavor is unexpected, but perfect; gives a boost to "plain old" pork rinds - lots more crunch with way less the calories of salt/vinegar chips!!!  In addition, the company is quite pleasant to deal with, and all the other products I've tried are delicious and a good bargain, too.
I found out about this spice blend in Dallas a few years back when I persuaded a waitress to tell me what the restaurant was using on the grilled shrimp.<br /><br />I like this Cajun spice for grilling fish. Recommend, but store it in a dry place and replace it every year or so at least, or it will lose its flavor.
We love this seasoning. Easy, fast and great on chicken, fish, pork, etc. Just melt a stick of butter and stir in this seasoning until it becomes a loose paste. Brush on protein, and sear on a hot pan. Cast iron is best. Always skin side down. when dark, place in a 400 oven until cooked to correct temp. Enjoy!
I ordered these gummi bears after first trying them at Yogurtland. I was a little weary about ordering them because of the last two reviews. But I received a perfectly packaged item. They were not melted and didn't have a powdery texture to any of the gummi bears. They are my husband's favorite! We have been enjoying them since we received them and I'll be ordering more for events that are coming up.
These baby gummy bears are by far the best I've ever had. I had first purchased the 1.5 lb bag here, on Amazon, but I realized as soon as it arrived that it wasn't going to be enough. However 5 lbs on a subscription basis? Oh yeah.
I bought these to add to my Easter favors. I love the colors for that reason - basic and pastel - all of which are different flavors.  I didn't eat any myself but my friends who received the favors LOVED them!  I have a Prime Account so the gummies shipped very quickly so there was no melting going on (other reviews mentioned this).  Can't complain about the price for a 5 pound bag. It was a great deal and if I needed buy gummies in bulk again I would definitely buy these mini bears.
My boyfriend tried these gummy bears at our favorite frozen yogurt place and said they were the best gummy bears ever. I sued them to tell me what kind they were and found them on amazon. Then bought a 5 lb. bag of them for him haha. He wanted to go get frozen yogurt every other day just for the gummy bears. Anyway, they are really flavorful gummy bears!
These bear cubs are great! They're just like the kind you can get at novelty candy stores only much cheaper than their $8-9/lb. In my opinion, the flavors of Albanese gummy bears are much better than Haribo's bears. I haven't experienced any powdery residue or a melted goop as previous reviewers had. My bears came to me in perfect condition and perfect packaging. If you like mini gummy bears, I suggest you give these a try.
These are the best gummie bears I have evvvveeerr had. We sell them where I work so I had to get my hands on some. The flavors are so vibrant and just pop in your mouth
They have some textured powder stuff on them that makes them taste bad.. bad after taste. I guess it's so they don't stick together. Never again
So as soon as the delivery guy gave me the package I opened it ready to eat some gummy bears and all I got was a big goo of gummy bears. Due to the heat of the delivery truck it all melted into gel. Of course it is not refundable so now all i have is a bag a liquid-multicolored goo. thanks for making me throw away 15 dollars. Good game amazon. So think about if its summer or kinda warm, stop and wait till december.
I have 3 chihuahuas and I thought these would be better for them since they are smaller than a full ear. They still were too much for the little guys. I would say a dog 20-30+ pounds should be able to handle them better than my 8lb guys.<br />They had a strange smell and felt slightly oily to the touch. I don't know if that was something added to them to preserve them or it was natural.<br />My chihuahuas are fussy and they liked them I was just worried about blockages since they seemed to swallow large chunks of them. They didn't have any problems and my 4lb was able to handle them I just wouldn't buy them again since my guys are too small. The bags were a good size for the price. I bought three and should have bought one bag.<br />I rated them 4 stars since they were of good quality just better for larger dogs in my opinion.
When we lived in CA we found this packaged brownie mix at our local chi-chi grocery store. On am impulse we purchased them and made them that night. AMAZINGLY good. Made with a cube of butter so be warned! YUMMMY! We went back and bought all the packages on the shelf and had the owners reorder many times for us. We have since moved to another state and have been trying to hunt these down. What a pleasure to find them on our old haunt Amazon. Order, order, order so they will stay available here!
The taste is not horrible but it is not very good. There is not a very good mango flavor. I would not buy again.
How can you not like this at what great price they sold it at? I also split it up and sent some to my daughter.  It is one of my favorite cooking spices along with oregano, but I tend to make alot of stews and soups.  One must have spice is Thyme of course.  The oregano is for tomato sauce along with basil...  This was a deal.
I dont take it to lose weight, this is a laxative tea, as all the ones labeled "weight loss tea" .I'm very constipated and taking this tea everyday has helped me very much, with no cramps or other negative effects. It's strong and dont recommend it for ocassional constipation or for losing weight. Warning: when it works you "have" to go.
Oh my gosh.  I bought this tea and drank my first cup in the late afternoon.  By evening I was having the worst stomach cramps and diarrhea.  I belatedly looked at the ingredients and the first one is senna leaves.  During internet research I discovered that some individuals may experience discomfort or cramping after using senna products.  Also the following admonition - don't take senna for more than a week or so or your body could end up relying on it to contract your bowels.<br /><br />Side effects can include:<br />*diarrhea<br />*intestinal cramps or gripping pains<br />*rash<br />*severe weight loss<br /><br />Senna should not be used by persons with Crone's disease, Diverticular disease and other similar diseases.<br /><br />Senna is not a daily or causal supplement and excessive use can cause liver damage.<br /><br />I wanted to die my insides hurt so bad.  Any weight loss you may accomplish with this tea may not be worth the pain.  Be aware before you use.  I threw my remaining 29 tea bags away!
Fennel tea is the best herbal tea I have been able to find and Seelect is the best-tasting brand of those I have tried.
I dont like the taste of this at all.  I have some other fennel tea from another company not on amazon and it is fantastic.  Cant remember exact name but think it is something like MB - is a french company and I got it in canada and by mail order after that.  It is much better to my taste.  Never dreamed there would be this much variance among fennel seeds as only ingredient.
I actually, Gasp, tried this stew. I got to try this at the Texas Scottish Festival in Arlington earlier this year at the Caladonian Kitchen booth (then bought a few cans). The stew was quite good considering it comes from a can. Probably a fairer star rating would be 5 stars, if comparing just against other canned stews. I'm not entirely fair though, because I'm comparing it against stews I've had at irish restuarants. So, I have had better. But, still a good product in it's own right. I also liked the whiskey cake from the same company.
This is not for me. It was like eating a bowl of fat. Not my preference. Everyone is different. Personally i dont like this at all.
this egg pasta ingredient was "powdered egg product" and as such not as tasty as those containing the real thing.  i don't like anything powdered, but price was RIGHT.  can't have it all i guess.
My 2 cats really like this cat food best of all! I have regular deliveries in order to be sure to have an ample amount available.
This is the only flavor my cat will eat.  She goes<br />crazy over this flavor.  I think because it is easy<br />to eat instead of a big chunk.  This looks like little<br />square slices of beef.  It smells good too.  Whenever<br />I open a can of this, she comes running!  She's meowing<br />at me repeatedly if she sees the can in my hand, and I<br />imagine that she is saying "Hey, hurry up and open that<br />can! I know what you got there.  You can't fool me.<br />Gimme that yummy food!"  But of course, she's saying<br />that in cat language.  Because I love her, I can totally<br />understand what she's saying.  What cat lover doesn't?<br />We definitely have that connection with our cats, don't<br />we?  To her, Tender Slices is the ultimate gourmet meal.
The cats don't like this flavor. I would have preferred an assortment of flavors. The product itself is good. I just have finicky cats. And I am weaning them off wet food, anyway. My older cat is getting too big! Notice I didn't say fat!  ;-)
This product is positively wonderful!  Use it anywhere you might use ordinary balsamic, but use it sparingly as it packs a very fruity punch.  Apply just a bit to some fresh berries and pour it over vanilla ice cream for a fantastic desert treat.
i had these on the airline and was so excited to not have the juice! i spent a month in italy and bought the olives w out juice but they seem to be hard to find in the USA...these are great since there is no juice! you can take them anywhere and not worry about the mess. i have been super happy with these. the flavor is pretty bold so I only eat 1-2 packs a week. I am going to try another flavor. i definitely recommend trying them! i love olives and this is a great idea
Although I like olives, often I only want 3 or 4 due to their intense flavor. These olives have a great flavor that keeps you coming back for more. I love to snack on them at work and have no problem finishing the whole package each time.
These olives are delicious! They are not overwhelmingly spicy.  My 8 year old son just ate an entire bag today for a snack.  They are not packed in juice but are moist and flavorful.  The bags are small enough that they are perfect for tossing in a lunch box or bag.  The calories listed for consuming the entire bag is only 100.
I was really disappointed in these olives. The are very mushy and I prefer a more firm texture. Cat Cora's olives are much, much better.
Olives are yummy and a good diet snack, but I just can't quite give this 5 stars. Why?<br /><br />Because first of all, the flavor is occasionally too overly strong with some of the packs I've picked up. I love the taste of chili powder mixed with olives, but sometimes the flavor just isn't as consistent from pack to pack. I'm fine with some changes in taste, but some packs have it packed on while others have been fairly weak. This isn't enough to keep me away from this flavor, but it can be aggravating.<br /><br />The only other issue I have is that I wish that this was resealable. I don't often eat all of these in one sitting and I don't really like having to bring a second bag with me in order to seal up the portion I don't eat. It would be nice if the bag was resealable via a ziplock top or a small piece of adhesive fixed to the bag. I didn't deduct a star for this, but it's something I'd like to see.<br /><br />Otherwise this is a great product. The olives are always freshly kept in the bag and are of a good size. There's no puny little olives here, which I like because it's easy to get full when I eat these as a snack.
The smell alone will make you salivate, it is that good. It comes with rock sugar mixed in, so I don't ever use any added sweeteners.
I needed something that would last a long time. My dog cannot stop chewing, she has to have something in her mouth. She eats anything that she can get in her mouth. rock, plants,wood chips, walnuts, apples, grasses. These work really good. I'm order somemore on line here, petsmart quit caring them. I also found out that pork in better for your dog. Instead of beef bone or anything with beef.
I first came across Lover's Leap Estate tea when buying it from Harney & Sons. I enjoyed that tea very much for its flavorful and clean lightness, reminiscent of an Afternoon Darjeeling. The reason I went with the Elmwood Inn now was that Harney only sells this tea in tins and I wasn't interested in adding a tin to my collection every time I purchased this tea.<br /><br />Of course I cannot be sure that this is exactly the same tea but I must say that the Elmwood Inn fell short of my expectations. It tastes rather uninteresting and almost flat, and in order to get any kind of recognizable flavor, I have to use plenty of leaves. Yet it still never achieves any flavor experience that would justify buying this tea over, lets say, loose Twinings for much less. I will not buy this particular tea again and will continue to search for an equivalent to Harney's Lover's Leap.
It's difficult to find 20 words to say about Mauna Loa Macadamia Nuts, Milk Chocolate Toffee, other than DELICIOUS. They didn't last long. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
First, Yuban is my favorite coffee. To be able to buy a case and save is great. The coffee was in date, the seals on the cans were excellent, and the freshness of the coffee was excellent. I will definitely buy more Yuban coffee when I need it from Amazon groceries.
I got a case of Yuban cans from Amazon for an amazing price and now that I've been reintroduced to Yuban I'm sticking with it.  It's Colombian which is the coffee I prefer anyway but Yuban  must have a special formula for roasting and grinding that results in such excellent coffee.  Cans have the foil seals that you can peel off so you don't need to use a can opener and of course plastic lids to reseal.  Sniffing this coffee as I scoop it into my coffee maker is half the delight!!  Just so excellent and suits my tastes perfectly.  Buying the case is very convenient too!!!!
This is the coffee we crave in our house. It is a strong brew, yet not bitter. Yuban is the best ground coffee we have tasted, yet.
And a great price from amazon. My wife and I had dinner last night at a very high end restaurant and while everything was magnificent we both thought the coffee wasn't as good as our Yuban. I often wonder about Starbucks whose coffee I find undrinkable. My son says it's an acquired taste.
While working as a busboy in a high end resturant in the 1960's the resturant ran low on coffee. The manager sent me out to purchase YUBAN and only YUBAN saying it was the BEST! I have been drinking YUBAN for nearly 50 years and have always found it to be an exceptionally rich, smoothe Columbian coffee. There can only be one! YUBAN!
Great Price, The best Maxwell House makes. It is a very good coffee for the price, less then $3.50 a can.
I love the taste of this coffee.  It does not have a bitter taste and the size of the can, which per ounce is the same as if you bought the large can, keeps it fresher as a smaller amount is exposed to the air.
My Dad has been a Yuban fan for as long as I can remember. The stronger the better! When you break the spoons stirring it, it's just right! He even goes so far as to plan his shopping and the stops on the trips that he takes, at stores that serve Yuban coffee. Why, I don't know, I'm a sweet-tea-ice-no-lemon guy so I have no opinion on coffee, Yuban or not, one way or another. I can say that it smells good brewing but then so does Play-Doh and some of the old magic markers. I'm just trying to report about what I've been exposed to.<br />Here I buy the packs of 12, every 6 months for him and give them to him at Christmas and Father's day. They stay fresh and save the public from being exposed to the mad, half-clothed emergency trips to the store that my 70 year Widower father makes to score the base component for his and the "house guest of the moment's" (see *1 below) daily ritual sunrise aperitifs. We've asked about his dedication to Yuban coffee to which he replies, "it's perfect black, but better with something in it!" He is apparently referring to its flavor when mixed with any of the typical 'southern flavorings' (taxed and untaxed, regulated and unregulated) that he occasionally adds to his morning brew. He is definitely one satisfied customer and it makes my life easier (one less present to find each occasion) so take his actions and my word for it!<br /><br />(*1)...If she only comes over for breakfast it sure seems like a long way to drive, and please, tell me again, why does she bring so many clothes? No sir, I did not know that, do tell. When exactly did the CDC recommend showering before breakfast?
7/11/07: Great pre-ground Coffee in small enough containers to stay fresh until used.  I drink a lot of coffee, so the convenience of having one rich enough to buy pre-ground coffee means a lot to me.  On my own I go through one can a week so Amazon, let's make this a subscription !  Be sure to check the free shipping or you might get a shock though...haha.<br /><br />6/16/09: Gotta say the price has gone up on this way too much!  I ordered a case at $50 and checked the local supermarket - they were 87 cents per CAN cheaper!
Yuban is one of the best coffees available, but not sold in all areas. Amazon's case price is unbeatable!!  I get a case every 8 weeks, always on time!!
Have you ever had a great-cup-of-joe from a freshly opened can of gourmet coffee, only to wonder what happened to that 'fresh' taste as you dig deeper into the can? I have experienced this with other main stream brands but not with 'Yuban Original' coffee! The last pot of coffee has always tasted as good as the first one. There is also a unique quality to this coffee that I have a fondness for. Of course, there will always be something 'better' out there, but it's usually at a higher price. Though the coffee is consistent, it is the wide price range ($0.18 - $0.40 / oz) of this coffee that keeps me at bay with a more cautious 3 stars.<br /><br />NOTE:<br />With the "Subscribe & Save" option, you can trim costs and be assured of free shipping. Previously, I had subscribed to the 33 oz cans - right up until the option was discontinued by Amazon. I have since switched my subscription to this size and updated this review accordingly.
This coffee reminds me of Dunkin Donuts coffee, which is all the rage now.  I like both DD and Yuban about equally, but I opt for Yuban because of the price.  This is really great coffee at a reasonable price.  It's a light roast.  If you've never tried Yuban, maybe try one can before committing to the 12-pack.  If you've tried it and like it, then you know this is a good deal.
I love cofee.  Yuban is one of the better ones. Maxwell House is also not too bad and there are some other ones that are pretty decent.  Yuban is rich, robust, and stronger than most other coffees I have tried yet not bitter. Overall, I highy recommend it.
I first tasted yuban while visiting my brother 20 years ago. he offered me a cup of coffee one morning, and I really liked it. It had a taste that was way different than I was used to. I asked him what it was and he said yuban and to my suprise, it also was decaf. I have never liked decaf, but this was better than any coffee I had ever tasted. We were all in Yuma for the winter. when we got home, we started drinking yuban decaf. I have since switched back to regular yuban, but my wife still uses decaf. we were drinking maxwell house at the time. Found out later that yuban is part of maxwell house. Yuban costs about a penny a pot more that I am more than ready to pay for the better taste. maxwell house is great coffee, and my 2nd choice. we carry our own coffee and coffee makers with us when we travle. We live in S W missouri and can only find yuban regular here, so we order it from amazon, and have had good luck dealing with them. We have had several friends switch to yuban after tasting ours.
What can I say.  It's our favorite brand of coffee, it's affordable, and it's delivered to our door!  I think that pretty much sums it up.
Yuban is a smooth,rich tasting coffee. Unable to purchase this product in the retail stores in the Chicago area. The price of the coffee is very reasonable. The twelve ounce cans keep the coffee fresh. I am very pleased with this product and will purchase it through Amazon again when I run out of Yuban.
We've been drinking Yuban since 1979 and find this the most convenient way to get it. The price is great and it faithfully comes every month.  If we are having guests we can bump up the order.  Fantastic.
We were looking for a smooth, rich, non-acidic, non-bitter coffee when we came upon Amazon's reviews for Yuban coffee.  Well, we've been buying Yuban Original Roast Ground Coffee from Amazon for about a year now, and folks, what can we say, it's still the best tasting coffee around.  Coupled with our marvelous Bunn coffee maker (also an Amazon purchase) which makes a fresh, hot pot of coffee in 3 minutes, it just doesn't get any better than this.<br />Keep checking back weekly to see what the going price is (it fluctuates up and down quite a bit) and when you can catch it at a great deal, buy some.  You won't be disappointed.
Best coffee in the world.  When you open a can and sniff ---- ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!<br /><br />Can't go wrong with Yuban.
This coffee is better than McDonalds, StarBucks, Atlanta Bread, Folgers, Maxwell House and almost as good as Standard Coffee that is served in up scale restaurants only and cannot be purchased privately.  It has a great smooth taste. We have a hard time finding it in SC.  It is manufactured in CA on the west coast.  I called Yuban today and they could tell me what stores in my area have sold it in the last 30 days.<br />You can also purchase it on line is what I did for 12 cans.  The price beat the price I pay at the grocery store and I had free shipping!!!!!WooHoo!!!!!! Enough to last the rest of the winter and spring.  Try it!  You will Love it!
Very good coffee.  Can't always find it in our local stores, so I order it thru Amazon every 3 months
They have this coffee at where I work... and before this, they had this horrible folgers coffee which HAD to be diluted with sweetner and creamer... I can actually drink this black because it's actually good! It tastes like a coffee that was brewed from a cafe, not just your coffee machine at home. Good stuff.
This particular type of Yuban coffee is a mild, flavorful coffee that can be enjoyed in the morning or anytime.  It's the coffee my mother seems to prefer over all others.  Not always available in stores, I was thrilled when I found it for sale by Amazon!
If you like strong coffee, this is it!  The flavor is exceptional, I have not found better in a can.  This can be expensive and difficult to find at your local store.  I have had great luck with Amazon, good price for the subscription order (you can get a case a couple times a year and still get the reduced rate).  Amazon also has a wonderful return policy!<br />Try Yuban if you love strong coffee and have not found the coffee for you, this may be it!  We have been drinking it for 10+ years now & have had the Original, Organic and Dark Roast---I dont have a preference, they are all excellent.
My husband and I recently moved here from Las Vegas to Steeler Nation. We have tried ever coffee on the shelves at all the supermarkets far and wide. We had been drinking Yuban for at least 10 years in Las Vegas. We called the District Manager for Kraft and found out that East Coast people don't like it or were not accustomed to it. West of the Mississippi is where you'll find it. So we had to order by the case load to satisfy our drinking pleasure. We got the best deal from<br />Amazon; and it arrived very quickly without paying anything extra in shipping fees.  Time to order it again!!
This ground coffee is almost as good as fresh-ground coffee beans.  My husband is a coffee snob and he loves this coffee.  I have to admit the fresh ground is better, but Yuban makes a really good ground coffee.  Don't waste your money on Folger's or Maxwell House, this is the best ground coffee out there.
We just love Yuban coffee and there is not a store where we live that has Yuban for sale.  I was delighted to discover that I could order it at Amazon.com by the case and always keep it in our pantry.  The only thing that could be any better would be that I could get Yuban beans so I could grind it myself as I make a pot of coffee.
Yuban has been my coffee of choice for 20 years. The price at Amazon is very good. I recommend this product for any coffee lover.
I can no longer find Yuban on the Grocery shelfs.It is by far the best coffee Delicious flavor and no acid I would highly recommend Yuban
A 25% price increase since the end of November, from $37.28 to $46.65. Is it still a bargain?<br /><br />Now we've passed the $50 mark, which comes out to $5.57 per pound. I pay $5-6 per pound for fresh-roasted beans in five-pound lots.<br /><br />If the rating were just for the price, I would make it three stars.
Very good product, will purchase over and over again. A convenient way to purchase.
I've read the reviews and I agree that Yuban is absolutely the best coffee but at $100 for 12 cans comes to over $8 a can.  That's $3 more a can than I pay at my local store.  I don't understand the high price?
I have never tasted this coffee.  But when people brew it in my house, it makes my house smell like farts.  It might taste really good, but I can't get over the fart smell.  You've been warned.
The jar is much smaller than I imagined via pictures - I thought it was going to be the size of a mason jar, but it was instead much smaller. It is spicy though! Lots of jalapeno, not a lot of honey mustard!
My friend at work and I both eat sunflower seeds quite frequently. We always try new types when we find them. He came back from out-of-town with these a few weeks ago, and we're both hooked. They are definitely the best sunflower seeds either of us has had. Not only is the flavor fantastic, but the seeds themselves are top notch. First, they're HUGE. Second, there are surprisingly few broken or empty shells. Third, as of yet I've never had a mushy, foul-tasting seed. Sadly, we can't find anywhere around us that sells them, so I'm glad Amazon does. I'm really looking forward to trying the other flavors from this company as well. He brought more back from out-of-town today...I'm eating them now, and that is what prompted me to look online for a place to order from.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LDOMT6">Salt & Pepper Flavored GIANTS Sunflower Seeds</a><br /><br />I found these seeds in a local store only to fall in love with them and then find the store no longer supplied them. I am so glad they can be purchased at Amazon. WARNING!!! They will ruin your desire for any other kind of sunflower seeds! GREAT!
These sunflowers seeds are of a great quality in every bag and the flavor of the Salt & Pepper is very bold.  I love these and the shipping service from the company has been great every time I have ordered.
I have ordered this product twice now and the service and product have been great.  Would order again !!!<br />Price of product was comparable to others. Thank you....
These Piquillos are packaged in a thin plastic package, though I thought from the picture that they were packed in a roll-top tin (like sardines are packed in).The peppers that survived the shipping were very good, lightly roasted and with good tangy flavor. However, one of the packages was damaged in shipment and leaked red oil all over the rest of the packs, making a huge mess.
Bought these at a local store due to the great ingredients with none of the bad chemicals, and have been waiting for them to be in stock here. I'll definitely buy more when they are available, as they are the best shortbread cookies I've ever had, my son agrees, and I love that they're basically as good as you could get if you made them yourself, with ingredients you can pronounce and won't kill you. :)  SO delicious!!!
I gave these packs out as Christmas goodies, but saved myself one.  Delicious!  The gifts were well received also.
The picture and description was Pure Butter Mini Shortbread Round, then I decided to order it because I love them so bad. But when i got the package, it came out at Mini CHOCOLATE CHIP shortbread which I don't like.
I started getting this Folger's Half Caff coffee from Amazon because our small town stores don't always have it.  It comes in one pound vacuum sealed packs so it stays super fresh and it just fills my canister with one bag.  I like not having to get rid of all those plastic cans and I have it automatically sent to the door so I don't have to deal with those last minute trips to the store and find they are out. What a boon for rural, small town people like me.
I love this coffee!!  I had always mixed my decaf and regular to get 1/2 caffeine and now I can just buy it!!  Perfect amount for me. I enjoy the flavor of coffee!<br /><br />These vacuum sucked packages make it easy to store and use. It keeps the coffee fresh!!  I use then to refill another container and it works well for me!!
This is a terrific deal for a coffee lover that needs to cut back on his/her caffeine consumption.  Great tasting coffee and great deal.  Can spend over $5 for it at the grocery store.  I get mine by the subscription plan for a little over $4 plus no tax.
When Habanero is in powder form it doesn't taste the same nor does it have the same heat. It's almost physically impossible to get a Habanero powder to taste decent. Go with Habanero flakes instead. They taste better and pack a lot more heat.
Oh boy, These are a winner at my house.  We used to buy them locally, but they are no longer carried.  :(<br />My husband found these after trying other brands and these are the ones.  My son loves them as well.  They were delivered quickly and were fresh.  They said they almost had a pop to them.  We will definitely order these again.  They are heavy, so shipping was a little high, although we hope they will come back to W.
I love Wasa Crisp 'n Light crackers! As their name suggests, they do have a very light and crisp texture.  They are still strong enough to support hummus or other spreads you may like to use.  However, they are also very delicious by themselves.  Sometimes you just want something to crunch without wasting a lot of calories on chips or other fattening foods, and a stick of celery isn't what you had in mind.  I keep these in the pantry all the time. They are low sodium and contain just 20 calories per cracker.
These are very healthy 7 grains and very light and crispy, perfect with dips or salsa.  Tastes just like rice cake.  They are very easy on the teeth too, for those who have dental work that they don't want to chip. Hard to find in supermarkets.
We are trying to curb our carbohydrates.  The Wasa Crisp'n Light is a big help.  Especially when you need something crisp.  We have and will continue to order this product.  Thanks Amazon for selling this tasty cracker.
Hubby and I both have teeth that can't handle anything too seedy or hard. I also lost 81 lbs (so far) doing a lower carb diet (not LOW, but LOWER). I pretty much skip bread these days--and cereal, etc--but I don't mind using up some of my starch/carb calories on these. So versatile. To dip. To make cracker sandwiches. To use breakfast type spreads on (when a craving for bagels/toast hits). I love them with hummus, with cheese, cracked over soup, topped with egg salad, with neufchatel and sugar-free preserves (I use Nature's Hollow). They are so nice to have with my breakfast omelettes.<br /><br />Even my super picky hubby likes them. We both adore the texture. Oh, man. How perfect. The lightness that preserves a nice, gentle crispness.<br /><br />Wasa, please don't ever stop making these.<br /><br />I like this one and the mild rye. Both are now staples here. Satisfy my bread needs without a ton of carbs. And since I restrict myself to 1200 calories, two of these do little damage to my eating plan at 20 calories each. I also like to watch my sodium (middle-aged and almost off blood pressure meds), and these don't pack on the salt.<br /><br />Thumbs up!<br /><br />Now, if they could make one that's like an everything bagel--an everything crispbread light and crispy version with the onion/garlic/sesame seed/poppyseed. How cool would that be? (Or maybe they already have, dunno.)<br /><br />Update: I don't eat gluten anymore, so I don't buy this product these days. For those who don't care about grains/gluten, I can still recommend it based on texture/taste/calories. But not for me as I'm trying to stay gluten-free. Be well...
I love the light texture and the taste kind of reminds me of chex cereal which is a good thing. It makes a great snack, I use Laughing Cow cheese wedges spread it on and lay down some spinach or radishes with smoked sardines or tuna. Delicious! Or instead of using a crostini to make bruschetta, I use these crackers. And if I'm too lazy to make stuff, I just snack on it by itself.
The title just about says it all.  These crackers (crispbread, if you will) are light and airy and come in around 4 grams of carb each.  I cut them into 8 pieces with a sharp knife and use them for dips, as well as "conveyers" for cheese and other goodies.  They have become my favourite snack.  Yes, they are bland, but I like the fact they pick up the flavour of what they are served with and don't overpower.
These crackers are very delicious, have a wonderful texture, adapt well to any spread, and they are only 20 calories each--great for people watching their calories.  They are very satisfying, and they contain whole grains in a tasty form.
I really do love these crackers. They are crisp, tasty and low in calories. I have been eating them with a small bit of mayo and potted meat in the morning with my cappuccino. They have helped me lose weight. Regardless of that fact, I just like the taste.
Both my wife and I have been using this product for well over a year. We love it! It is one of seven or eight varieties made by this producer. Recently, each of the other flavors have been available at our local markets, but, for some reason, these markets have been unable to obtain this flavor. I was excited to find it on Amazon.com, and obtain a generous supply with no hassle, and with convenient shipping direct to my home. Comparable products don't seem to have the same flavor or consistency, and this one, mixes well with any number of cheeses and/or jellies/jams at snack time.
These crackers are certainly Crisp and Light. I am a low-carb eater and am happy to have something crunchy to munch on while watching my carbs (4 net carbs per cracker for Atkin's followers). If you are used to buying different flavors in the grocery store, the ones that come in the kind of flimsy paper wrapping, these actually arrived in a more sturdy cardboard box. For the people complaining about bland taste, I think the point is to put stuff on them not necessarily eat them as is. I like that they have a very mild flavor so as not to overpower what you put on them, you can top with something savory or sweet. My favorite toppings are cream cheese, ham and cheese, chicken salad or sugar-free preserves (they are sturdy enough to stand up to spreading cold cream cheese on them).
I buy these at a local grocery store, not from amazon.com.<br /><br />They are absolutely lovely. Light and crisp, they're like naked Cheetos, that are actually fairly healthy. They can be topped with most anything, sweet or savory. Great for midnight snacks, afternoon snacks, or crumbled up in tomato soup at lunch or dinner. Wish they'd make them in flavors, they'd beat the pants off most "diet" snacks I've ever seen!
While visiting my daughter in Seattle, WA she introduced me to these wonderful Wasa wafers (alliteration intentional).  I really like them and they are an ideal substitute for bread.  I couldn't find this product in the stores around Fresno, CA.  I decided to give Amazon a try and sure enough, they came through.  I subscribed to have shipments sent to my home quarterly and again Amazon came through.  You AMAZE me!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EUJLHE">Wasa Crisp 'n Light 7 Grain, 4.9-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)</a>
My daughter absolutely loves this stuff and she is a very picky eater.  It is also hard to find in the supermarket.
I bought these one time at my local Safeway and absolutely loved them.  I dipped them in a creamy cucumber dressing and the combination was awesome.  Next time I went to buy a box... gone, not even a spot on the shelf where they might have been sold out.  This happens to me frequently -  I find a product and really like it and then the next time I go to purchase it, it's gone.  I looked for these Crisp 'n Lights at all our large grocers and other stores like Target and Rite Aid.  No luck.  Fortunately, I picked up a case here on Amazon and will covet every box.
I love these so much I'd give them a 10-star.  I love them so much I have an Amazon subscription so they get mailed to me regularly.  I discovered them at Henry's but they're the only cracker on the shelf that are always sold out so when I saw the 10 pack here I was so happy.<br /><br />I eat them as a bread substitute with everything!  Can't go wrong with the calories and they don't have a strong flavor to mask the food so really they can be eaten however way you like.  Endless possibilities ...
Wasa has a great line of 'crackers', but these have become my favorite. They are light but not wimpy. Their flavor is fairly neutral so they don't conflict with whatever you choose to put on them. And for me, the calorie count was the final winner...only 20 calories per cracker and low sodium. A winner all the way around and Amazon has the absolute best price!
these crackers are perfect...you know why?<br />because they have a subtle light flavour that doesn't overpower whatever you're eating on top of them...whether it be guacamole, hummus, or mustard and cheese...  :)
We love these crackers for our salmon spread.  They have just the right flavor and crispness to enjoy the taste of the spread.  And they're healthy!
This Crackers are so good. They have very little calories, very little fat and still they are crunchy and creamy. I'm on a diet right now and these really help me on my craving moments. Depending on my caving I can eat them plain or with turkey or a spread. My kids and their friends love them too and eat them with cream cheese which makes a very healthy snack. Buying them on Amazon was a great idea because they cost less, they are fresher than in stores and I don't even have to go to the store to get them.
I bought Wasa Crisp'n light crackers at my local supermarket yesterday because they were out of the Wasa rye crackers I usually by - that I really like. This was the last box and I am so happy I bought it!  I love these!  I enjoy most of the crackers by this company, but this is now my absolute favorite and I plan on buying it through Amazon because it is cheaper, I can save time and gas physically shopping and the convenience (Amazon has great customer svc.) is what I appreciate!  By the way, I enjoy these crackers plain and I've eaten them with salmon cooked lightly in olive oil and capers and it was superb!
We love this crisp bread because it's made from 7 whole grains, does not contain any corn syrup and stays fresh for weeks after being opened. It's soft yet crunchy and tastes great. Can only recommend and will definetly buy again.
Since I am counting calories I find Wasa crisp'n light very tasty. You can eat three of them and feel like you are eating a lot more than you really are. I think the taste is great and have told all my friends about them.
once I tried these I was hooked. good healthy food that tastes good alone or with tuna or seafood salad. light crispy and melts in your mouth.
Great low-carb alternative, they arrived fresh, and unbroken, I'm satisfied with Amazon and with purchase again.
As a person who has metabolic syndrome (and my roommate has insulin resistance), we both always have to watch our carb intake.  Giving up foods such as pasta, potatoes and most breads has been a very difficult, but also a very necessary part of my life over the past several years.  I've tried lots of other low-carb crackers (including other Wasa crackers), but they've just been so-so.  About six months ago, I picked up a Wasa Crisp 'n Light cracker for the first time and WOW, what a taste!  Spread a little bit of Earth Balance on it, or some low-fat cheese and it's absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  I'm so glad that I can get a case every three months through my Amazon subscription.
When I was diagnosed with diabetes 5 years ago, I thought I was doomed to a bland diet for life. Not true! Especially, when I found Wasa Crisp & Lights, it solved some of my problem. With a thin coat of "You Won't Believe It's Not Butter" and thin slices of banana, I have a desert or tasty snack; without the banana, I can just eat them as bread, and they are so light and thin with the spread; they are so tasty, and I don't feel guilty after eating them. I can put cooked or raw tomato on them, with a dash of sage & basil to add to the flavor. I have successfully kept my blood sugar normal consistently with diet control. I am not doomed to a bland diet, after all.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EUJLHE">Wasa Crisp 'n Light 7 Grain, 4.9-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)</a>
These little gems are only 20 calories each and almost fat free, and taste way better than a rice cake, IMHO.  I'm glad they come in packs of 10 boxes because otherwise the husband and kids would eat them all and there'd be none left for me!
I love these crackers.  They're perfect when you want the light crunchy snack without the calories of other crackers.  They're good topped with lox or cinammon and sugar.
It's hard to put a *star rating on this.  I like the crackers a whole lot and think they are super.  They are hard to find in our local stores and I use Amazon a lot for good pricing and hard to locate items.  However, this purchase experience was a little disappointing.  The crackers came quickly and in great shape...no breakage and the price was fine.  But, when I opened the first box, I found they had weevils...not a huge infestation but still...once weevils get a foothold, it's all over but the shouting.  I suspect that these boxes have been stored in a southern location as we don't have weevils up here in the north.  Usually they come up in flour and flour products that originate down south.  I found them in southern biscuit flour that I bought at one of the discount grocery stores.  I pop the product in the freezer to kill the weevils and their eggs and then sieve them out...gross, but you can't save money if you toss everything that doesn't meet your approval.  Anyway, can't sieve crackers but I'm still tossing them into the freezer for good measure.  Don't want them to spread to any of my other pantry items.  This review is just a heads up to anyone buying these on Amazon.  Inspect them carefully, pop them in the freezer if in doubt, and enjoy.  The crackers get a 5-star rating; the purchase on Amazon gets a 3 star for warehouse storage.
I love these light, airy crackers. Three of them are only 60 calories-on WW, just 1 pt! Spread with reduced fat peanut butter, just 3 pts. A light part of a light lunch! I used to buy them at the supermarket, but they don't always have them. When I found them on Amazon, I was thrilled! And using the automatic reorder feature, saved me 15% and no cost shipping! Woo-hoo!. Might I add, you can change the frequency of that at any time.
I have a tried a few of these Wasa crisp breads.  This one was by far the worst.  It was in essence entirely flavorless.  It tasted to me the way that I expect that those little packing Styrofoam peanuts would taste.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong it didn't taste bad, hence the 2 stars, it just didn't taste like anything.  Looking for a low-cal snack type cracker?  Try the Wasa Sourdough Rye crackers.  Now those are heavenly!
WASA Crisp'n Light inside packaging cannot be recycled.  The crackerbread is excellent, but its inside packaging is a cellophane or type of plastic that cannot be recycled anywhere in the six states I have contacted.  Todate WASA has not revealed what the inside packaging is made of, nor where I can recycle it.
I think these are a bit boring (I like my cooked peas at least salty and preferably spice-enabled) but they do undeniably taste like peas, and my toddler begs for them ("peas! peas!"). I suspect she likes the crunchiness. I bought a single package to try them out and bought the multi-pack today. I think they'd probably be good in homemade trail mix, too.
I order these peas and they came fast. the product<br />has a good flavor and I am very happy with the peas.<br />I will order with them again
Great snack and good on salads.  It's dried peas, what else can I say?
I bought Crunchies Freeze-Dried Organic Peas and some other Crunchies products in hopes they would be a satisfying, healthy snack for my children.  Both of my kids (ages 5 and 8) gave me the thumbs down on taste, though.  Same reaction to the other dried veggies and even the dried fruits. So, my desk at work is now full of Crunchies products, and they are a nice quick snack to keep me going between meals. I recommend them for this purpose, but I think most kids will probably say no to these products given the flavor of the snacks is OK, not great.
Just wanted to compliment this company on their great, prompt service and the freshness of the cookies.. Bought them to give as a gift, and when i brought them home my kids ate them lol. I would recommend these cookies to anyone and everyone..
This is absolutely the best sauce for making Carolina BarB Q. I,ve looked for a long time and am glad that I finally found the best.
I have been using this Peppered Gravy Mix for years. I found it at a Wonder Bread discount store at least 15 years ago. It is the best you could ever make. I always made from scratch, but I believe this is even better. Unless I tell them, no one knows it wasn't made from scratch. So easy, and can use it for pork sausage, chicken, even ground beef. If you haven't tried it, you don't know what you are missing. Good price, best taste.
This mix makes a gravy that taste like your good ole southern grandmother made the gravy. No more lumps and everyone thinks you made it from scratch. If you are thinking about it you have to try this. It is the best thing since the invetion of peanut butter
This gravy is great!  1/4 cup has only 50 calories and 6 grams of carbs, which has helped my husband loose over 20 pounds.  How?  Well the low carbs helped, but the main feature that makes low-cal/low-carbs part of the formula work, is the great taste.  This gravy has got a peppery tang that makes it just right for spicing up eggs or chicken or anything else you might through a white pepper gravy over.<br /><br />And I don't know if you have tried other packaged sauces, but I have, and generally they aren't very good even when freshly made.  Worse, these sauces tend to get 'strange' in the fridge overnight.  (Oddly watery, or jell-like... yuck)  This S&M Gravy mix doesn't do that, which means that it's good for several meals.<br /><br />Highly recommended for the gravy-challenged.  My southern reared husband is a content... and thin.<br /><br />Pam T~<br />mom, reviewer at large, and wife to gravy lover
My wife always made her own gravy from scratch and is good at it. However, this gravy is fantastic, idiot proof (even I can make it) and reminds me of my grandma's cooking. My wife loves it and this will definitely be a new staple for our cupboard.
My wife use to make homemade peppered gravy which would take a long time to make and a big mess also.  When we discovered this pepper gravy, we decided that there was no need for the time and mess to make homemade as this was as close as you can get to homemade and again without all the time and mess.  As indicated by others, the addition of other ingredients such as sausage is also quite simple.  We would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys peppered gravy.
Forever for the perfect easy peasy gravy mix.  This is my fave!  Tastes just like the restaurant ones I love so much;  Like Bob Evans, and IHOP.
This is a very delicious gravey mix. I add a pound or so of browned, drained breakfast sausage after it is heated and serve over bisquits. It is super fast and easy. I serve with cut up fresh fruit and there you have a simple, quick breakfast or brunch meal! I would highly recommend.
We were looking for a tasty, spicey gravey mix.  When searching the internet we saw this item and<br />decided to try it.  What a lucky find.  It is all we anticipated and more, being easy to prepare as well<br />as tasty and spicey.  Now we need look no further.  When we run out we know where to go to order<br />it.
The gravey is wonderful.  It taste just as good and the one from Scratch.  Except it is not as greasy
We love this stuff!!! I use it in my heat and eat breakfasts I make in advance so I don't have to cook every morning. My wife uses it for all kinds of recipes including just as really good gravy. We used to buy it all the time in California but it's not sold locally so we have to mail order it. MUCH less expensive from Amazon even over the manufacturer. For us the larger 4.5 Oz size is much more economical than the 2.5 Oz.
Very good taste and a good price, no sales tax, no shipping charges and delivered to my door
This is by far the best Peppered Country Gravy mix you can buy!  I have tried them all(almost).  It is also very diverse in what you can do with it..  Add sausage for sausage gravy, chicken broth and chicken for an awesome creamy chicken gravy.  Same with turkey, ham, etc..  Nothing compares to SM's mixes, unless you make it from scratch and are good at it.
Absolutely amazing! This gravy wins over any other hands down for that good ole down home country taste!<br /><br />My neighbor & I frequently eat meals together. Yesterday I slow-cooked pork chops in about 3 cups of water, with diced potatoes, onion, pepper, frozen speckled butter beans, & parsley, sage & a can of cream of chicken soup for seasoning. She made mashed potatoes & after removing the pork chops, added a pack of this gravy mix to the sauce right in with the beans & diced potatoes for a lovely rich gravy. I don't recall a meal like it since my grandmother's house! We saved the leftover gravy, and tonight we're cooking chicken & corn to serve with it!<br /><br />I now have this saved so we can keep ourselves in gravy heaven! Thank you Amazon.com for carrying this & Southeastern Mills for a quality, reasonably priced, fantastic gravy!
The Southern Mills gravy is  a very satisfying gravy for an easy fast topping for either bisquits or hashbrown potatoes.<br /><br />The mix is easy to use and there are never any left overs. It hits the table and it is gone.... everyone seems to love it.
I'm a huge fan of the McCormick brand gravy mix and I assumed that this would be as good.  It isn't.  It's not bad enough for a 2 but i'm annoyed that i convinced myself to buy a case of this stuff instead of the McCormick.
This is such a nice change from ordinary ketchup. More pizzaz! I've been putting it on everything...... it's great on eggs and hash browns. I'm glad I bought 6 bottles. Shared some, and am going through the rest pretty fast. It's hard to find locally.
Our local grocery stores no longer carry Tobasco Ketchup, so went out to the internet and found it on Amazon.  I don't use ketchup all the time for everything, but when I do, I like it spicy.  Good stuff.  I don't know why our local grocers do not carry it any more.  This seller delivered the product in a timely manner as well.
This was my first experience of a bad Darjeeling - before, I hadn't known there was such a thing. The first brew yielded a dark rust color tinged with olive-green. The bottom of the cup was invisible. The taste was sharp and astringent. Thinking I'd brewed too long or too strong, I set the first cup aside and tried again. And then again. A light brew of 3 minutes improved the clarity; however, nothing I have tried since has removed a level of astringency and a furred taste that I associate with lesser teas. The wet leaves are the typical size, light brown but unexpectedly interspersed with limp green squares.  The aroma of dry tea in the bag reminds me of old hay - neither moldy nor spoiled, just old. In contrast, the Davidson's Keemun Conjou which arrived in the same shipment smells and tastes like delicious Keemun Conjou and nothing else.<br /><br />Given the price, I knew I was gamboling and consider this a lost bet. I have given the product two stars instead of one, because I haven't thrown it out (yet). I keep a supply of Lipton's bulk tea for emergencies such as long periods of unemployment, and I don't really need more emergency tea. Perhaps it will work for iced tea.<br /><br />By no means am I an expert, but I do value tea, and so I hope this opinion helps other buyers who are trying to decide between two Darjeelings. Davidson's ships quickly with value pricing, and so I am not giving up on the merchant. Just on this particular Darjeeling.
I bought two kinds of Davidson's bulk teas, Darjeeling and Gunpowder Green, and I was very disappointed in the quality. They both make kind of a murky harsh tea. The Darjeeling is very light in color and has an aftertaste more like pekoe. The Gunpowder Green is weak and flat. I certainly wouldn't recommend them.
Really good quality tea.  Much superior to Twinings as tea.  The releasable plastic lined paper bag is much superior to the tins to keep excess air out.  This is important so the tea won't oxidize.  The tins look nice, but they hold too much air and don't reseal like a plastic zip seal.
Tastes like darjeeling, although, like one of the previous reviewers said, it's missing some of the body of a good darjeeling. I give it 3 stars for taste alone. But for the price I paid for it, I guess it's still a solid deal<br /><br />You get what you pay for and for the cost of this tea, I guess it's good. :)
Beautiful clear reddish in the cup and delicious with no off taste or "bite".  Recommended without hesitation.  Just opened the bag, and I'm ordering some more already.
The price is right. Organic Tea at a great price, but that's as far as it goes. I've tried about 5 of the Davidsons so far and they just lack character.
I have never received anything like this from amazon before. The product was packed in an old used golf ball box(bizarre). The cans were all dented and old looking. The bowls were chipped up. I thought, oh well, maybe the soup will taste good. Wrong!Three different flavors but they were all awful, completely inedible. All of them were horribly fishy and metallic tasting, the worst canned soups I have ever tasted in my life. Poured them all out and donated the chipped bowls to charity. Complete waste of money.
This product is delicious.  I will say this upfront - Thou semi messy (why not place the peanut butter in the center??? Instead on the back?)  The taste is great.  So great that I started to eat them all day -- not good as it ruins the enjoyment!!!<br /><br />These are actually so good I had to stop eating them!!! (I guess I over did it!!!)<br /><br />Value:  Excellent snack for everyone (all my friends love them) / family.<br /><br />Shipping:  Fast (as always with Amazon Prime membership - 2 days)<br /><br />Packaging:  6 Boxes Total - each contains 6 individually wrapped granola "thins"  (1/3 of granola bar but flat with peanut butter on one side [seriously).<br /><br />Also do not ruin the granola as I did by eating every day!!! Also I notice to avoid mess just open with scissors!!! (pealing makes a mess!!!)<br /><br />[...]  Exclusively
Perfect mid morning snack for someone like me who is currently doing a meal replacement drink for breakfast. One of these and piece of fruit is just what you need to get you to through to lunch.
HAVE TO SAY I USED TO EAT THE NATURE VALLEY PEANUT SWEET AND SALTY BARS,THEN WHEN THESE GRANOLA THINS CAME OUT AND I TRIED THEM,I JUST CAN'T STOP EATING THEM. THE PEANUT BUTTER FAVOR IS MY FAV.TRIED THE DARK CHOCOLATE AND WASN'T TOO IMPRESSED BUT I SWEAR I COULD EAT A WHOLE BOX IN ONE DAY OF THE PEANUT BUTTER FLAVOR IF I LET MYSELF.I HAVE READ OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT THEM BEING MESSY AND THEY ARE A LITTLE BUT THAT DOESN'T STOP ME FROM ENJOYING THEM.THEY ARE A LITTLE CRUMBLY AND THE PEANUT BUTTER STICKS TO YOUR FINGERS A LITTLE BUT WHO CARES.THE PEOPLE WHO SAID THE PEANUT BUTTER STUCK TO THE WRAPPER MUST BE STORING THEM IN VERY HOT ENVIRONMENTS.I HAVE NOT HAD THIS PROBLEM AT ALL! LOVE,LOVE,LOVE THEM!!!  TRY THEM YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
As a Registered Nurse who is also diabetic, I especially like the convenience of the Nature Valley Granola Thins for a quick pick me up if I experience low blood sugars.  The best part of this product, though, is the taste!  The worst part is that the actual thin is 2-4 bites and gone...all deliciously, though.  They do make a log of crumbs so I suggest eating it over a saucer or napkin, don't miss morsel of this incredible product!!
These are so good and also healthy for a snack. Only 2 weight watcher point and 90 calories. When I was in Girl Scouts in the 60's there was a cookie like this Savannah it was an oatmeal crunchy sandwich cookie filled with peanut butter icing. The first bite I took I was back there. It was so good. I love that they are wrapped one to a pack and not double. I eat one everyday. They range from $2.98 to $3.89 a box in my area so the subscribe and save is the way to go. I tried the dark chocolate and they are also good but the memories the peanut butter ones bring with the flavor are my favorites.<br /><br />If you remember those cookies you will love these. If you like peanut butter and a healthy granola taste then hit the add to cart button fast. You will not regret it. YUMMMMMMMMMMY.
It's been a month or so since I read the other reviews but if I remember, some found them to be a bit messy to eat. I haven't had any problems, even when keeping a box on top of the fridge where it tends to get a little warm,, but the piece of plastic coated cardboard that covers the peanut side peeled off cleanly without any peanut butter sticking to it and I had no problems eating the peanut butter coated thin.  Would not recommend taking with you in your purse on a hot day as a snack however as I suspect they would get gooey if at higher than normal temperatures.  I just signed up for 1 month subscription so I won't run out...I did run out the first time and I missed them so now I'll have enough to last a month.  When I bought the first order, I couldn't find them in local stores but haven't looked lately since I'm using Amazon's subscription program.  Note that a single packet serving is not much food.  But I'm trying to control sugar intake and I have not found myself eating more than one at a time.  Maybe because the foil packet isn't the easiest to get off (not a problem) and it's not like caramel corn or Oreos where I can keep eating so many that I don't realize it until the package is empty.  I would recomment.
Pros:<br />- These are definitely tasty -- especially when taken from the freezer!<br />- Wheat is not one of their ingredients, so they're OK for gluten-sensitive but non-allergic people.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- They contain (less than 2% of) soy (lecithin) which is a state recognized allergen.<br />- They contain canola oil which is one of the least healthy oils on the market, devoid of nutrients and chemically processed.<br /><br />May be a con:<br />- They contain palm oil which unless harvested conscientiously (and more expensively) significantly contributes to the rainforest destruction e.g. in Indonesia. I don't know how Nature Valley's suppliers harvest their palm oil -- hence the separate "may be a con" category.
These are wonderful!  But, they are small, so I usually eat 2 at at time.  And... will melt easily and are hard to get off the paper.  So, I keep them in the fridge.  LOVE THEM!!
While the product is delicious, it's annoying that the peanut butter stays on the waxy paper instead of on the product. You need a fork to scrape the peanut butter off the protective top sheet.
First of all, these things are delicious. However, opening them without making a mess is nearly impossible. They're super crumbly, so open the package with care. I won't buy them again. There are too many other good options that are way less messy.
My first exposure to Patchi choclates was in Abu Dhabi, where Patchi stores are found aplenty. Now that we are back in the States, Amazon is the only place I've been able to find Patchi. Hooray! The chocolates are as rich and delicious as I remember. If you have never enjoyed Patchi chocolates - do yourself a favor and buy some!
My husband & I have always bought Lucini vinegar's but in todays economy we try to look for a substitution since Lucini is expensive. I hit the jackpot right off with Cherry Republic's Sweet Cherry Balsamic. My husband & I use the cherry vinegar straight up on our salad as dressing or on a plate of fresh sliced tomatoes so it can draw out the true flavor. This vinegar is even sweet enough to sprinkle on a bowl of fresh sliced fruit for an extra kick but tart enough to use as basting on your fried chicken or fish. You cant go wrong with this vinegar for the price.....so we say bye-bye Lucini's Cherry Balsamic, now to find a great pear vinegar to replace another Lucini type we use: any idea's?
We have been trying several chilis by small companies via Amazon and this one so far is our favorite.  I added some non-soy meat substitute crumbles and that gave it a very nice texture.
Purchased this product at a local store in NY and my kids and i love it. Its a quick easy meal. You can put in a toaster oven on toast for 6 min. and its ready to eat.<br />strongly recommend
I really love this oatmeal, it is such a lovely treat. Quick and easy to prepare and delicious as an ingredient for smoothies and even in flapjacks, a must buy!!
I am very excited that I have found this oatmeal.  It tastes great and it is quick to make.  When looking to go gluten free, so many of the books I was reading were offering eggs as a morning breakfast item.  I don't like eggs so my life seemed pretty much doomed to Silk milk smoothies.  This is a great breakfast option for me now.  My only gripe is that my grocery store cannot seem to keep it on the shelf so when I see if, I buy a couple of boxes.
My 2 GF/DF girls love this instant oatmeal. We have tried MANY MANY brands for a quick breakfast option and this one is by far the best. It is a bit sweeter than old fashion oatmeal, but not overbearing by any means!  Great start to the day!
I love oatmeal for breakfast, but it takes so long to prepare it and then sweeten it and add mix-ins that I usually don't have time. This instant granola is just about perfect. The only thing wrong with it is that it's a bit too sweet. When I don't have time to make oatmeal in the morning, I throw one of these packs into my bag and make it when I get to work. It's also a great portion manager; it takes the guesswork out of how much oatmeal is in one serving.
Yay an all natural Kids Gum .  NO BHT Preservative ! No dangerous artificial sweetners .  Tastes fine and not bad for you !
While beef stew is almost too easy to make, I will admit to not being great at replenishing my seasonings supplies as needed. Because seasonings and spices/herbs are so expensive, I keep putting off purchasing them and the list to replenish them just keeps getting longer and longer. Eventually, I don't have anything with which to work. As such, I planned 2 6-qt crock pots of beef stew for over the holidays to always have something hearty and warm on hand for family as they came/went.  Lo and behold, when I finished cutting up all the meat and veggies and loaded them into the crock pots, I had nothing on hand to actually flavor those main ingredients. So, sent hubby off to the grocery store for a quick cheat...McCormick's beef stew seasoning packets. Of course I never told him how many to get, and as he wanted to 'do it right the first trip', he got a handful of them. Actually, in error, he grabbed the ones I'd never seen before: the "SLOW COOKERS" item. Man, oh, man! To heck with buying expensive, one-jar spices to keep on hand for this meal. This product worked perfectly! Open packet, mix with 1 1/3 Cups water, pour over ingredients in crock pot, mix it up just once and let the cooker rip for a few hours. The stew was excellently cooked, beef was so tender one needed a spoon with which to lift it otherwise it would break apart and the veggies were tender but not mooshy. It was more than flavorful; the au jus was not too thick and not too thin - perfect for sopping up with homemade bread that, unlike my spices, is always available in this house.<br /><br />I liked it so much, as did the family members, I'm back to purchase the pack of 12 here to keep on hand as well as the "SLOW COOKERS" for pot roast. I confess, for these two meals from now on, I'm being lazy, but quick and efficient. No serious measuring, no countless bottles of assorted spices, no mess and a tremendous result.<br /><br />NOTE: I did use 2 packets for each 6-qt slow cooker for although there is an easy recipe on the reverse of the packet, I don't measure my meat and veggies. I use what I have on hand and once the crock pot is at least 3/4 full, that's when I usually throw in my seasonings. The recipe provided would not be enough for my family. I didn't notice any additional recommendations on the packets indicating how much for what size slow cooker. I began with just one packet dissolved in the recommended 1 1/3 Cups of water (I used boiling water to dissolve it quicker add some warmth to the slow cooker as it begins cooking), but after pouring it over all the meat and veggies in the first pot, I just didn't think 1 packet was enough as my family likes a lot of the 'gravy'.  Therefore, I added an additional prepared packet to each 6-qt crock pot which gave me perfect results.<br /><br />This product uses only natural spices, no MSG, 0g trans fat per serving and no artificial flavors.<br /><br />Edit: 1/2/10 - Another batch made for New Year's...this time, I reduced the amount of water per packet to 1 Cup (vs 1 1/3) and got thicker, more substantial 'gravy' vs  the usual 'au jus' consistency. The family liked it much, much better that way.
My mother and I have been trying to find Ground Celery Seed for some time now.  We have not been able to find it anywhere locally so I decided to purchase this product online.  Hesitant to purchase food items online, I placed my order.<br /><br />The product arrived well packaged and undamaged.  It was sealed and fresh.  If you are looking for a healthy alternative to Celery salt, try this instead.  You do not get the salty flavor and a more robust Celery flavor.<br /><br />I just wish McCormick would package this in a smaller container again.
I've been looking for ground celery seed for at least 2 years.  It used to be always be avaialbe at grocery stores with the rest of the spices, but for some reason stopped being there.  Regular celery seed is easy to find, but not the ground version.  So, I found online.  I wanted McCormick (or some familiar brand).  I'm very satisfied with what I ordered - it's very good and fresh.  My only complaint is that I couldn't purchase a smaller quantity than two large 16 oz containers.  I don't use that much, so gave away the one container to a friend, and it will take me years to use 16 oz container that I kept!  :)  But, happy to now have found.  Hope for others that McCormick decides to package in smaller quantities.
I've tried a number of high-quality canned cat foods to supplement the dry food my cats always have available to them, and these appear to be the best as judged by me and the cats.  For one thing, these actually look like fish.  You open the can, and there are large pieces of actual fish in the can, instead of the weird, mystery paste.  It pretty much smells like you've opened a can of real fish, too (not in a bad way, though I don't share my cats' love of sardines.)<br /><br />One of my two cats is a picky eater when it comes to canned food.  I picked up a can of each of the varieties from the local pet store when I wanted to try switching to Tiki Cat, and learned that the picky one will only eat the varieties that include sardines.  There are a few different sardine varieties, so at least it forces her to have some variety in her diet in case they stop producing one of them.<br /><br />The picky one has always been very excited about getting her daily quota of canned food, but the other cat seems way more excited about dinner time since we switched to Tiki Cat, so I take that as her endorsement of this positive review.
This food is so full of chunks that my cats just love.  They are normally on a variety of top quality pate foods, but I wanted to give them something to chew on and would take them longer than a few minutes to eat.  This is stuff kitty dreams must be made of for sure.  It is for both of mine anyway.
My two feline food critics just love these sardines, and I love being able to give them these sardines. Each tiny can is stuffed with great big chunks of sardine, and my cats are in heaven when they get this for dinner. This is super high quality cat food, a huge treat for any pampered pussycat out there who likes fish. It makes a very nice change from all the tuna based foods out there, and I try to always have some on hand so I can vary my cats' diet.
It's all natural real food that you can see the difference. My cat loves it so much that now we call him the tiki kitty.
The cats love it. I could live without the smell and seeing the pieces of cut up fish in it but the cats love it.Wish I would have purchased more the price was right and it is good quality food for them.
My finicky calico just LOVES this food.  One of the few wet foods she will actually eat. It is loved by our other three cats as well.  Will definitely be buying this again.
My cat Tigger eats this stuff up fast. Then he asks for more so I figure it must be good. This is not your typical cat food!
My cat loved this food for a long time. However, he has been picky lately. It's been harder and harder to get him to eat this, but the variety offered in this cat food is good and seemed to keep my cat healthy!
My cats are not picky eaters, and lick their bowls clean of virtually anything i feed them (wellness, fussie cat, fancy feast, bff). I tried feeding them Tiki Cat on 2 separate occasions, and my cats threw up both times. I thought they may have gotten sick the first time from eating something off the floor, but when it happened a second time I was certain it was the Tiki Cat. I'm not sure if I received a bad batch, but I will certainly never be purchasing a Tiki Cat product again.
I tried Tiki Cat Variety Pack and the only one my cats really ate well was the Bora Bora Sardine Cutlets in Lobster Consomme. Maybe one other flavor, I think the one with crab, they sorta ate, but definitely this one. So, I ordered a couple packs of 12 small cans. I feed them 1 can per day along with their dry food. They also like Weruva canned cat food and a new one called Addiction canned cat food which so far they love all the flavors I got them. My one skinny cat is super crazy over the Lobster Consomme part, but both cats eat it all. Nutritionally, sardines are really high in RNA which is a building block and RNA also contains the sugar ribose.
She liked the food a little at first but didn't want much to do with it... The price is very high and not worth it if she'll only eat a couple of bites. She had tried most of the flavors and would always have the same reaction.
I first learned bout Tiki Cat while searching for responsible and healthy food for my cats. I tried many different brands of cat food before Tiki Cat. I knew I had a hit when even my finiky cat came running for Tiki Cat food time. They seem to like the Sardines best, but I'm sure that every cat is different, and Tiki Cat has so many varities you're sure to find one your cat likes. Amazon has the cheapest price for this product, and it's delivered right to my door! I'll never have to drive to a pet store and pay extravagent prices for good cat food again!
The Oriental Flavor Ramen Noodles taste okay but I almost always add ingredients to make the dish more wholesome. I prepare it by adding sesame seed oil, vegetables and water then adding the seasoning and noodles after the water boils. Rough vegetables like chopped onions taste better if they are boiled with the seasoning for 15 minutes prior to adding the noodles.
Tried this in a turkey burger and it was sooo good. I definitely recommend faery free. Salt can be added or better yet add a sprinkle of Goya Adobo.
extremely good deal. i placed the order on tuesday, got the package on saturday. the packaging is very good (vanilla beans are vacuum packed as well as comes with a heavy ziploc bag for after you open the vacuum pack). 1/2 vanilla bean is about a little over 50 vanilla beans. every grocery store i go (wegmans, whole foods, weiss etc etc) that carries vanilla beans usually only sells them in packets of 2 vanilla beans for typically $12. so if you buy 50 vanilla beans 2 at a time for $12 each, thats $300! so basically you're saving $272.31.
I am a professional chef and specialize mostly in pastry, cakes, and desserts. It plays hell with my diabetes but I just love creating some delicious dessert for friends when we have small gatherings.<br /><br />I usually buy vanilla beans in Tijuana, Mexico because I can get good quality at a decent price. By that I mean the beans tend to be supple, shiny, and aromatic. By "decent price" I mean it usually costs me around $1.50 to $2.00 per piece.<br /><br />When I saw this half-pound package at such a low price I was skeptical but I figured the $25 would not be a big risk and if they were bad I can always return them. I ordered on Jan 11 and got them Jan 13. Free two-day shipping being another great feature of my Amazon Prime membership which I now believe is an excellent value.<br /><br />The beans are very high quality. They are "Gourmet Bourbon" which means about 30% moisture (a good thing) and they are shiny and nicely oily (you want the oily surface as that is one part where a lot of flavor is located. The other part is in the seeds and that is the reason the bean is split and the seeds scrapped when used).  These beans are very fresh as shown by their flexibility (as beans grow old they dry out and get brittle- still usable but not as good).  They come sealed in a vacuum bag and that is inside a zip bag. Even through the double packaging the scent is very noticeable and complex.<br /><br />This is a large quantity of beans. If you are not going to use them rapidly I recommend separating into two or three bean lots and vacuum packing those. For optimal shelf-life I keep mine in a wine refrigerator (it gets cool but not cold) where I keep my 20 or 30 pounds of various chocolates.<br /><br />This is an excellent deal on good quality. I just can't figure out how they manage to make a buck on this one!
There are a ton of vanilla beans in this package. They are supple and so fragrant, you can smell them without breaking the seal. Truly a fantastic deal.
Just received my beans today and wow!  There's an amazing amount for the price paid, they smell absolutely fantastic and came vacuum packed so they'll keep practically forever.
This product smells so bad that I couldn't even try to consume it.  It smells sour and rancid and is detectable even before the package was opened.  The seller has a no return policy so I'm out the $ I spent on this as it will go right into the garbage.
I purchased these with the intent to make vanilla extract. The bean arrived in a timely manner, and were in a vacuum sealed plastic bag. They didn't smell super 'vanilla-y' when they arrived, but I can attest that they were soft and pliable-- maybe too pliable and greasy though. Almost immediate of being immersed in it's vodka home, the beans left an oily residue on the top of the glass bottles. The grease has not necessarily gotten worse, but it has some type of oily smell that distracts from the richness of the vanilla. Any one else have this problem?
I have been making wonderful homemade vanilla with a recipe that I found on line using vanilla beans purchased from Williams Sonoma. I decided to try Spicy World Vanilla Beans rather than the much more expensive vanilla beans from Williams Sonoma.  Two vanilla beans from Williams Sonoma in a pint of vodka resulted in a very dark richly aromatic vanilla after only two months.  I used three Spicy World vanilla beans in a pint of vodka and after two months I had a liquid that looked like weak tea and had the aroma of alcohol.  I added three more beans and waited.  The results were disappointing, so I added three more vanilla beans.  You can still see through the vanilla and it doesn't have the aroma of vanilla.  I am completely disappointed with the vanilla beans from Spicy World.  They are totally worthless, a complete waste of money.  I would not recommend them or purchase anything from Spicy World.
Vanilla beans have many uses: you can make vanilla sugar, creme brulee, and many other desserts. You can also make vanilla extract. And if you buy these beans, you can do it all at a fraction of the supermarket price.<br /><br />Yesterday I priced two vanilla beans in a spice bottle at the supermarket. They cost almost $6. This half pound package of beans that comes in a vacuum pack contains at least 50 beans and cost only $25. I am not quite sure what I will do with all of these, but we did make some bottles of vanilla extract for our favorite cooks for Xmas, and I have vanilla sugar in my cupboard now. The fragrance of these beans is marvelous, but I have resealed the package so the beans won't dry out. I may even put a few beans on the counter to make it smell like I have been cooking!<br /><br />A recipe:<br /><br />1 cheap fifth of vodka<br />10-12 beans, sliced the long way.<br /><br />Remove a cook's share from the vodka bottle and replace with the beans. close the bottle. Let sit for at least a month in a cool dark cupboard.<br /><br />Decant some of the vanilla into a smaller bottle when you need a refill. Put another sliced bean in there, and top off the large bottle with more vodka. Use the smaller bottle for your cooking. Make lots of cookies!<br /><br />You can keep this up for about a year.
I ordered and got this the next day. Planning to make vanilla for Christmas presents [...]). There were 70 beans in my package - THATSALOTTABEANS - I split it with a friend because I don't think I know 70 people who love to bake. . . On their own, they smell somewhat like raisins, but in the package, the smell is heavenly. Crossing fingers that the vanilla works out! but at what, 40 cents a bean, I haven't lost much and the price is so much better than the grocery store, where I looked at 2 beans for $12.
I wanted to give homemade vanilla extract as gifts and was extremely satisfied with these beans. They made very high quality extract and were much cheaper than at local grocery or organic food stores. I was mildly concerned by the size; I only needed 24 beans, and ended up with closer to 50. However, my brother has used the remainder to make delicious vanilla ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, custard, vanilla sugar, french toast, etc. I have recommended them to friends and family.
I don't understand(believe) the ONE negative review posted here. Why are they the only dissatisfied customer?<br /><br />My 1/2lb Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla Beans came in 2 days, and the whole box had the wonderful aroma of vanilla even before opening it!<br />My dark, 8" long, moist pliable beans were vacuum packed and tucked neatly in a sturdy zip bag.<br /><br />Oh the plans I have for these gems!!<br /><br />I'll be sure to post an update after utilizing my beans!
I'm constantly trying to find vanilla beans at a reasonable price. Often, when I do, they are hard as rocks, dry, and practically unusable.  I was so frustrated at Safeway where one bean was $13(!), dry and hard as a rock. The best I've found was at Trader Joe's, where I could get three beans for $10. They were decent...<br /><br />This price was SO reasonable, that I worried they were not going to be fresh/good/etc. I was wrong. The beans were incredibly fresh and supple. I'm using them to make vanilla extract and they have worked perfectly. They keep well in the fridge, so I'm using them in everything!<br /><br />The price is great, but there might be too many to use--if that's the case, then split them with a friend. Then it becomes one of the best culinary deals ever.<br /><br />Absolutely wonderful. I will buy these again and again.
I've never bought vanilla beans before, but I have seen them in the store - all dry and crusty looking.  These beans are vacuum sealed, and because of that are still moist.  They smelled great.  My whole pantry smelled wonderful after I put them in there, and they made my homemade vanilla bean ice cream the most vanilla-y ice cream I've ever had.  (Even more vanilla-y than Blue Bell!)  When I run out, I'll absolutely buy more of these!
I just got these, they are moist and gooey and fresh.  I actually got more beans than the approximate ammount.  They came faster than expected.  Great transaction!
We were running out of vanilla. I'd made my own before using vanilla beans and vodka, and the price of these was far cheaper than getting them locally. I figured it was worth a shot.<br /><br />I'm not sure what I was thinking, but half a pound of vanilla beans works out to something like 50 of them. It's hard to picture 50 vanilla beans, but this would be a good order to go in halves on with someone. Or quarters.<br /><br />The aroma is incredible. It's been a couple of months since we originally opened them, and our pantry still smells like vanilla, even though they are wrapped in two ziploc bags.<br /><br />As for the vanilla itself, it is fantastic. If you've never tried vanilla produced yourself, you are absolutely missing out. There is a distinct and definite difference between homemade and what you buy at the store.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor, hit "add to cart" and check out. You'll be glad you did.
I purchased these vanilla beans to make homemade vanilla.  This is my first vanilla bean purchase ever.  I was very pleased with the quality of these beans.  There were approximately 50 beans, and they were large, very fragrant, and contained lots of "caviar".  I could see the extraction starting to take place shortly after I split and immersed these in my vodka.  I should have some wonderful vanilla extract in 6 months.  Thanks!
What an incredible price for this many high-quality vanilla beans!!<br /><br />I split them with a friend of mine and we've both been making our own extract with delicious success.  At first I thought I might not be able to find use for all the beans, but because I LOVE to make my own (vegan) ice cream, I'm now totally spoiled by these beans.  I grate them into my (non-dairy) milk and simmer it, then let it cool in the fridge overnight, then go about making my ice cream.  I never want plain vanilla ice cream without using fresh beans again, no way!  It's too good.<br /><br />What's more, have you ever bought beans from the grocery store?  It costs, like, $12 for two or three beans, and the beans are relative garbage.  These aren't dry and odorless like the ones from the store.  Instead, they're moist, soft, and have that delightful aroma that makes you just want to bake.
It is a lot of beans to go through but the flavor and quality is really nice. They are fresh, soft and very fragrant. I use a lot of vanilla bean because my family loves vanilla sauce and baked goods made with the fresh bean. You must seal these very tightly to keep them soft but with care, they will stay nice for months and you can't beat the price! One company sells vanilla beans in a jar and you get two or three beans for anywhere up to $6! And the quality isn't anywhere near what these are. I will continue to buy this product. I've ordered these before and I am still thrilled with the product.
These vanilla beans are so fragrant that you can smell them through the unopened package!  I used them to make my own vanilla extract as Christmas gifts, and they worked great!  Don't be fooled by the product photo: they look stiff and dry in the image, but they're soft, pliable, and moist with vanilla oil.
I was very happy with the quick delivery of this product and how fresh the beans were.  I am looking forward to my homemade vanilla extract once it is done brewing.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
I purchased these beans based on other reviews.  My plan was to make a Premium Vanilla Extract for family members.  I purchased a very expensive Vodka, unusual bottles to fill, and waited for my bean order to arrive.  I wasn't happy about the wait.  The beans arrived after the 4th, and I rushed to open the package.  I could not smell the beans as others reported!  Most of the beans were skinny/shriveled, more dry, and a great disappointment.  I Would Not recommend this product.  I will be looking for another source.
I received my vanilla beans exactly a month ago today. As soon as I opened the package I LOVED them. They were very moist and I was very pleased at the quality of the beans. I immediately used 18 of the 50+ to make homemade vanilla extract. The beans did not come with storage instructions so I googled it and read that I needed to store them in an airtight container. I've used them a few times over the past month for cooking but I still had over half the package left. Well, when I opened them this evening they were MOLDED. I am so very disappointed that I will be unable to use the rest of my beans. :( If you're able to use all 50 as soon as you get them, then I highly recommend these beans. If not, then I would look elsewhere, or order a smaller quantity.
Having been a professional cook for over 20 years I try to seek the best ingredients.  I was very pleased with this product.  From the moment you open the box you can smell them and they are still sealed in their bag.  They are very pliable unlike most of the big store ones and the seeds are very moist and easy to remove.  I needed to make a new batch of vanilla sugar and this was the first time I had to put some crackers in with it as the sugar was clumping within a week.  Should make an interesting cracker too.<br />John
This product had pretty good reviews so I thought it would be safe to buy 4 packages, so I did. Boy am I full of regret now. I'm stuck with 4 packs of these beans and I can't return any them. The moment I opened the bag, I should've known. It had a stale sour smell to them. But the optimistic side of me said, these beans look fresh and plump, maybe it won't smell like that once I scrape the seeds out. I was wrong. I made two test batches to see if it was the salt I was using to make my vanilla salt but they both have that weird sour, rancid smell. I've made vanilla salt before so I know what it's supposed to smell and taste like. Unfortunately, even after a few days, this smell isn't going away. I was really looking forward to making jars of vanilla salt to give out as cheap gifts. But now I need to go buy more vanilla beans to replace these which is going to end up costing me. I'm so disappointed. I haven't cooked with these seeds so I don't know if the taste and smell transforms with heat or with any other mixed in ingredient. I know for sure though that if you're looking to make vanilla extract, vanilla sugar or vanilla salt, I HIGHLY discourage you from buying this product.
Got 58 beans in the 1/2 lbs package which is a great value. They are moist so they are super fresh. Great Find.
I received my beans quickly and they smelled great!  I used all of them pretty quickly.  I purchased three 1.75 l bottles of vodka and split the beans evenly among them. They were plump and looked great.  I'm excited to give my homemade vanilla as Christmas gifts.
I received these wonderful beans today through Amazon.  I have not opened the vacuum sealed bag yet but the fragrance is divine.  They are about 6-3/4 inches long and plump and soft. It looks like there are maybe 60-70 beans.
Arrived very quickly and packaged safely.  They are vacuumed sealed and then put within a thick plastic ziplock bag.  Even with the packaging I could smell the vanilla when I opened my UPS box.  There are so many beans in here, a very great buy for my homemade vanilla extract!!
I could smell the vanilla from the box it was packaged in. It was sealed shut, air extracted from the packaging, so plump & moist.  I specifically got this product based on the comments left from a Pastry Chef.  I am extremely happy with my purchase.  I will definitely be back for these again.  I use them in frosting and cake batters - it's soooooo good, words cannot describe the freshness you get with a real vanilla bean vs. an extract.  They were very easy to extract the beans from.
I highly recommend this seller. It is an incredible value for both quantity and quality of beans. There are probably around 50-60 beans, although I'm not positive because I have not taken them out of the packaging to count. I have probably used about 8-10 beans and I can barely tell any are gone from the bag. They come double-sealed, and as another reviewer mentioned, you can smell the vanilla even through the original shipping package. I have purchased grocery store vanilla beans, and I have never seen or tasted anything remotely close to the quality of these beans. I will definitely purchase beans from this seller again.
I got these 2 weeks ago, for the price i wasnt expecting much, but they are really fresh and fragrant<br />i've used them to make bavarian cream and creme brulee and they taste great.
I got the beans in the prescribed amount of time, and even before I opened the package I knew they were going to be great.  The amazing aroma of the beans was evident and only intensified after I actually opened the packaging.  I bought them explicitly to make my own vanilla extract, and I have to say they are some juicy beans.  I highly recommend them.
The beans smell great and you get a lot of them. If you get a 12 pack of jars and you put 2 beans in each jar, you will still have more than half of them left over. Im trying to figure out what else I can do with them before they go bad.
Great price.  Wonderful product.  Everything was as described.  Shipped quickly and was priced great as far as I can tell.  I use these to infuse vodka. (slice the beans down their length first).  Wonderful!
I was amazed with how fresh these are and there are so many in 1/2 a pound.  My only suggested would be if you have another person that loves them as much as you do you could split the cost and the beans.  I have so many left over beans I've been giving them away to grateful coworkers but what goes around comes around so here's to awesome ingredients!
Great vanilla beans at a great price.  I recieved about 60 beans in my pack.  They are plump and perfect.  When I've used them all up I will definitely be buying them again!  I almost didn't order them because of the reviews talking about the bad smell to them. I'm glad I didn't listen to them.  They smell like all of the other vanilla beans that I've bought.
This is the buy of a lifetime.  $25 for about 50 beans instead of $10 for 2!  And the flavor was great.  Made ice cream that everyone raved about.  I vacuum sealed portions for future use to keep them as fresh as possible.
I bought these vanilla beans about a month ago to make homemade vanilla extract and also to have on hand since I always seem to have some culinary use for vanilla beans. I was very impressed with the quality. The dried up store bought vanilla beans cannot compare to these. Will be ordering more soon!
Recieved Vanilla beans in a nice bundle in a ziploc bag.  The smell was wonderful even through the bag.  My husband and I used the Vanilla beans to make our own Vanilla extract.  The beans were moist and easy to work with.  We were very impressed and would definitely buy the vanilla beans again. Can't wait to see how the homemade vanilla extract turns out.
I got the wonderful vanilla beans about a month ago. The first thing I did was to make vanilla sugar. Then I put 10 split beans in 3/4 cup mix of rum and brandy. I shake it every other day. Smells wonderful so far.  I'm going to split a few beans to put on my stevia  which I use every day.  I also sent a pack of Madascar Bourbon vanilla beans to my 78 year old big sister but she "freaked " out.  "What will I do with these?".<br />So far I find these vanilla beans luxuriously wonderful. Smelly, soft and tasty if you just take a tiny bite in your morning coffee.
These are unbelievably fantastic!  I had to share them, I had so many!  simply the BEST! I put the leftover pods in my sugar, smells amazing!
These have good flavor. Plenty of other reviews address that. I also like the thick zipper bag they came in. My only real issue with these is that mine grew mold. I've never had vanilla beans do that before. These seemed unusually moist, so maybe that contributed to the issue. It started as a small spot, but grew so that it was on the ends of most of the beans. I finally got them all out, trimmed off the moldy bits, and froze what was left.<br /><br />It took 2-3 months for the mold to start, so if you use them quickly maybe that won't be a problem. But, I don't go through them that fast. I've had beans dry out in the past, but this is the first I've seen of mold. If you don't plan to use them within 2 months or so, I recommend keeping them in a fridge, freezer or coming up with some other way to stop the mold before it starts.
These beans are trully wonderful and wonderfully priced. Split a few down the length toss in a bottle of Vodka or Rum or some Bourbon for a few days and you have a wonderfull drink. Great for baking , make truly amazing vanilia bean cookies.
These will last a long time the way we use them but could not pass up the deal..came sealed and you could still smell the vanilla...stick one or 2 in your favorite vodka and wait a few weeks...we also make our own extract from them.
The first thing you notice when you open up your package is the intensely delicious smell of vanilla.  The package is vacuum sealed, but the smell still leaks out.  These beans are a great deal!  I think I got about 28-32 pods in my bag and was able to make good use of them.  They (as previously mentioned) have a wonderful smell and great flavor.  It is really hard to find a better deal out there.
These beans are magic. Plump, moist, potent. The aroma was so rich that I could smell the deliciousness even before I opened the double-wrapped, vacuum-packed plastic bag. The best thing, though, is the price for this outstanding quality. Two weeks ago, out of dire necessity, I paid over $8 for a single vanilla bean in my grocery store spice aisle. The bean was fine, but $8? Really? When I saw these I rejoiced. Less than 50 cents a bean! Now that I have them and have had some home-made vanilla ice cream made with them, I can safely say this is the single best value I've ever found on Amazon in all the years I've shopped here. I'm sorry the one buyer received a bad batch of these. Mine are perfect. I will definitely be buying again.
I was very pleased with my recent Vanilla Bean purchase from Spice world. When I opened the box, and not even unsealed the beans themselves, I could smell the fragrance of the bean, and see that they were in very good condition. The have been very moist,easy to work with, and taste wonderful. I can't recommend these people too much, and to say I was completely satisfied wouldn't do them justice. I like finding a place I can shop from that will meet my demands for taste and quality... I have a new home!
well packaged, and alot of beans for the price(50+).  using them to make home made vanilla extract.  wounderfull flavor. will buy again.
The beans arrived in good time, moist and supple, no mold, very good flavor.  What else is there to want in regular bourbon vanilla beans?  I was very pleased with this purchase.
I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. Vanilla beans are $5 - $9 a piece if you can find them in the store. These work out to about 51 cents a piece and they are fresher and better quality than the $5 ones. They also come vacuum sealed and a zip lock bag is included for storage after opening. Good job!
I bought the vanilla beans to make DIY vanilla extract. I do alot of baking and I like to use good vanilla. The recipe requires moist, full vanilla beans and these were wonderful.The vanilla beans came in a vacuum pack that kept them in very good condition, much better than buying them from the spice section of the grocery store where the jar contains 2 to 3 dehydrated beans. And they made great vanilla extract for much less money than buying the 'real' vanilla at the store.
Can't be the price!  The beans have a strong aroma and tasted GREAT in creme brulee!  Just be sure to have an air-tight jar and a vacuum sealer isn't a bad idea either to keep them as long as possible.
I got these beans based on the good reviews and wasn't disappointed. I also got 70 beans in my pouch, nice moist and supple pods that will make a gallon of vanilla extract. Great beans for a great price!!!
I could smell the vanilla even through the packaging!<br />There were lots of vanilla beans and they were all in great shape.  I'm excited to see how my homemade vanilla extract turns out!
I've ordered these before and I am still thrilled with the product.  They are fresh, soft and very fragrant.  I use a lot of vanilla bean because my family loves vanilla sauce and baked goods made with the fresh bean.  You must seal these very tightly to keep them soft (I use the seal-a-meal), but with care, they will stay nice for months and you can't beat the price!  McCormick sells vanilla beans in a jar and you get two or three beans for anywhere up to $6! And the quality isn't anywhere near what these are.  I will continue to buy this product.
Cooking with fresh ingredients always makes your dishes taste, and smell, more delicious!  Highly recommend purchasing these vanilla beans, they arrived vacuum packed and ready to use.
These beans were amazing for the price.  Plump, moist and delightful smelling. Made 1.5L of extract with them using silver rum for the alcohol.
I was very pleased when I got these vanilla beans. They were shipped in a timely manner and arrived vacuumed sealed. There was a mix of some very plump beans and a few that were thin. I was very happy with my purchase!
These beans were vacuum sealed, very fresh and supple.  My only problem was that there were so many I had way more than what I needed for a dozen jars of vanilla flavoring that I'm preparing as Christmas gifts. Highly recommend.
I bake quite often and I love to use fresh vanilla beans.  I have purchased beans from a variety of places and these are the best vanilla beans I have ever used, hands-down!!  They were so moist and plump and LOADED with seeds!!  The fragrance and the taste was so amazing!  I used it in a birthday cake and everyone raved about the taste.  I receieved 70 (yes seventy) half-sized beans in my 1/2 pound package...it would have cost me over $220 to purchase that many beans in the store!  I have a food saver so I divided up the package into smaller packages and have them sealed up and stored in a dark pantry.  I will be interested to see how long they keep.
Better than expected! Well packaged, moist, fresh and fragrant beans were just what I needed for my recipe. Perfect. Would not hesitate to order this bargain-priced, excellent product again.
To purchase this many vanilla beans for the price is great.<br />I've not split any of them yet, but they look nice and plump<br />the way a good bean should look. I have them all soaking in<br />a big jar of vodka to make vanilla. In six months, I should have<br />some pretty good quality vanilla, and will still be able to use<br />the vanilla beans for other things.
I use these vanilla beans to make my infamous Creamy Vanilla Caramel ice pops, a fan favorite for my small gourmet popsicle business @FrontPorchPops. It's tough to find these locally for a reasonable price so I ordered these from Amazon instead as a time-saver. I was dubious about ordering product online (what chef doesn't what to taste, touch and smell it before they decide if it's worthy of their customers?), but I was pleasantly surprised to receive moist, flavorul vanilla beans that were exactly what I wanted. I just wish they offered this as a subscription so I could have them automatically sent every month.
These bean smelled so fresh, they were moist and plump.  I'm very impressed with the quality of the beans that were shipped to me.  I can't wait to use them in all of my baked goods!
These beans arrived quickly and were well-packed in a vacuum sealed pouch.  There were LOTS and LOTS of long, supple black vanilla beans.  They smelled great and were very pliable.  I immediatley made some vanilla sugar, which 3 weeks into it, smells wonderful.  I intend to add beans to vodka for extract.  I also added several beans to oil to make a wonderful vanilla oil for salads.  There are so many beans, I will make a few gift budles wrapped in raffia for my family and friends.  The leftovers seem to be keeping quite nicely in my room temp pantry. I just need more ideas for the rest of the beans.
I was tired of paying upwards of $12 for two beans at the local store, so I thought that I would give these a try.  i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the beans.  I was expecting the usual dried out lackluster vanilla flavor I have "enjoyed" from the super market spice rack, but these beans are so much better.  I used to live near a natural food store that carried an excellent selection of fresh  spices, unfortunately with the recession they closed down.  These beans rival those that I could purchase there.  They have a robust vanilla flavor that came through very nicely in the ice cream I made.  I was used to doubling up on the beans in the recipe to get the vanilla flavor I wanted, but quickly found out that I didn't have to with these beans.  Highly recommended ! Enjoy!
True, the beans were huge, moist and plump, with a good mixture of really big fat ones and smaller skinny ones.  However, the most noticeable aroma coming from the bag and the beans is best described as pungent, with a side of sour.  Is that normal?!?  I've only ever used the crappy dried out grocery store version, and was THRILLED when I saw such a good deal on these.<br /><br />Can a vanilla bean expert tell me if that odd, unpleasant aroma is what I'm supposed to be smelling??
I LOVED this . The beans where fresh and the smell heavenly. I most definately would buy this again. The more expensive ones in the supermarket are dry and way over priced. These were very juicy. Loved it!!
I like to eat frozen vanilla yogurt but the catch is that I have to make it myself or it doesnt get done.<br /><br />These vanilla beans are amazing if you are really into vanilla.yougurt or icecream
I have always liked the oskri bars... but these with the fennel in them are even tastier.  A great gluten free, no cane SUGAR, no cornsyup, treat for those being health conscious.  Also get a little protein to boot!  MMMmmmm MM!
I don't really like the chunks of cherry and pistachios.  I'd just rather have the plain dark chocolate.  I think the plain dark is the best dark chocolate sugar free bar available today.
I babysit for my good friends' kids, to give them a 'date night' every now and again.<br /><br />These things are always in their freezer b/c they know I am a horrible cook. I always thought 3 year olds were picky eaters, but the twin boys beg me to heat up 2nds for them!
My daughter loves them. They are easy to heat up and good for the body and earth. It's the perfect weekday dinner for us busy mums. And it's so clean to eat, that's the key. Not as messy as mac n' cheese. Thanks Peas of Mind to make my life easier.
Would have rated no star if available.  Beefeaters® Chicken Liver Freeze Dried Treats for Dogs, are a product of China, and irradiated "for your protection" according to the company's hold message.  Called Amazon.com customer service, and requested a full refund with pre-paid returned shipping.  Too bad none of this is in the product description.  Amazon CSR was very helpful, and very cooperative, postage paid shipping label received via email immediately.  Thank you, Amazon.com!
Universally popular with all dogs and is the only treat my pets will eat.  Great that it is all natural.
The best treats available. Your dogs will go bonkers for these. I buy a tub a month for my little munchkins and they just love it. Good value online.
I'm a profecinal cat trainer and have used several different treats including raw/freezdried raw  home made and comercial treats over the last 10 years. These treats take the cake and run. OMG all cats/ clients cats love these treats. They are the onlything i will ever use for training again. Best cat treat on the market. just dont forget to cut them up in little pieces there to big for your average house cat.<br /><br />If you have a finiky cat that dosnt like to eat. well here is your god send. Just crush some up and toss there food in it. Its a garanteed way to get them to start eating again. Dont use a ton since its high in fat.
My cats love freeze dried meats.<br />They absolutely love these treats.<br />They are the cheapest of all the treats I buy.<br />The quality is good, too many small pieces though.<br /><br />Do not buy freeze dried beef liver as it is too hard on there tummies.<br /><br />I only give them a couple of pieces a day but they know what time that is!
Anyone see where theses are made? - I am avoiding treats from China because of all the problems lately. and I do not see a country of origin here.
My 3 Boston Terriers LOVE these treats!  They are natural, wholesome and soft enough to break into multiple pieces.  We keep a steady supply of them in the house ... I order at least 2 containers at a time since we don't want to run out.  Amazon's seller -- All Pets -- has the best price around.
At an early age my Beagle (yes, a beagle) was picky about eating.  crushing a little freeze dried chicken liver on his food gave him the incentive to eat.  Now it has become part of the routine.
I buy chicken livers for my cat. She has now learned to speak English persuasively in order to get these treats.(lol) They are economical and obviously well liked by my cat.
My dog absolutely loved these, and he would have given them a 10 rating if he could.  Unfortunately he is nolonger with us, but he thought they were great for years, and this was the best price I ever found.  Very prompt shipping, and adequate packing
My pugs are picky eaters and only like the chicken liver which is hard to find.  This is a great deal.
It came promptly, dog is very happy.  For some reason, this batch has much smaller pieces than those that we have ordered in the past.  I guess the dog thinks that is better he gets more treats at one time (even though the amout is about the same).
I picked a can of this up on a whim at Big Lots for $1.30 and it is SO easy. I used one of those graham cracker pie shells, opened a can of this filling, and put it in the fridge. In four hours I added some lime zest and whipped cream...my friends did not believe how good it was for coming out of a can! I went back the next day and bought what they had left on the shelf. Highly recommended!!
One star given just for possibility that some cats out there may be less (or different) picky from ours.  See my review of CAT-MAN-DOO BONITO SPRINKLES for info on several products I "tested" in search of a flavor/appetite enhancer, including this shrimp version and another F&S tuna treat product that was much better received by our gang of four.
This is a very very good tea, bearing the name Sibu. English tea is really nice and really really really really really good.
These chocolates are absolutely the best, smooth in taste and almost delicate in texture. Their an absolute MUST for any chocolate fan, I've never been a fan of milk chocolate, but these Fazer chocolates are the absolute exception! I highly recommend these chocolates to anyone who loves chocolate as much as i do!
I'm of Russian descent and have been eating buckwheat for my entire life. I live in the US and usually buy buckwheat in local Russian or Eastern European stores. This is the first (and last) time I tried American-made buckwheat. Here are things that I found.<br /> 1. It takes only 10-12 min to cook this. Normally, it takes 25-30 min. And this item is not branded as an "instant buckwheat"<br /> 2. It tastes quite different than "usual"<br /> 3. There is a strong metallic smell<br /> 4. This item is overpriced. Just go to the closest Russian or Eastern European shop and buy the same thing 4 times cheaper.
When we lived in Omaha we fell in love with Pears coffee.  I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.  For the price there is really no comparison.  We've tried other flavors, but always end up going back to colombio supremo.  We are now on direct ship every three months with Amazon.  Try it.. it's better than the grocery store options and less expensive.
I bought the 4 pack of this coffee based on the reviews of others and the price. It is a lot of coffee, since we drink less than 1 pot per day.  I really enjoy the flavor.  I put a little cream and sweetener (agave nectar) in my coffee, but this coffee has great flavor that comes through.  I'm not super picky on coffee, but I can tell when I have "bad" coffee.  This is definitely good coffee and I plan to keep buying this coffee as the only coffee we have in our house.
Awesome tasting Tea in a 16 oz. can!  I highly recommend this product because it taste great and doesn't cost a lot.
Prince of Tea brand teas are great. The premium oolong tea is good, but I found that I like their organic oolong to taste better than the premium, and it generally costs less too. Prince of Tea is a well known and environmentally concious company and you'll do well to buy their products.
I started loving Oolong tea after I discovered a bottled product called 'Tejava'. That product is over a dollar for a 12 ounce bottle. I needed something less expensive so I tried this 'Prince of Peace' brand Oolong.<br /><br />After a few brewing experiments, I now love this stuff.<br /><br />What I have learned; If brewing as 'sun tea' this type of tea seems to come out very weak. If you put this tea in boiling water, it may come out bitter.<br /><br />I now heat up my water in a microwave until it is, very hot to the touch, but no way near boiling. I then put in the tea bags and let it brew for about twenty minutes (I like strong tea). I have, to my taste, duplicated the 'Tejava' brew at a fraction of the original cost.<br /><br />Enjoy<br /><br />Ken
I drink three cups of this each day, made with one Oolong tea bag and one green tea bag, in a large mug.  I believe this has helped me to lose about 8 lbs. in the last five months.  I drink it without sweeteners, and also cold. The price for this is very reasonable, and the taste is mild.
Unexcelled as to price and equal in quality to the best !
I have been drinking oolong tea for several months now. I find it quite a nice morning beverage instead of coffee. It is also a great pick me up in the afternoon. One of the benefits of oolong tea is increased energy, which for me it works. This oolong tea is great tasting and light flavored. I will definitely continue to purchase it.
The tea tastes great hot or iced.  Very good for the price.  I recieved the package fast with no problems.
I'm drinking oolong tea because Dr Oz said it would raise metabolism, the jury is still out.......really how would you know? I have lost weight but that's because I quit drinking coffee which I added too much cream to and started working out a lot more. It does not taste the all that great so I add 3 equals and drink it after it cools.
Superior flavor, not too green, not too black. Loved it from the first cup.I put a hint of Splenda/Sugar blend in mine and am substituting it for coffee these days. Stumbled on it in  a shop but will be getting it thru Amazon in the future. I am here now because after tasting it I wanted to be sure I could buy it on line and have it delivered to the door. Again, a definite yes product! maggiemay
I want to give my cats as much variety as possible. They are family and they matter. Variety makes them happy. And their health & wellbeing are important. Giving them good, healthy food and treats are apart of showing them how loved they are. Unfortunately, I have to go online to find some treats as the stores don't carry the variety any more.
It only takes a cursory look at my reviewing history to realize that I haven't exactly made a career out of rating gum, but this new Trident Vitality is so darn good that I thought I'd better get in a few words on it. I've tried all three of the available flavors and can't seem to choose a favorite.<br /><br />The Peppermint with Ginseng flavor reviewed here is definitely pretty awesome. The gum has the physical profile of an old-school Chicklet. It only takes a bite or two for the strong peppermint flavor to kick in. And man, does this gum LAST. I can usually go a good 3-4 hours and still get some flavor out of this stuff. That makes it a good value in my book for sure.<br /><br />Typically retails for around $1.39/pack at my local grocer, although I've caught it on sale for under a dollar once or twice.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
Hi, i ordered this product from another website but i wanted to post a review on here since it has the same product.<br />Okay first of all the packaging looks nice and neat not messy like others, just pure and simple...maybe too simple?.<br />they dont give the ingredients info which is an automatic fail, on the back it says "allergy warning CONTAINS: SOY"  another fail<br />they dont tell us what the gum does, does it whiten teeth? fight bad breath? or what!? you know...<br /><br />it has the word "Vitality, which means active" but thats all they say nothing more?....<br /><br />the taste is like any other gum
I would have to say that my dog is a picky eater. I have tried all types of different brands of food and finally found one that she loves. She also suffers from skin allergies and even though she is on meds I think this food has helped a bit with her dry skin. I only have one issue her breath smells really fishy after she eats but thats not even a big deal anymore. Also the price is cheaper than other online stores like petco and petsmart plus free delivery. All in all If Mona's happy so am I.
The Natural Balance Alpha Grain-free Trout, Salmon meal and Whitefish Formula is working very good for my dog. There is no digestive problems. It also keeps the fur shinny. Be sure to provide a lot of water for the dog as he always drinks a lot an hour or two after the meals.
I moved to Las Vegas from San Jose last year and have been missing my Peet's Coffee Jasmine Downey Pearls tea.  When I saw this product I bought a shipment right away. I was not disappointed.  I love the individual silken sachets of Jasmine Tea pearls.  It is fragrant and wonderful tea. I will be buying it again.
Harney & Sons' Dragon Pearl Jasmine tea is one of the cleanest and most delicate of commercially-available teas I've encountered.<br /><br />My first experience with it was at the Williamsburg Lodge, in Virginia, where it was served over the 3 days of an annual convention I attend there.  While a shame to have to sip it standing up or moving between speaker sessions, I had a remarkable sense of being elevated above the rush around me.  The bouquet is evocative and tended to linger in the air yet was in no way overpowering... more like a stroll through a jasmine-studded garden.  Upon tasting, the first impression seems to register near the tip of the tongue, as if sweet, and as the flavor develops in the mouth there is a recognition that it is, in fact, tea but without insistent tannic or other strong overtones.  A fine impression remains when the cup is set down and the intake of breath recharges the sensation.<br /><br />There is no settling of heavy flavors-- a cup is as fine and pleasurable from first sip to last.  I also have found that this tea maintains its character despite the array of waters I have used to make it.  Some brews become distinctly unpleasant when the leaves are introduced to certain mineral-rich well water or treated city water.  The best experience no doubt is when using filtered water, but it is not requisite to enjoying Jasmine Pearl.<br /><br />As a wake-me-up tea on a work morning, I would likely choose a more robust leaf.  However, for a proper moment of relaxation-- or an attempt to induce one in the midst of chaos!-- I hope to never run out of this tea.
Works good in the blender for shakes and ice slush.<br /><br />Can not find decaf in stores.<br /><br />Can add other flavors and spices to  taste.<br /><br />Good for nutrition builder.
I really wanted a decaf product so didn't have a lot of options. This powder essentially makes a chocolate flavored blended drink, even when I use cold decaf coffee or espresso as the "base", the chocolate is what you taste. When I think of an iced coffee drink, I think of coffee with a hint of chocolate (mocha) not the other way around.<br /><br />As other reviewers point out, the 150 calories is for half the packet and no milk added.<br /><br />I will try a different brand next time. I'm still on the hunt for a mix that creates the same flavor I've experienced once in a great while at a coffee shop. Or like the iced blended at a west coast chain (CB&TL) that is overpriced to have shipped (and I think is available sugar free)!
I love Big Train! There is a local shop that sales Big Train Products.  After spending $20 a week on the stuff, I decided that I wanted to make it at my house sometimes to save a little money. The individual bags are the exact bags that the local shop uses.  I do prefer the consistency of the product when made by the shop, I think that has to do with my blender's age.  Overall, this product is super yummy!
These are so good, my next order will be on the monthly schedule.<br />Very easy to make and super delicious. We used milk and chipped<br />ice, along with the mix. I might try water one time to see how<br />that is. I wish I could rate this product higher than 5 stars.
I used to go to a local coffee shop to get these drinks for about $4. Now I can make them at home for a fraction of the cost. They are delicious! I like the single serving packets, but my husband and I end up using three packets to make two good size drinks.
This product is delicious!  It is the frappacino mix a lot of independent coffee shops use.  You will not be disappointed.
Big Train Decaf Mocha Blended Coffee is so very, very good.  In my later years I find I do not tolerate caffine well and it has been hard to find a decaf to replace the coffee treats I have created for myself...with caffine.  This is great...Makes a lot and will keep it in stock with auto reorder on Amazon...to save even more money and be certain I do not run out.
This is a delicious oil. The walnut flavor really stands out. We keep this oil in the refrigerator, to preserve freshness and taste. Definitely shake it well before each use. Everyone comments on how good it tastes whenever we use it. So, it's pretty universal in its appeal.<br /><br />We make a salad dressing using this walnut oil, blood orange vinegar and honey. The ratio of all ingredients is 1:1. E.g.:<br />- 1/4 cup blood orange vinegar<br />- 1/4 cup roasted walnut oil<br />- 1/4 cup honey<br />(adjust to your taste buds)<br />Mix with a blender or hand blender (or by shaking the jar, but a blender mixes much better, especially with the thick honey). Wow, is this a wonderful salad dressing!<br /><br />By the way, we use this blood orange vinegar: "Cuisine Perel Blood Orange Vinegar", which is available via Amazon. It has a wonderful flavor.
I make an extended butter using this oil, water and liquid lecithin.  It is just the BEST tasting spread ever and much healthier because of the walnut oil.  I keep mine refrigerated to preserve that wonderful taste and aroma.  It tends to settle out so be sure to shake it before using to get the full flavor and consistency. I didn't know to do this on the  first container and when I got to the bottom it was very thick, almost sludgy, with the roasted bits.  Amazon's price is pretty fair although I can occasionally find it locally (TJ Maxx)a bit cheaper. But I must say ordering from Amazon and getting it shipped straight to me is VERY convenient.  I've never had any problems with damaged or leaking containers on this product (well maybe a small dent in the metal but that's all).
I've used La Tourangelle roasted walnut oil during the barbeque season for the past four years or so. It's a great product and I won't fire-up the hibachi without it. Along with various vinegars, I'll splash it on mushrooms, peppers and whatever veggies I have from the garden.  (The main dish is usually tofu, but I have a special marinade for that.)  One 500 ml can lasts me about one season while the other two keep well in the refrigerator. From what little shopping-around I've done I think the price would be hard to beat.
Flavor 5 STARS:  First time I used the oil I poured some in a saute pan to scramble some eggs. It ended up being an earthy mushroom like flavor. I loved it.  I pour it on my dogs food occasionally and they love it.  I wanted to buy this originally because I watched the Dr. OZ tv show and he recommended ingesting a little every day for its anti-inflammatory properties.  I gave some oil to my Aunt who has an auto-immune disease and she likes the oil as well. I would definitely buy this product again.<br /><br />Ding for metal alloy container: It is cheap metal and though it was packaged well by Amazon.com the containers probably got dented in Amazon's warehouse because it didn't seem like the packaging should have caused the dents.  The way it was packaged if there was any damage it would probably only be dents to the containers so I would say "expect" dents with any shipment of oils if this company uses the same cheaper kind of metal alloy for their containers.  Dents do not make the product taste worse so I do not worry about the taste.  I will return it if the containers leak but that would not stop me from ordering again.  However, the odds of leaking happening probably statistically is not "often" if you receive shipments regularly.
La Tourangelle Roasted Walnut is the best tasting oil I have ever had. My old favorite was Avocado oil but this is even better and keeps longer. I pour it on everything. Make a great mayonnaise. Spinkle on baked stuffed shrimp or baked fish. Drizzled on steak or chicken and as a topping for pasta and bruschetta with some garlic, parsley and parmesan cheese. Addictive so you'll want to have it in the house all the time. Buy it you will love it.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ5EJQ">La Tourangelle Roasted Walnut Oil, 16.9-Ounce Cans (Pack of 3)</a><br />I had already ordered this and had two left in my refrigerator, having given one to my brother.  He shared it with mutual friends, who loved it too, so I ordered another package for Christmas gifts to those who had fallen in love with it after tasting his sharing.  I then used it (1 C.) in my peanut butter chocolate chip cookie recipe (see review of Skippy Natural Creamy PB).  This arrived today and I have to cheer!<br /><br />Thank you SO much!  This product was securely and SNUGGLY packaged in the perfect sized box so it did not slide about or damage itself!  THANK YOU SO MUCH AMZ for giving due attention to appropriate and PROPER packaging to these three cans of walnut oil!  PERFECT! (YAY!)<br /><br />It is lovely and so yummy that I also ordered a set of the Pecan oil too.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PO7FBW">La Tourangelle Roasted Pecan Oil, 8.45-Ounce Tin</a><br /><br />And, remember to check out the others - pistachio, hazelnut, pumpkin, almond, etc.<br />This is a great answer for those of us with non-nut food allergies (Dairy, Soy, Gluten, Lime, Mint, Grapes) that allow us to use these oils to give some enchantment to our cooking and baking.  I subbed it for the peanut oil in my PB cookies and it added a nice note to them.  Like Christmas!  YUMM!<br /><br />Remember, (like so many other helpful reviewers advise) to keep it in the refrig!
wow.  I read the great feedback on this product and took the plunge and was not disappointed.  We had bought some other walnut oil at WF and this one blows that out of the water.  The flavor, aroma, and price are second to none.<br /><br />My fav recipe so far:<br />take a large yam/sweet potatoe, cut in 1/4 inch strips lenthwise (like a long potatoe chip).  baste in oil and salt.  broil for 10 min per side.  enjoy!
We have used this product before and love it, so decided to send some as a gift to friends.  The cans were received dented.  Two of the cans were significantly dented.  The 3 cans were taped together, but no other packaging was in the box.  One side of the box was torn.  The shipping receipt was not included nor was the "gift" message that we had requested.  Our friends had no idea where these 3 beat up looking cans of Walnut Oil came from or who sent them until we called and asked if they had received them.  Shipping was also suppose to be in 2-3 days.  Was not received until day 6.  Will find another way to purchase this product, but not through Amazon.
In a "feeling carefree" moment at the grocery  -- I purchased a can of this oil thinking to myself I would be tossing ~$7 in the trash later, but I was always curious about that little shiny metal can of Walnut Oil..  Yesterday, I took the plunge and OMGz is this oil awesome!!  I put it to use in my pasta sauce, replacing the Olive oil, and it was delicious!  The can says to refrigerate immediately after opening to preserve the oil, but I do not think its going to last very long before its empty..
Always a fan of La Tourangelle oils, this time the hazelnut oil was received as a gift via Amazon.<br /><br />Not only is the oil wonderful and delicate for salads, and some sauteeing, Amazon now packages the cans to come dent free and protected.<br /><br />Great buy!
I enjoy the flavor and use it for much of my cooking and add it as the oil to my home made granola.  It does not cook well on high heats (as advertised), but does well at medium to low heat.  It's health benefits far outweigh vegetable oil and canola oils.  I use both this and coconut oils whenever possible for flavor.
The toasted flavor is so much better than regular walnut oil; the price is the best I can find and we store it in the fridge for longer life.
This is the good kind of fat, and tastes great.<br />I actually like the taste better than butter.  It has a similar quality- rich, indulgent, blends well with foods, and it is way healthier than butter.  Not as aggressive tasting as olive oil.<br />I have substituted it for butter every chance I get, with good results. (disclaimer- I'm not much of a cook...)<br /><br />Please buy this, so Amazon will keep it in stock for me.  It costs much more in stores, and is hard to find
I almost can't put into words how much I love this product - the packaging, the flavor, the health benefits, the price (especially with the subscription discount) - fabulous!  The vinaigrette recipe on the can is phenomenal - I mix up a couple of cups of it and keep it in a squeeze bottle in the fridge, use it on greens, antipasto, and grilled chicken.  I use the oil straight for the finishing touch on a lot of items.  Recently I found myself with a last-minute invitation to dinner and not a lot of ingredients in the house to throw together a contribution - settled on a white bean bruscetta with a drizzle of this oil, and people swooned.  It elevates everything it touches.
So happy I got this on a subscription. I might even have to increase the frequency that it is delivered. I've used it in everything from scrambled eggs to brownies. It's not mild like olive oil, but it has enhanced the flavor of everything I've cooked!
I ordered a set of three cans and they showed up yesterday in perfect condition (no dents).  So far I have made some boiled red potatoes and seasoned them with walnut oil and sea salt.  I also roasted some yukon gold potatoes and english squash with the oil and it turned out wonderful--the walnut oil gives it a great flavor.  I will be giving one can to my parents.  Since my mom is not a fan of olive oil it will give my dad a new flavor to play with in his cooking.
The walnut oil is really good. I later will often come to buy it.I hope you will like it too.
Enjoyed the product, pleasant flavor,  used it to in all my cooking, i will be purchasing it again. Cans were dented on arrival... but did not harm the product.
I had bought small cans previously and they arrived inadequately packaged, so they all had tiny dents. These, however, arrived undented, well-packaged in bubble wrap. I have not yet opened them, but I have used the small cans. This oil is great quality, and the price is not overblown. Recommended.
We've been using walnut oil for many years; we brush it on toast to take the place of butter, eliminating much of the saturated fat from our diets. It's also wonderful in salads--try it tossed into greens with a few nuts and chopped stone fruit or grapes, and a fruity vinegar. This product is of excellent quality and Amazon has a great price for it.
the walnut oil has a wonderful taste to it.  I have used it in salads, salad dressing, couscous, and a variety of other things.  Thank you for a wonderful product.  Definately worth the money.
This oil has a wonderful, mild, roasted walnut flavor that I found irresistible in a salad dressing (it will now be my go-to oil for homemade dressings).  There is a recipe for vinaigrette right on the back of the can.  Bought it because it's omega-3 content is second only to flaxseed oil, plus, it's made in California!<br /><br />Definitely buy it on Amazon, so much cheaper than the grocery store.
We ordered this on our Doctor's recommendation and take a tablespoon every day as a supplement. It's supposed to have several omega acids.Also tasty on salads.
Walnut oil is an essential ingredient in our favorite waffle batter. This oil is the best we've used for the price. GREAT aroma!!!
great product and priced well, we've ordered this several times over the past few years and really like their walnut oil,  packaged well and ships on time, will keep ordering this product from the same seller
I love the walnut oil. It came in cans which i like a lot because you hardly see them any more. The walnut oil was better quality than any of the walnut oil I bought in my neighbourhood and cheaper even with the shipping charge. I recommend it to anyone.
La Tourangelle makes some really good oils. I like this company alot...try the sesame oil too.
what a fresh smell and a very pleasant taste.<br />it,s very good for you too. I use it in place of olive oil, for salads and cooking.
One of my favorite salad recipes I make often calls for walnut oil.  I bought a small bottle from a local major grocery store and it was over $10 for about 6 ounces.  Steep!  I love walnuts so naturally I loved this oil from my very first taste.  But the price was not right so I searched on the Internet and found this.  I was a little reluctant to buy 3 cans as I thought they go rancid before I can finish but I am now on my last can.  I use it in place of EVOO to make other vinaigrettes too.  Or just splash this walnut oil and my favorite raspberry vinegar and B&S (or seasons salt like Krazy Salt) over spring mix, it is an easy but great green salad! I do this a lot when I need a quick side. Anyway, this oil goes well with anything and it does not taste too nutty.  Just a touch of nice walnut flavor (of course, I love walnuts so even if it tastes very "walnutty," I would still like it!)<br /><br />Anyway, it is a great product and I will buy the same pack again!
This is a great oil for baking it gives a nutty flavor. It also works great in dressings much better than olive oil.
I found the oil a bit weak in taste. I had expected a stronger walnut flavor. I hope it is not chemically produced like most truffle oils.
I really wanted to like this, as it was organic, and came in a glass bottle, but there was hardly any flavor at all. I could barely smell it, and even when I poured a generous amount on my dish, it imparts little to no truffle flavor/aroma. My truffle salt is much more potent.
I enjoyed the carbonation with a hint of blackberry and liked the fact there are no calories or artificial sweeteners.
This was not good. The flavor was lacking and barely came through unlike the Hint water -- which I really enjoy. I wanted this to be good and was so excited to get it but it just disappointed.
This product helped us tremendously. When our 2 year old daughter started day care, she wouldn't eat at the center and she began losing weight. We started her on Pediasure in the mornings as an insurance policy that she was getting enough nutrion. It worked great she stopped losing weight and actually started gaining :). She loves the taste, especially the strawberry flavor.
This is awesome! it really helped my daughter gain the much needed weight for a reasonable price. Will do business again :)
Glad to find this for a birthday present as hard to find decaf ones in store.<br /><br />Makes good ice slushy and milk sakes cold.<br /><br />For those who can not take decaf, these are , and making them at home sure beats Starbucks prices.
This coffee mix is so easy to make and taste great.  I enjoy ALL their flavors as my kids do too.  Hard to keep around.  Buying a box of it at a time helps.
Personal preference... too sweet.  Tastes like General Foods International Coffees.  Price is great if you like that, though.  And makes up very easy.
This product was okay tasting. My problem with it was the 10 oz container with less than 6 oz of sprinkles. Really?!?
Strong, dark, intense. Strong enough for a man but mellow enough for a woman. It really is a good coffee with no bitter after taste. I just love it. It's good with cream and sweetner with no watered down taste or just plain. Wish they made a decaf then I could drink it 24/7.
I love Taco Bell's grocery items, so I was excited to try this new rice. Unfortunately, it was disappointing. This is more of an imitation Spanish rice than a Mexican rice. It is tomato based, and very sweet. I expected it to have more of a taco type seasoning (cumin, garlic, etc).I cooked the rice for the recommended amount of time (90 seconds) and this came out very mushy and sticky, mostly clumping together. The flavor was too much for me, since I do not like sweet rice with my tacos. I would not try this again, and I would be hesitant to try another flavor.
If anyone is looking for delicious and healthy snack, Doctor Kracker is an answer.  However, the hard crispiness is for people with good teeth.
These flatbreads are definitely my favorite cracker, but they're messy when I break them apart to have something closer to bite-sized.<br /><br />Caution: Despite the description that they are made with spelt and good for people with wheat issues, people with celiac disesase cannot eat these. Spelt has gluten and the flatbreads contain barley malt. I love them and heartily recommend them, but please don't misunderstand the nature of spelt and accidentally serve them to someone with gluten intolerance.<br /><br />Oh, yes, great price at Amazon compared to my local grocery store. I hope that advantage continues.
With all the meds I take, I have a lot of problems with my stomach. I try a cracker first, when nausea hits, with Gaviscon or Tums being the next up to bat if that doesn't work.<br /><br />These are so wonderfully yummy that I then bought the Pumpkin Seed Cheddar too! The flatbread is great alone, or used instead of bread.  The crunch is intense, although I love it that way. I keep these next to my chair and next to my bed and look forward to trying other flavors too.
Have tried many crackers, including some other Dr. Kracker, and think this tastes the BEST.  It's hard/crunchy with lots of seeds on it, so if that's an issue, it might not be for everyone.  Buying it in Amazon's 6-pack makes it less expensive than purchasing in the store.
I eat them just like this!  I like something with substance to it, and when you eat these, you know you're eating something.  They're healthy, taste good, and are reasonably priced.
This is one of the best dried organic crackers around. Highly recommend them compared to other available types of similar products.
Could not stop eating these after the first taste!  High quality ingredients make a big difference.  Love the crunch and the seeds.  The subtle sweetness is nice too, much less heavy-handed than in most products.
Love these crackers and all of the Dr Kracker products.  I use Subscribe and Save to save a little bit of money and to insure that I don't run out.  I pretty much eat one every day instead of bread.  My current favorite topping is goat cheese!
I like these crackers so much I just ordered a different flavor.  These are very crunchy and satisfying.  I put two crackers into a zip lock baggie.  Break them into bite sized pieces and this is my treat throughout the day and into the evening and they are very filling.  I do recommend them however I don't know how well they'd go over for those with dentures.  Because they are so crisp and because they have seeds of various sizes.  Very good find.  Love um.
I am always on the lookout for healthy but tasty foods that are low in calories. These crackers are good, not in a "omg" type of good, but they have an interesting yet addictive taste that I can't really explain. I would definately recommend them. Everyone I give them to keeps asking me for more. I guess I should stop sharing.
These are delicious and filling. I first had them in Hawaii a few weeks ago but then couldn't find them when I got back home to Philly. Amazon had them and a good selection. If you are a seed and nut eater and like a crispy cracker you will love these. Enjoy!
Thanks to the wonderful reviews I read about this crispbread, I decided to purchase. There are many other crispbreads/crackers that I've purchased that taste like cardboard and have little flavor.  I think this crispbread is really delicious - a little sweet with lots of crunch and a variety of seeds. Great flavor.  I like that it's organic, whole grain, and relatively high in protein.  It's a little different from other crackers and it is great topped with egg or tuna salad or all by itself. Delicious! I will have to try some of the other Doctor Kracker Crispbreads. I will certainly be ordering more of these.
These are the only crackers that I buy.  So Healthy and so good.  Eat them with a salad and you have the perfect lunch.
These crackers are a great healthy snack without anything spread on them. My only dislike is that they are a tad too sweet for me. I'd like them without the molasses.
Outstanding product...I am always going to have them around.  Far and above most crackers for taste and good nutrition.
Each of these flatbread crackers has 4 grams of protein, 3 grams of fiber, and only 100 calories, so they're substantive and filling by themselves. However, because they're so firm and sturdy, they make a good base for more complex snacks.<br /><br />One very simple addition is to sprinkle shredded cheese on top of a cracker and microwave it until the cheese melts (~15 seconds). You could even stack another cracker on top before microwaving to make a tightly-bonded cheese-and-flatbread sandwich.<br /><br />Just about any recipe you would normally make on top of a cracker or on top of a piece of toast can work here.
This flatbread is just delicious. I love all the various seeds, very crunchy. There is a hint of sweet but in a delicious way.
I love these flatbreads. I smear mascarpone on them and then so many diffferent things on top of that to make a wonderful snack or lite meal. Their very crunchy and tasty. I watch my diet closely since I have Diabetes and these crackers are very low in Net Carbs in addition to tasting good. The other flavors are good too. I've twice now had to move up their delivery since I go thru them quick. You'll love em and will have fun trying different toppings for them. I really like them with Lox, mascarpone cream cheese and Dr. Kracker...don't forget the capers.
This is an excellent product. It is healthy, delicious, has a great texture and feel in your mouth and goes perfectly with hummus or other spreads!
Just tried the Doctor Kracker seedlander crackers today and they are delicious! I'm going to try their other flavors soon. Can't believe how good these are.
the first moment you bite into this cracker, you will notice the difference.  This tasty, crunchy, organic cracker is perfect with soup or salad.  It is certified organic, using quality ingredients.  The cracker is dry, not greasy or oily like a typical potato chip.<br /><br />comes in several different varieties and flavors.<br /><br />* recommended *
These are wonderful!  So crunchy and they're made from whole spelt as well as seeds and a big helping of tasty.<br /><br />I found them remarkably filling too.  They're nice and big.  It would be easy to make these the basis for a light meal adding just a few toppings.<br /><br />I ordered these sight unseen and never tasted so I had no preconceived notions.  I'm very pleased and will order these again.
These crackers rock.  Wish company would let you buy assortment since you have to buy minimum of 6 boxes at a time.
These are excellent snack crackers, but you need a really good set of teeth to bite into them!  We have eaten them plain but they are probably excellent with cheese also.  The interesting thing is that once you manage to bite a piece off they are not hard to chew!<br /><br />Chock full of healthy seeds, these are great for either a snack or to accompany a bowl of soup or a salad.
I subscribe to these now & switch around to the different flavors sometimes. High in fiber and trace minerals, I mostly eat these with diffeent flavors of sardines (kippers), tuna, and anything else that would go good with any other crackers. This is part of my change to a healthier diet, that I started about 6 years ago, now at age fifty. My blood pressure & cholesteral are the best they have ever been. My dentist has even stated my gums are looking healthier (no more bleeding gums) a first for me. On line with the teeth issue, these probably are to hard for those with loose or weak teeth. But if you want a decently tasty cracker, to replace bad snacking habits, their probably isn't anything better. I first came across these at Jason's Deli, so I googled them and read reviews as you are doing now.If you are not sure if you will like them try getting them at your local deli. They usually have a couple of flavors and are the smaller cracker not flatbread, but taste the same. Also over the years I have modified what I eat, first I started as a lo-carber, mostly eating my favorite meats etc., but my triglicerides were always high, so I started adding sardines & more nuts & fruits, skipping more often some of my favorites like fried chicken. But have found excellent & flavorful alternatives, dark chocolate Almonds, some Sara Lee breads, lo-carb brands of tortillas.I still fall off once in a while & eat out often, but always get back on course. I feel better and healthier & actually enjoy & look forward to eating all the varieties of foods I've painstakingly researched over the years. Which I keep on hand, so as not to eat bad too often.
These are the best crackers I've ever eaten.  two crackers spread with cheese feel like a meal to my belly. I spread them with aged bleu cheese, omg good!  Why have I never tried or even seen these before?
This is the only oatmeal that my family will even consider eating.  I make it in the crock pot overnight and it is always ready when we are.  I use my small crock pot for the two of us.  I start with a 1/2 cup of oatmeal; add a dash of cinnamon and a splash of vanilla; add a 1/2 cup of milk and 2 cups cold water.  Place the lid on the crock pot and plug it in.  It will be ready in the morning when you are.  I let mine cook approx 10 hours.  My small crock pot has no settings- just off or on.  We love to add some brown sugar and dried blueberries or Craisins at the table.
I make a bowl of McCann's every morning in the little crockpot for my breakfast; add a banana, and it's perfect!!  Try it and you'll never eat 'the other stuff' again!!
I'll be honest, if you want a quick breakfast don't purchase this oatmeal. But, if you have time to spare or don't mind waiting for some "good eats", this is the oatmeal for you.<br /><br />Step 1. pour some milk into a sauce pan; Step 2. add a dash of salt [or salt to taste]; Step 3. add oatmeal, making sure it stays covered by milk; Step 4. turn on stove to low heat [not too low but definitely not too high, as you don't want the milk to evaporate/dry out leaving you with tough oats in pan] and cover pan; Step 5. do some little cleaning to built up appetite making sure to ck on progress periodically; Step 6. add more milk if oats are still too tough and let it simmer for a little while longer; Step 7. get your ladle/just pour directing into a bowl add a few raisins/cranberries/your favorite dried fruit and ENJOY!
Purchased case of 6 cans from Amazon.com for [...]  bucks including shipping.<br />Good quality slow cooking oatmeal. Good shelf life on cans. This is the slow cooking type 20-40 minutes depending on preference. Taste is good.
My daughter and I eat low-carb. Which oatmeal is not really, by the way. But I was looking for something that we could eat in the morning that was not meat/dairy/egg, and was gluten-free, and filling, without being pure sugar like most breakfast foods and especially grains. I decided to try these long-cooking irish oats. We use 2 cups water and 1/2 cup dry oats, for 1/4cup dry each. It takes this stuff 30 minutes+ to cook so it is not fast food, for sure. But strangely enough, it's filling. Adding fats (couple tablespoons of cream) to the serving helps that of course. In any case, it is much tastier, and much more long-lasting for keeping us satisfied, than I expected, and surprisingly stable on blood sugar. Nor has it set off cravings like most grains, fruits, etc. do if we eat those; the sugars digest so slowly in this apparently. It is more solid and nutty than the flakey quick-oats I grew up with, which I now consider a gummy gluey sugarbomb insult to true oats. These are harder to find and cost more but they're worth it.
Perhaps some of you are like I was... wanting to take advantage of the health benefits of oatmeal, but uncertain how to prepare it so that you and your family will actually eat it. After experimenting a bit, and reading lots of recipes, I've come up with a simple, yet tasty way to prepare McCANN's Steel Cut Irish Oatmeal. Give it a try, and you may decide that oatmeal can be a healthy and delicious addition to your breakfast menu.<br /><br />Recipe:<br /><br />- Start by bringing 3 cups of water to a boil (about 3 minutes in the microwave).<br />- In a medium saucepot, melt 1 tablespoon of butter then add 1 cup of oats. Toast the oats on medium heat for about 3 minutes.<br />- Add the boiling water to the toasted oats and simmer for 25 minutes. Don't stir. It should get to a soft bubbling simmer.<br />If it boils to hard, you stove is set too hot, so turn it down or it will burn.<br />- Add 1 cup of milk (or can do with a mix of milk and buttermilk).<br />- Cook an additional 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.<br /><br />Makes 4-5 good size servings with excellent texture and consistency. It thickens once it sits a little bit. You can increase or decrease the milk to adjust the consistency as desired. You can also save it for up to a week in the refrigerator without much difference in taste. Just store in small sealed bowls. Each can of McCANNs oatmeal makes about 16-20 servings.<br /><br />Everyone likes to top and sweeten their oatmeal differently (sugar, brown sugar, maple syrup, raisins, etc.). Only add the toppings when you're ready to eat it, not before storing in the refrigerator. For my serving, I like to add 2 tsp of brown sugar, a sprinkle of cinnamon, about 1/2 tbsp of butter, and then top with chopped pecans. Very tasty. Hope you enjoy!<br /><br />Please be kind enough to indicate if reviews are helpful.
I like it, it reminds me of food from my childhood. Not something I'd eat everyday.  Kinda like the way I feel about grits. You need to cook them for a long time. How you serve them makes all the difference in the world.  Great for baking, but you have to know the product before you try baking with it.  Taste?  Real wholesome, good stick to your ribs food, takes some effort like granola. Healthy eating?  Yes.
If you follow the cooking directions, in my opinion, you have wallpaper paste.  Cut the cooking time from 30 minutes to 20 minutes, and it is much better - a little chewy, but that's how I like it!  Breakfast takes more planning now, since it's a longer cooking time than my old brand - but good taste and worth it.
We were introduced to McCANN's oatmeal a few years ago by close friends.  We were able to find it locally in a few stores near where we live.  However the these few stores gradually became fewer until the product was no longer available to us.  This left us with the internet as the only option for obtaining this product.  Hopefully this resource will not fade away.<br /><br />Joyce
Very satisfied with this product ; excellent flavor and texture; recomment for those looking for good  breakfast choice
Delighted with my first ever Irish Oats/Steel Cut.  As a Diabetic this should help me with my blood sugar -- natural carb with a slow release!<br /><br />Cook up a batch in the slow cooker and use left overs (microwave) for a couple of days.  Great . . . will be purchasing more.<br /><br />Thanks McCann's and Amazon.
I have been having Quaker Oatmeal for yesrs until trying this today! The texture and the taste are completely different from the pressed oat. It worths cooking for half hour. My son love it at the first bite! My 8-month-old baby is also love it! I uaually cook the portion which will be enough for 2~3 days. Drop one spoon or two into the worm milk every morning to make my breakfast much more healthier! This one is so good that it will be hard for me to go back to pressed oatmeal.....
The oatmeal inside the canisters was good.  However, the packaging by Amazon was terrible.  Every single can arrived dented, and several of the cans popped open.  Amazon treats products terribly... I haven't ordered from Amazon in a long time, not since they sent me expired Pirate's Booty, which I tossed.  I thought they had gotten better and decided to give them another try.  What a  mistake.  Never again.  Customer service at Amazon leaves much to be desired, as well.  IF you get someone, they'll probably speak broken English and be very hard to understand.  Then they will not understand the problem.  You'll have to ask for a supervisor who, you hope, will speak better English.  Be prepared to wait a LONG time for a supervisor, and you may be disconnected several times before actually getting through to a supervisor.  The supervisor will ask for every piece of identification imaginable, not short of your SSN, before saying, "Well, what do you want me to do?"  "Uh, you're customer service... Service the customer???"  Amazon has lost my business forever.
I really like this product to add to water so that I don't have to drink so much Gatorade and sweetened/acidic beverages.  I use this because I have very low sodium levels and my doctors do not want me drinking "free water".<br /><br />The only complaint I have is that it didn't arrive when promised and I didn't have it in time to take with me on vacation.
I ordered these for my upcoming wedding candy buffet. I am doing all navy and white and these go perfectly. They are individually wrapped and a true navy color. The packaging was great. Each lollipop is wrapped in bubble wrap. Love them!
These lollipops are are well done, look exactly like the picture. Not a single one was broken! They packaged each lollipop so nicely, very impressed!
Perfect! These are great vintage looking lollipops for our vintage wedding. Good quality. Pic on Amazon selling page is what you get.
About ten years ago my wife and I stayed at a small resort near Domenical, Costa Rica.  Lizano was on every table in the restaurant.  We were quickly hooked.  Lizano goes great with eggs, beans, rice, tortillas, pork, fish, etc.  It's really tasty and nothing taco sauce or steak sauce.  We're on our second case now.  Give it a try.
About twenty years ago, I visited Costa Rico, and on my very first night, I stopped at a small restaurant, and ended up eating what is the typical dish. Rice, with some vegetables mixed in, also some chicken. The chicken and veggies are chopped up into small pieces, and all of it is cooked in a pan, and served warm. It is really good, but what really makes it is the Salsa Lizano, which used to be on every table in Costa Rico, now you may have to ask for it, as it is really popular. This salsa is great on cabbage, chicken, rice dishes, just about anything. I always made a point of bring a bottle or two home with me, as it was not possible to purchase anywhere in America.<br /><br />  Trust me, try some of this stuff, you will not regret it. Also, it is not what I would consider a hot sauce. Sure it has a little heat, but very mild.
My baby enjoyed this flavor when I purchased it at a store.  I ordered a case of it from Amazon.  the whole case arrived moldy.  Each jar popped when I opened it too, showing that it was properly sealed.  I contacted Earth's Best.  They said they would look into it but would not follow up with me.  Given what is going on in our food industry, I will not purchase any more products from this company.  It is to scary when feeding a baby.  Amazon refunded me but did not take it any further.  Be very careful and inform other families too.  UPDATE: I was so disappointed with the lack of concern from Earth's Best and Amazon.  I contacted the FDA, they referred me to the USDA because the product contained meat.  They took it very serious and had also received several complaints.  They have come to my house and written a report.  If anyone else noticed this problem please contact the USDA (1-888-674-6854).<br />to report your claim/problem.  They will investigate the problem and the Earth's Best Plant to make sure they are following regulations.
I tested this one on my twin 10-month old babies and they liked it immediately.  It was their first beef and their first spinach.  I had already given them chicken and they really like it so they are not vegetarians yet anyway.  Mostly I wanted this product for the spinach and the higher iron content.  Somehow they made this particular flavor brand tasty for babies.<br /><br />I like getting these by the case rather than buying them a jar at a time at the store since 2 babies eat so much.  It's good to keep several flavor brands around too I think, to give your baby a variety.  I'm sure I'll get another case when this one is finished.<br /><br />Ingredients per the label: Water, Organic Carrots, Organic Finely Ground Beef, Organic Spinach, Organic Garbanzo Bean Flour, Organic Tomato Paste, Organic Whole Durum Wheat Flour. CONTAINS: WHEAT.<br /><br />This has 110 calories, 31% protein, 100% vitamin A, 8% vitamin C, 4% calcium and 4% iron.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.
My baby enjoyed this flavor when I purchased it at a store.  I ordered a case of it from Amazon.  the whole case arrived moldy.  Each jar popped when I opened it too, showing that it was properly sealed.  I contacted Earth's Best.  They said they would look into it but would not follow up with me.  Given what is going on in our food industry, I will not purchase any more products from this company.  It is to scary when feeding a baby.  Amazon refunded me but did not take it any further.  Be very careful and inform other families too.  UPDATE:  I was so disappointed with the lack of concern from Earth's Best and Amazon.  I contacted the FDA, they referred me to the USDA because the product contained meat.  They took it very serious and had also received several complaints.  They have come to my house and written a report.  If anyone else noticed this problem please contact the USDA (1-888-674-6854).<br />to report your claim/problem.  They will investigate the problem and the Earth's Best Plant to make sure they are following regulations.
I ordered a flat of food (they were on sale) that contained Chicken Apple Compote Dinner. It contained 3 of this variety and he liked the first one but the others, although properly sealed, were solid and moldy and stinky.<br />One of the Turkey dinners in the flat was also improperly sealed; the lid popped. We were lucky because I just happened to check that one. Now I'm so paranoid that I check all of them several times. I called Earth's Best and they assured me that they haven't had this problem before and that I shouldn't worry about it. I'm so suprised that this got passed QA/QC inspection at a baby food manufacturer. Why would a company take the risk of bad publicity when baby food manufacturers rely so much on a reputation of safety?!<br /><br />We also recently opened 5 other jars in this flat after my son refused to eat them and realized that they were rotten.  3 of them were completely solid and domed at the top!  We poked a toothpick down to the bottom of the jar and it was dry throughout.  Shortly after eating his last dinner of this box, my son started vomiting and refused to eat.  We have contacted the USDA about this.  If this happens to you, please same your jars so you can give them the information they need.  It may prevent other babies from getting sick.<br />I'll never buy anything from Earth's Best again!
Yes I read the other reviews. And given the review dates and my other experiences with Earth's Best I was not too concerned that the problems mentioned would still be an issue. And they were not.<br /><br />We have tried almost all of the gourmet line of Earth's Best and these are great for adding protein to your little one's (LO) diet. Google the Earth Best's website for complete nutrition info. Most 2nd stage food have between 2 and 3 grams of protein a serving. This one has 5grams of protein and only 2 grams of sugars. Our LO likes the taste and we like the ingridients and nutrition profile. Recommended.
I don't think it's EB, I think it's Amazon. I buy EB from Babies R Us, Target and Whole Foods, and haven't had any problems. It's only the shipments from Amazon that come moldy.
Organic, and loaded with calories, fat and protein, this the ONLY baby food with meat that my picky little one will happily eat.  I've found that very few groceries carry this near my home (and I live in metropolitan Seattle) and so I've resorted to ordering it by the case from Amazon.  The free 2 day shipping Rocks!
When I saw some of the Earth's Best jars offered as a Gold Box deal, I remembered that I needed to offer a caveat to other parents.<br />  My children have previously enjoyed many Earth's Best flavors, which in general taste quite good, so in February when there was a promotional offer through Amazon, we ordered two 12-packs. When they arrived, one of the 12-packs seemed ok, but the other 12-pack contained several broken jars and was leaking. It smelled and looked like there might be mold under the plastic that surrounded the second 12-pack.<br />  I noticed that the shipping box holding the two 12-packs had air-filled padding on only the top side of the box, which meant that there was no padding protecting the bottom side.<br />  I don't know whether some of the jars had broken at the warehouse or during delivery, but either way, I was afraid to use the unbroken jars too, because what if the seals had broken or what if there were small pieces of broken glass inside the intact jars too?<br />For more durable items, I still order from Amazon, but I canceled my subscription of the Earth's Best jars and from now on will buy jars at a physical store where I can check them first.
I also ordered a flat of food (they were on sale) that contained The Turkey and Wild Rice Dinner.  One of them was also improperly sealed; the lid popped.  We were lucky because I just happened to check that one.  Now I'm so paranoid that I check all of them several times.  I called Earth's Best and they assured me that they haven't had this problem before and that I shouldn't worry about it.  I'm so suprised that this got passed QA/QC inspection at a baby food manufacturer.  Why would a company take the risk of bad publicity when baby food manufacturers rely so much on a reputation of safety?!
We had the same issue with this product. Half the flat was improperly sealed, and resulted in an expired food issue.  But you can spot the unsafe jars because they have dried up & turned solid, resulting in a different sound when shaken.  Also, when opened, these "bad" jars are mounded up in the middle and have a rotten smell.  It may be that the product was frozen in shipping, and the expansion caused the seal to break.  I have requested a refund from Amazon.<br /><br />Our baby did love this meal though - it was like Thanksgiving dinner.  The ones that were still edible were delicious, and are one of his favorite foods.
This jar of baby food has 7 GRAMS of FAT and 110 calories - thats triple the fat and double the calories of most baby food!  I highly recommend for babies needing to put on some lbs - as well as picky eaters.  I have to offer my son a variety of 7-8 foods each meal (cheese, avacado, chunks of meat...etc) b/c he turns up his nose at so much (and I can't just say 'well too bad' b/c he desperately needs the calories!) But this is one of the foods he rarely turns down.  I highly recommend.
I wondered why my 10-month olds liked this one so much when the other reviews weren't so promising.  Then I noted that it has twice the calories as the green bean casserole and sweet ingredients that are proven winners with my kids.<br /><br />Here's the ingredient list: Water, Organic Carrots, Organic Mango Puree, Organic Finely Ground Chicken, Organic Whole Grain Brown Rice Flour, Organic Yellow Split Pea Flakes, Calcium Carbonate.<br /><br />Anything that starts with carrots and mango is going to be fairly sweet, and this one is sweet.  The consistency seemed very normal, perhaps because it has plenty of water - that's the first ingredient.  Unlike most Earth Best flavor brands, this one has calcium.  The stated amount is 35% of their daily needs.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.<br /><br />I recommend this particular one, Chicken Mango Risotto, because I think babies will tend to like it as mine did.<br /><br />These cases are being delivered to my home constantly, different varieties of Earth's Best subscriptions.  On occasion a case will arrive in a mess with one or more broken jars. Over time I figured out it would cost the vendor too much to package these jars well enough to ensure no breakage. Now when a case arrives with one or more broken jars, I report it and can get credited for the broken ones only. Of course it's messy when a jar is broken, but I don't have a store nearby that sells this product except one that lists it at a higher price.
The other reviews are very outdated & old. We never had any issues with the quality of this product. My daughter loved it; I loved the fact that she was getting good protein. Most of the other earth's best baby foods have carrot/squash/sweet potatoes, which is fine, however my daughter was turning orange from so many orange veggies. I liked that this one had NO orange veggies in the ingredient list. Slightly more expensive than other meals, which I think is due to the fact it has a lot of meat in it.
My daughter thinks this tastes nasty, and I agree. She is sensitive to carrot, so I was looking for a food for travel that delivers protein but doesn't contain carrot. Though she eats homemade turkey and peas all the time, she wouldn't even take a full bite of this. I tasted a little bit, and I can see why.
If baby likes that's what matters! Happy baby! Happy mommy! Only thing is the color of food that stain anything, but, oh, well, just washed right the way!
I've read other reviewers comment on the calorie content of this flavor and it must be high because when I was trying to wash the dish I served it in in was quite oily.  Also, it has a bit of a grainy texture and I think my 6 month old son finds the spinach a little difficult to digest.
My 7 mo old despises all things fruit-related (we think it's too sweet for her) yet she likes this one just fine!  I'm perplexed that so many other reviewers say their baby hates it, although I must admit I haven't tasted it myself.  For us it's a tasty way to get her to eat a little more fruit every day.
I purchased this product from B-R-US when it was on sale and my son seems to like it. I was scared of previous post of mold and I ALWAYS double check the food before I stir and serve. He seems to like it, but I recommend the Chicken Sweet Potato dinner.
Let me start by saying my 7 month old son, who is used to my home prepared baby foods LOVES this, as a once in a blue moon convenience meal! I've tried it and it tastes pretty good to me too. Rare in the baby food industry.<br /><br />I am following a weaning guide that I used for my daughter, and it makes you pretty wary of commercial baby foods as babies easily get used to the bland, watery taste and sometimes take a lot of coaxing to go back to home made, healthy meals, resulting in picky toddlers and children. My daughter is now 3 and has never refused a home cooked meal yet, and I attribute that to the hard work I put in in the first year. Another problem with commercial baby foods is that they are usually so padded out with water that nutritional needs aren't fully met during the day and babies can start waking in the night due to genuine hunger.<br /><br />I'd love to ask, who came up with the magical 4oz measurement for all stage 2 baby food jars and packets, though? My son takes more like 6oz of my home prepared meals which are much "fuller", so I've had to add a little sweet potato to this to increase the volume. And it does seem really quite runny and padded out with water, so I add a teaspoon or 2 of rice cereal to thicken it up a little. Before long, I'm sure he'll just be on 2 full 4oz jars when I give him this.<br /><br />All that said, I'll reiterate, it is really quite tasty for a commercial baby food, and I have no problem giving it to my son once in a while. I do recommend!
The Earth's best 'grourmet' line is heavy on the protein. And as far as I know adequate protein is important for babies and they need, like the rest of us, good iron levels.<br /><br />The beef and spinach contains 5 grams per serving. You can check your cans, but most of the other's we use the protein is 2 grams. Our daughter likes it. It is also the least expensive of the 'gourmet' line and this is not something I could find in local stores. Recommended.
I was looking for another dinner to try and decided to spend the extra money on this one.  I thought.. my son loves chicken and mangos so why not this. He is not a fan. He will suffer through half a jar, but will not finish a whole one. I guess it was a little too exotic for his 9 month old taste buds.  We will keep trying.<br /><br />He loves, loves, loves the beef and spinach and will almost cry when the jar is gone.
This was NOT a hit!  It's bitter, like maybe the carrots were not sweet and/or not peeled?  and the main ingredient is carrots! (amazon should include the ingredients for all items) Quality control seems to be an issue. This is the second "gourmet meal" flavor with this issue. I had never had a bad experience with the EB products before, very disappointing.
My girls seem to like this food - they've only ever shown an opposition to green beans.  But it is SO messy.  It's apparently tomato-based, and it gets everywhere.  Where we usually just wipe their faces gently, you really have to clean them.  It simply turns their skin orange.  And the bowls and spoon end up crazy oily, even after soaking.
My 9 mo. old daughter only eats earth's best products and loves all of them - that is, except this. I can't figure out what it is, but we finally concluded that it smells a little like catfood. I tried feeding her this mango chicken flavor a few different times and she would only eat a few bites. I gave up and donated the rest to the food bank hoping someone else's child would like it. I have had a good experience with the "subscribe and save" products in general, no broken jars and the quick delivery is great. I find that it is cheaper than whole foods (even with the coupons). This is the only flavor of earth's best baby food that my daughter dislikes. For what it's worth, I suggest skipping this one or trying it in a variety pack first.
My picky eater LOVES this flavor.  Each jar is 110 calories & 5 grams of fat so this momma LOVES this flavor as well.  I'm ordering more because it's the one flavor (besides green beans) that I know my son will eat.
This is a terrific baby food.  It has beef and spinach AND tastes great!  It was the first meat baby food my son would eat.  I tasted it myself and it's quite good.
My baby is 8 months and I purchased the gourmet meals pack. She really liked this one best out of all of them.
My daughter loves this!  She is picky so she doesn't always eat as many healthy foods as she should.  This flavor gives her the vegetables and protein that she needs.  It is a little bit grainier than other stage 2 foods but still very usable for babies over 6 months.
I have never had a problem with anything from Amazon.  I have ordered about 30 cases of Earth's best baby food.  This is the most tasty and nutritious variety they offer.  5 grams of protein, and 15% iron! I have it on my subscribe and save.  He can't get enough of this, he eats it everyday!
Earth's Best is supposed to be one of the best baby foods, but apparently my son does not have a palate for their food.  Maybe he did not like the texture of this stuff (it looks gritty).  He normally eats anything but was very sluggish with this food...turning his head after a couple of bites.
It was bad before we open them. I saw them when we got. I did open. It had some spot green color. I did not know what it was. I was very upset. Do not buy this product.
When I saw some of the Earth's Best jars offered as a Gold Box deal, I remembered that I needed to offer a caveat to other parents.<br />  My children have previously enjoyed many Earth's Best flavors, which in general taste quite good, so in February when there was a promotional offer through Amazon, we ordered two 12-packs. When they arrived, one of the 12-packs seemed ok, but the other 12-pack contained several broken jars and was leaking. It smelled and looked like there might be mold under the plastic that surrounded the second 12-pack.<br />  I noticed that the shipping box holding the two 12-packs had air-filled padding on only the top side of the box, which meant that there was no padding protecting the bottom side.<br />  I don't know whether some of the jars had broken at the warehouse or during delivery, but either way, I was afraid to use the unbroken jars too, because what if the seals had broken or what if there were small pieces of broken glass inside the intact jars too?<br />For more durable items, I still order from Amazon, but I canceled my subscription of the Earth's Best jars and from now on will buy jars at a physical store where I can check them first.
When I saw some of the Earth's Best jars offered as a Gold Box deal, I remembered that I needed to offer a caveat to other parents.<br />  My children have previously enjoyed many Earth's Best flavors, which in general taste quite good, so in February when there was a promotional offer through Amazon, we ordered two 12-packs of the tender beef spinach. When they arrived, one of the 12-packs seemed ok, but the other 12-pack contained several broken jars and was leaking. It smelled and looked like there might be mold under the plastic that surrounded the second 12-pack.<br />  I noticed that the shipping box holding the two 12-packs had air-filled padding on only the top side of the box, which meant that there was no padding protecting the bottom side.<br />  I don't know whether some of the jars had broken at the warehouse or during delivery, but either way, I was afraid to use the unbroken jars too, because what if the seals had broken or what if there were small pieces of broken glass inside the intact jars too?<br />For more durable items, I still order from Amazon, but I canceled my subscription of the Earth's Best jars and from now on will buy jars at a physical store where I can check them first.
We live in the middle of nowhere so we end up ordering a lot of spices etc. that can't be found locally.  This gives great chipotle taste with just a little sprinkled on.  I'm going to order a few more of these because I never want to run out of it.
The breeder of my puppy uses this, and I continued to feed with this supplement. Dog loves the taste, and makes her boring dry food more interesting- she gobbles it up. I notice her coat is beautiful. Good ingredients. I would recommend this.
This is for puppies the bag is super small!!!The bag didn't last more than a day. I thought it was funny when I got the bag I thought it was a gift to be honest!!!
My dogs love these and even my allergy dogs can eat them too !!<br />thanks for have these on your site again 5 stars! and paws up for old mother hubbard  & Wellness treats<br />thanks<br />Pepper Love
Old Mother Hubbard biscuits (we've tried these as well as the puppy variety) are the only true biscuits my dogs like! They would eat the whole bag if I let them. The only thing I don't like is they contain wheat, but as long as your dog doesn't have a wheat allergy, it's no big deal. I would definitely recommend them.
Use these as treats for my five labs.  Use only this type as they contain the ingredients I am looking for and are a great size for labs.  Ordered them for years.  Dogs love them.
My dogs really did not care for these. were not real p-nutty.
I bought these for my wife for her birthday, she LOVES chocolate and its a staple gift I give her. Well this year I got her these. She only ate one, and put them away. Very strange. Later I caught her putting them in the garbage. When I tried one I quickly realized why, they taste like they have no sugar in them, and leave an aftertaste that reminded me of badly burnt toast. I had to brush my teeth to get the taste out. We had a good laugh about it. Fortunately I also gave her a necklace which she really did love so they didn't ruin her birthday. 43 dollars wasted.
I'm not much of a chocolate and peanut butter person, but these chocolates are the perfect combination of both.  The different flavors have definitely made me a fan.
Bought this for my chocolate lover boyfriend and he loved it ! he shared it with me and they were delicious. Thank you!
some of the best chocolates i ever tasted. If you are a chocolates lover then you have to try these
You can taste the quality and care that goes into these chocolates. Great flavor, I highly recommend it. You have to try for yourself!
I purchased this coffee to make iced coffee drinks.  It has very little 'coffee' taste, and the dark chocolate taste is more chemical than chocolate.  Similar to the taste of flavoring used in baking.<br /><br />I will not be purchasing this coffee again.  My suggestion to those considering a purchase . . . buy something else.
I never drank coffee in my life - received a gift of Ghiradelli chocolate flavored coffee for Christmas - searched on line and found this Dark Chocolate Decadence. It is the absolute best - have it on bi-monthly subscription order now with Amazon. If you are a fan of dark chocolate - this is a wonderful coffee - very smooth with just a hint a dark chocolate in the background. Delicious sweetened with honey and milk. Also divine with Almond Milk or Vanilla Soy Milk.  Coffee Masters make wonderful coffee.
I am big coffee lover.  This was some of the worst coffee I have ever had.  It smells wonderful but the taste is horrible.  I would not recommend purchasing this coffee at all.
i love that i can get both flavors in one container. and at the asians store around where i'm at they go for about a buck, sometimes more. so this is definitely a good deal and even cheaper when you subscribe and save
Same stable and good quality of Meiji Yan Yan. When I got the good deal from Amazon.com, the price is even better than those available in local Asian store, which is really rare.
I bought these for my son's 12th birthday party favor/goodie bag.  It's hard to put together a goodie bag for 12 year old boys, but this is something that everyone likes!
It's exactly what I wanted. It's yummy. Make sure you eat your chocolate dip before the strawberry, because you won't like it the other way around. It's perfect.
This mix is easy to prepare and very tasty. The only prep work consists of cutting up a zucchini which takes less than a minute. The seasoning is excellent, very flavorful but not too spicy. Sometimes low-salt mixes are spiced up with a lot of pepper but not this one. Excellent for vegetarians.
I have a One:One Coffee Pod machine and have ordered pods online before.  These looked good and sounded like high quality coffee- albeit a little pricey for 12 pods.  This was the worst cup of coffee I have ever tasted!  It left a bitter taste in my mouth that lingered for hours.  Yuck!  Don't be fooled by the fancy name and packaging. It tastes like rocket fuel.  Fortunately, Amazon refunded my money when I explained how bad it was. Throwing the whole box away!
Several of the seller's listings indicate 20% Kona blend.....but the delivered product does NOT have this package printing.<br />As a long-time Kona coffee drinker, the contents are more indicative of 10% (or less) Kona coffee. Have ordered twice....and completely disappointed.
My dog loves this flavor. Quality of cookie overall is very good. This particular smell drives him crazy!! On Amazon I get much chipper than in a store.
Dogs love them and they are made the best way, They are about $4.00 cheaper that the pet stores and no tax
Old Mother Hubbard treats are the best and at a reasonable price. Their treats come in a lot of different sizes and flavors. They offer a variety of products that all dogs will love. My three black labs love the peanut butter and Bac'N"Cheez.
Received the shipment promptly but to my dismay, it did not contain the mini treats I had ordered, but "small", which were not that small.  I have very small dogs and I really wanted the minis. I contacted the seller (Petco) and after several days, they responded that I could return them but if I reordered minis, they would still send the small because Amazon had the item numbers wrong and they don't have minis. They said the simplest thing would be to return them for credit. This did not seem economically feasible, so I am breaking each one into small pieces which is very inconvenient.
We live an hour away from any stores that would carry this product so it's easier and cheaper than making the trip.
It definitely smells like dark chocolate but the taste is just average.... I can't say I taste the "dark chocolate decadence".... And it's not that strong but usually I like stronger tasting coffee.
The first batch I got must have been a bad batch, because it seemed to have a "burned coffee" smell, and smelled a bit more like chocolate raspberry or some other flavor rather than pure chocolate. It made me wonder whether Coffee Masters uses the same equipment to make both a chocolate raspberry flavor and the dark chocolate decadence flavor, and if the flavors got mixed during the manufacturing process.<br /><br />Since then, I have ordered it several more times and have been more satisfied with it. There are times, however, when those burned flavor notes creep back in, depending on the bag. I sometimes wonder if Coffee Masters overroasts their beans.<br /><br />I originally bought this coffee instead of the chocolate coffee I used to regularly enjoy but could not find on Amazon, Brothers Gourmet Coffee Chocolate Swirl.  The Coffee Masters Dark Chocolate Decadence bean is darker, oilier, and richer than the Brothers bean.  The Brothers bean coffee is milder, more like Swiss chocolate.<br /><br />I still might prefer the medium-bean Brothers Blend over this coffee, even though it is a medium bean and not a dark bean, as the flavor profile tastes more like real chocolate.<br /><br />UPDATE: I am now actively seeking out coffees that are fair trade or direct trade or advertise ethical practices. Those that ignore the plight of the farmer and show no transparency in the process of the coffee from field to table I do not buy any longer. So this brand is no longer one that I will purchase. Plus they engage in farming activities that are not ecologically sound. I suggest starting with Intelligentsia.
Sounds corny but oh so true.  The aroma is pungent with the savory smell of coffee and the sweetness of chocolate.  The chocolate flavor is rich yet delicate so it doesn't overwhelm.  I purchased four bags of the ground coffee first for my daughter.  She insisted I taste it even tho I don't like flavored coffee or 'dark' chocolate. I enjoyed it so much I took back a bag and purchased 4 bags of the whole beans to grind when needed for that added freshness.  While I will not drink flavored coffee all the time, I feel it's a treat to start or end my day with a cup of this delicious coffee. My daughter also enjoys this coffee cold.
We like to mix this with regular coffee because it's so strong and rich by itself that it makes it go further and isn't too overpowering.
Another great hit from Coffee masters!  This one has a rich, dark chocolate flavor that's not too intense but just right.  The coffee is foll-bodied and very smooth.  I will definitely order more from Amazon.
I have really fallen for flavored coffees and I consider these to be some of the best-- so much so that I'm on the regular shipment list now.  I'm sure I drink too much of this but I love the flavors.  Try it, I'm sure you'll like it.
We really like this coffee, it has great flavor and we make it strong. We do the subscribe thing and it works out about right.
This like yummy homemade hot cocoa, with the benefit of being a delicious cup of coffee, too!  This is a GREAT deal!  Get it while it lasts!  Good to the last drop, you could say!<br />Enjoy!
You have to put a lot of sugar in  this to make it taste good. The coffee just by itself kind if has a stinky smell like a poopy diaper or a pee pee poo poo puppy in a cup. Next time I am going for raspberry flavored coffee...cause the chocolate is like poop. YUCK.
My female Pixie Bob cat, Pawnee, is extremely finicky about her canned food.  She will touch nothing but Instinct's rabbit formula, and licks her plate clean each morning.  The Instinct brand is nothing but the best, whether it is a canned formula or dry.
This is a great food and my cat loves it! The only thing that seems a bit strange to me is the difference in consistency between batches, and even the difference in consistency between the 3 ounce cans and the 5 ounce cans. Seriously, it looks like a different food, with the 3 ounce cans looking much smoother in texture, and the 5 ounce cans looking much more "grainy". I hope that the following review will help someone with a cat that has stomach issues similar to mine...<br /><br />I have tried many, many products aimed at helping with digestive upset for my cat. Her pain and suffering was so great that I thought I was going to have to put her to sleep. I went to multiple vets and had thousands of dollars worth of diagnostics done to try and find out why she was having acid reflux, crying and subsequently vomitting (endoscopy, xray, ultrasound, bloodwork, etc). One vet told me to just give her pepcid. This worked for a while, but then became completely ineffective after a while. The same vet then told me that she probably just has food allergies and would have to be on steroids for the rest of her life, and thats all that could be done, and prescribed different kinds of Science Diet (which we all know is actually a terrible food for cats with digestive problems).<br /><br />Well, what do you know, the steroids didn't help AT ALL. I tried probiotics of various brands for pets, I tried digestive enzymes, I tried many different natural products designed to help ease digestive / intestinal inflammation.... I tried a homiopathic vet (the only one in my area) and spent a few thousand more dollars rerunning tests and running other tests for pancreatitis, etc. I tried MAKING her food from raw meat to try and eliminate food allergies to commericial foods as a potential problem, etc. I TRIED EVERYTHING, but still my cat was constantly licking her lips, then crying in terrible pain and vomitting very consistently, and now was losing interest in her food and was losing weight and starting to look boney. I was determined to not give up on her though. I had just lost my wife to infection during a failed bone marrow transplant / cancer during all this, and was not about to give up on my girl.<br /><br />I stopped making her food and started getting her Natures Variety canned Rabbit formula and the duck formula. She loved the food but it did not seem to be helping her feel all that much better, even though a lot of other people were having great success. I then found a site called wellvet dot com that said that the Ulcinex was very effective at repairing ulcers and the stomach lining in pets. It also said that it was very effective at controlling vomitting that occurs a few hours after eating, which is EXACTLY what was consistently happening, and no other product that I had found so far claimed to do same thing. I was skeptical as soon as it started talking about chinese herbs and such, but I figured it was worth a shot.<br /><br />I started giving this as prescribed from wellvet ALONG WITH Georges Aloe Vera juice (the one without preservatives and no taste), which is said to help a lot for acid reflux sufferers (I found a few people that said it worked great for their cats), and continuing the rabbit / duck formula. All the while praying, within a few days I started noticing a drastic improvement. She was licking her lips less, and was able to relax for longer periods of time without jumping up in pain and crying. She vommitted once within a several day period. Several days later, NO MORE CRYING, and instead of hiding behind the bedroom door licking her lips the whole night, she started sleeping with me at night like she used to. Now, several weeks later, she is literally 90% better. NO MORE VOMITTING AT ALL, is in very little pain, VERY little lip licking and only very occasionally at that. She also gets much more rest, and has put on several pounds and is back above her normal weight and has a nice chubby belly. My cat suffered daily for 2 long years during this whole process before I found this and the other two mentioned products. The aloe vera juice on its own didn't seem to completely do the trick, so I think its the combination of the three things that is really effective. I only hope that no permanent damage has already been done, but now I have my cat back and don't have to suffer through losing a great wife and a great cat. If you have a cat with severe stomach issues, you owe it to yourself and your cat to try this along with the Georges Aloe Vera and Ulcinex.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006IICOM">Metagenics - Ulcinex - 90 Tablets</a><br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QV9TA0">Warren Laboratories - George's Aloe Vera, 64 fl oz liquid</a>
I was at my wits end with hypoallergenic foods for my cat with IBD. This one is one he will finally eat, and even ask for. Nothing is more heartrending than trying to get a sick cat to eat, and putting expensive prescription food down to have him sniff, walk away, and cry for food.. I was so relieved when I found this. My cat is now maintaining.. I pray they continue to make it for years to come!
We tried all flavors for our cats and the rabbit was the apparent favorite for all of them. Took a recommendation from catinfo.org for this food as it is closest to the diet that a cat would naturally eat. Coats are softer and glossy. Energy levels seem to be up. Quite pleased with the results so far.
A few years ago, my cat was diagnosed with food allergies that previously undiagnosed had led to IBD and then Pancreatitis. We went through just about every limited ingredient food to find one he would eat consistently.  He finally settled on Nature's Variety Instinct. Lamb and Rabbit he'll eat every time and all the time. Duck and Venison, he'll also eat just not always.<br /><br />He still suffers from IBD and will have pancreatitis flare ups if given chicken, but his coat is soft and shiny. He's active (at 13 yrs old). And he rarely throws up. I couldn't survive, he couldn't survive, without this food.<br /><br />I'm glad the company finally started to make 3 oz cans. Mr. Picky doesn't doesn't like leftovers. It doesn't hurt as much to toss out 1.5 oz as it does 4 oz.
I have been finding quality food for one of my kitties who has developed an allergy to chicken.  I hesitated on this brand because of the price, but then when I saw how limited my choices were I broke down and ordered a few of the flavors.  I have to say I am very pleased with the quality.  I also ordered some Evo venison and duck as well as the Natural Balance limited ingredients venison with peas and the duck with peas.  Neither of those COMPARE to this brand and my cats testify to that as well as I do.  The texture is so much better and she loves these the most.  I have gotten her the rabbit, duck and venison and she eats them all with more relish that either Evo or Natural Balance.  I do have to say that of those lesser brands, the Natural Balance venison does have a nice texture and not as "pasty" as the duck with peas.  Mabel wasn't as crazy about it though, although she did eat it all but not with the same excitement as the Instinct brand.  When you are having a problem with a cat that can not or will not eat something, when you find something she will, it is worth it's weight in gold!  This brand is a keeper.
Why is it so hard to find rabbit-based cat food??<br /><br />I like to give my cat variety in his diet; his main foods are mostly poultry, but I like to keep the fish and red meat to a minimum.  After my last cat was diagnosed with diabetes I did a lot of in-depth research on feline diets.  One veterinarian who's written extensively about homemade cat foods was fond of using rabbit as a poultry alternative because it's closest to what a small cat would eat in the wild.  It's particularly excellent to supplement a diet when the cat is sensitive to fish (as many are).  It's also higher in fat than fish - many fish-based foods I looked at only took 15 to 20% of their calories from fat, and a cat needs more than that.<br /><br />This food fits the bill!  It's got an excellent ingredient list.  It's grain-free, which is what I consider to be the most important qualification, and doesn't contain animal "meal" or by-products.<br /><br />There are three reasons I'm giving it four stars instead of five.  First, it's expensive.  Rabbit meat, by weight, is going to be pricey, so I'm not surprised...but just because I think it's worth the price doesn't mean I wouldn't like to pay less!  Second, my cat isn't crazy about it.  It's got a ground texture and he's very fussy about only eating shredded meat.  I solved this by mixing a 3 oz can of this food with a 3 oz can of shredded chicken (of a different brand) and he gobbled it up.  I just wish I didn't have to take that extra step.  Finally, it's awfully dry.  It was actually a surprise.  The meat itself is very dry, and the liquid in the can is totally separated.  I think most cat foods use thickeners so that the gravy clings to the meat, and this one doesn't.  Since one of the many advantages of canned food is that it helps to keep the cat hydrated - they have a low thirst drive and are built to take in much of their fluids with their food - I was a bit disappointed.  And surprised the first time I tipped what looked like a can full of meat too far to the side and ended up with watery cat food juice on my hand and the kitchen floor!  But this was also solved by mixing it with a chicken-in-gravy food.<br /><br />Those complaints aren't enough to keep me from buying this food, though.  It's still a great cat food with a hard-to-find protein source and a good ingredient list.  It's a bit expensive for me to use as a main food, but a can or two a week gives just the right amount of variety.
One of my cats developed a food allergy and was throwing up anything he ate. There are many types of food that the vet recommended trying (duck, venison, etc.) but he refused to eat any of those.<br /><br />Then we found this food, and all is good again.<br /><br />Thank goodness there's something he will deign to eat that won't aggravate his food allergies!
The vet recommended rabbit-based food for my cat, and that is difficult to find.  She seems to be allergic to chicken and the regular cat food menu.  Unfortunately, she's not crazy about this food, but that's just because she's a spoiled brat cat.
Just kind of yeast shopping one day. You're at the store and thinking, man, I really need to get me some new yeast. This sounded intriguing. An Alt strain, clean and rapid fermentation. Tolerant of cold conditions. In short, it is a hard working and industrious yeast that does its job without much fanfare. And it cleans up after itself. Only the Germans would have such a yeast. It's not like the California yeasts that are kind of fruity, or the British yeasts that just leave a mess. It's very German.<br /><br />You could easily pass this off as a lager yeast. I did a very simple wheat / pale malt light ale. 1.032 OG. 1.008 FG. Fermented at about 60-62 give or take. Grain to bottle in a week. I wasn't too concerned with flocculation or haze but that's just me. Cracked on the other day just to get a taste. Extremely clean. You can taste every single grain of the malt. I didn't hop it much. Maybe 15 IBU tops with magnum. Very nice lawnmower or pounding beer.<br /><br />Blow off tube is mandatory. Next project is a 1.062 American wheat. Blew out the airlock. I had 5 gallons in a 6 gallon carboy and it wanted enough space for 10 gallons. Very vigorous.<br /><br />If you want an absolutely crisp, clean yeast that produces very lager like beers and can tolerate temps down to about 55, this is it. Seems to really accentuate malt. Very nice yeast, but I like a little yeast profile so I don't know if I'm in love with it. Just impressed at how clean it is.
So let's be honest. I have severe anxiety and depression issues which has gone on my whole life. I have been prescribed dozens of different meds to help with it but nothing has. Also, I don't have insurance so I literally put out hundreds a month to try new drugs that didn't help. More importantly, the side effects were sometimes as bad or worse than my symptoms. I have also tried other natural cures that didn't help.<br /><br />Several of my friends suggested I smoke hemp as a natural cure. I'm not against it but I'm not a smoker and I've had professional jobs where I could be tested, anyway. So I thought, let's check Amazon and see what natural hemp products are available.<br /><br />First I tried hemp powder, which I also reviewed if you're interested, and it tasted like sand. It will take me all year to be able to finish the 3 lb bag and that's if I ever do. Then I tried this.<br /><br />I'm very honest in my reviews so I wouldn't recommend this if it didn't truly help. It's not a placebo-effect thing, either. I have tried too many meds for that to even be a possibility, trust me.<br /><br />The one thing I can tell you for certain is within the first week it greatly and noticeably increased my energy levels. I have done more around the house in the past few months than I've done in the past few years. I have gone through 2 subscriptions of this and the energy hasn't gone away. I am a big and tall person so I take 4 in the morning and 4 at night, usually.<br /><br />Anyone who has depression/anxiety issues knows that sometimes you barely feel like getting out of bed most days. You get a heavy feeling like there's lead in your veins. If you've been through it then you understand what I'm talking about.<br /><br />I can say with 100% honesty that it has given me way more energy and it has helped with that heavy feeling. Can I guarantee it will work? No. My aunt and mom tried a couple just one time and they didn't notice any difference. But it has sure worked for me taking it daily. What I can tell you is that you should at least try it. If it doesn't help, just don't buy it again. But it is sure worth a try because it might help you as much as it has me. I will take this supplement for the rest of my life, as far as I'm concerned. That's how much it has helped.<br /><br />I hope it works for you, too.
This HEMP OIL is excellent stuff. For real, if you are using fish oil, this actually has MORE omega 3's and has many other medicinal values.<br />Combine this with hemp seeds (in smoothies) and you will notice a difference in any aches in your knees and your hair will shine and your body will be filled with antioxidants.<br />ANYTHING HEMP ROCKS. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED in this product and it came on time and was packaged well. (3) bottles for this price is a great value.
The capsules are easy for my wife to take, they really help her crohn's disease. After reviewing and reasearching we found that hemp seed oil helps crohn's disease. She has tried all the prescription meds which if you read the after affects on them they are worse than the crohn's disease. This product has really helped her from having to many episodes or being sick as often.
I'm not one to believe in supplements, but this product was the only thing that helped my anxiety. I was getting really bad panic attacks from what my doctor said was anxiety. I feel overall much healthier after taking this product and I haven't had barely any anxiety issues. Definitely recommend this to anyone that is trying to tame their high stress or anxiety.
Our acupuncturist recommended this to us,  to lower my cholesterol and to lower my husband's blood pressure.  So far so good.  We have been taking it for a little over a month, so in a few more months, we'll have a better idea of its effectiveness.  We take two capsules in the morning and two at night
This is a great source of essential fatty acids without the unpleasant tasting burps of fish oil or flax seed oil, which also doesn't agree with my stomach.  I also think it helps my IBS symptoms.
I take it every day. I used to take fish oil but when I made the change to plant based oil for my body, it was like night and day. I felt the change, and loved it.
This product is excellent! I HIGHLY recommend it... It has the balances of nutrients I was looking for but also non GMO... The product shipped quickly and is very high quality hemp seed oil. I'm extremely impressed! I can't wait to buy my next supply because of all the benefits! I've already noticed a difference in how my skin behaves, how my hair grows and the strength of my nails and I've only been taking it for about 10 days!! I don't experience nearly as much nausea with taking this supplement as I do with others (such as flaxseed oil) and I also don't have to worry about the presence of GMO substances in it either. Thanks again for selling such a wholesome product :)
This has been a boon for my digestive system! I take 3 tablets twice daily -- morning (after breakfast) and evening (after dinner). I haven't had any problems whatsoever for at least the last couple of months of taking the Hemp Oil capsules! I plan to continue taking them for a long time into the future!<br /><br />BTW, I started taking these capsules because Hemp Oil contains essential Omega-6 and Omega-3 fatty acids in the 3:1 "balanced" ratio, and the capsules don't have the "weird" after-taste that plain Hemp Oil does.
I purchased the hemp oil for my mom to help with pain relieve. The Omega oils are suppose to help with join movement and pain. I have noticed that when she takes the vitamin her pain is less than the times that we are out and she has to wait.
I Love this brand....and please tell EVERYONE you know...Hemp oil is sooooo beneficial for you...do your research...you will understand that getting 3 Omegas and some
It is hard to tell most of the time if supplements work but I just have a greater sense of well being when I take this product. It really is a good source for essential fatty acids. I expect to keep taking it.
The hemp oil soft gels really help my sensitive digestion (along with the probiotic, enzyme and lactose pills).  Of course, I still have to watch what I eat and how fast I eat it (slowing down really helps bad digestion).  I suggest buying this product in bulk because the more you take the better it seems to help.
I've tried most of the Virginia chutney Co. (VCC) product range and particularly like their spicy plum chutney. It is good with cold meats, salads, cheddar cheese, and curries
I first tasted this at Petrossian.  I had ordered Green Tea and when I tasted it, I was a little shocked that it was not regular green tea.  I noticed the citron immediately and it was fantastic.  It complimented the tea very well.  The tea is very light.  Au Bon Pain also carries this tea.  Try it out!
One of my favorite restaurants serves this tea iced. They were kind enough to share the brand name with me when I asked. It makes wonderful, refreshing and healthful iced tea. Highly recommend.
As a gum addict, I was looking for a natural alternative to the artificial-flavor/artificial-sweetener varieties. This gum is great. Now, the flavor comes from real peppermint, so it's not going to last as long as the fake stuff, nor it will be as mind-blowingly intense as some of the new super-flavored gums.  But if that's ok with you and you'd like to chew something that doesn't put weird chemicals into your body, this is for you.  It's expensive, sadly, but what can you expect? Buying it in bulk here helps.
I like to chew gum and I also like my teeth.  I am also allergic to most artifical sweetners and it is getting more and more difficult to find sugar free gums that do not contain aspartame.  This is why I purchased this product in the first place.  I like the flavor and it lasts quite a long time.  The packets are the perfect size to fit in your pocket or purse.  I always have some on hand at work, especially for after lunch.  I will certainly be buying more.
Very tasty gum and the xylitol is wonderful.  My youngest daughter's dentist recommneds that she chew xylitol gum 3 to 4 times each day to help prevent cavities.  Her baby teeth had a cavity in every tooth along with three crowns!!!!  Her adult teeth seem to be much more cavity resistent and I believe the gum is helping prevent the cavities.
If you look at the vast majority of sugar free gums in the store, you'll see all kinds of nasty chemicals on the ingredients label.  There are a few xylitol sweetened options available online and at health food or vitamin stores.  Xylitol is a sugar alcohol that can safely be consumed by diabetics and purportedly PREVENTS tooth decay and has some other health benefits (research it).  XyliChew is the only brand I've found that I can definitively say is NOT produced in China or sourced from materials produced in China.  XyliChew is produced in Finland.  Given China's contaminated products record the past few years, I would trust a product from Finland over China any day.  The gum itself has a nice peppermint flavor that does not last too long.  That's okay by me, as I generally just chew this gum after a meal for dental health.  It's pretty expensive, but you can get free shipping and a discount through Amazon's "Subscribe & Save" program.  XyliChew comes in other flavors, but the last time I checked Peppermint is the only one available through the "Subscribe & Save" program.<br />**IMPORTANT NOTE: Keep any products with xylitol away from dogs; it's toxic to them.
Have had this gum from other sources and always liked it. This particular shipment seems to have much less peppermint flavor than before...could be it is older gum(there is no expiration date on it) or they are making it with less peppermint now. Otherwise I received this order very quickly.
This is an excellent sugar-free gum for those who don't want saccarine or aspertame. Many commercial gums that are advertised as containing xylitol also contain unnatural, chemical sweeteners. The flavor and soft texture lasts very well in the peppermint and fruit flavors. Another family member really enjoys the licorice one. The chocolate has a disappointing flavor, and the cinnamon, which to me tastes like almond at first, quickly gets hard and loses flavor. Haven't tried spearmint. While the serving size is listed as 2 pieces, I find 1 is exactly the right amount for my mouth.
I'm into maximizing health. I don't use any artificial sweeteners or refined sugars in any form. Xylichew was a great find because its ingredient list is actually safe. This is rare for a gum. The gum has a great taste, it has the right amount of sweetness, and the pieces are a good size. I take half a piece at a time, while my wife prefers a whole piece. If you are looking for a safe gum - this is the one. And Amazon has such a sweet deal on it - don't pass it up!
The advertised regular price of $99.99 is ridiculous.  5 hour energy drinks are widely available for $2.00 each.  Don't buy from sellers who inflate prices and charge ridiculous amounts.  You can get a case of 12 for $20 right here on Amazon.
I had a very long day. Got to work early, worked about nine hours, headed for the airport and had to go through a connecting flight and about 5 hours of travel. And when I got home I still had some work to do and needed a boost to get me through it.<br /><br />After hearing a radio ad for this product, I picked up a two-pack and used one of them when I got home.<br /><br />It promised five hours of energy without crashing. I can't attest to the five hours (didn't quite pay attention), but it did last for quite a while and I had no crash effect in the end. I wasn't overly anxious or nervous, but I could think clearly and get the work done that I needed to get done. So it most definately delivers on its promises.<br /><br />The things that I like the most is the fact that there is no sugar. I also appreciate the fact that they use water instead of carbonated water, which is the main reason I don't like the Monsters, Rockstar, Red Bull, etc products (diet versions, of course). It also gives all this energy in 2 ounces instead of having to drink a large soda can worth of drink. The taste wasn't fantastic, but it could have been much worst and only takes a good gulp to get it all down.<br /><br />I've been looking for a product like this to get me going in the mornings and this seems to fit the bill. My only problem with this is that it is a bit on the pricey side. Today I am also trying out one that is similar, called Enduroshot, a 2.2 ounce energy shot that claims all the same benefits that this promises but at a MUCH lower price. I'll do a review on that sometime soon in the future. If I feel just as awake and alert as I do with 5-hour energy, then I will use it instead. Otherwise, Chaser has a new, steady customer.
although the taste leaves something to be desired, 5-hour energy worked very well.  i drank one halfway through my workday, and pepped up enough to go out and wash the ambulance.  my arms hurt later that night, but the product itself worked for me.
This is a great price, but every time I've bought these through Amazon, the bottles frequently have dark... "stuff" on the threads of the bottle when you open it.  I've never seen this when buying them from the local drugstore, so I worry that these are either old or maybe not authentic?<br /><br />Can't say for sure of course.  They do have the desired effect, so I'm not complaining too much.  It's kind of gross sometimes though.
well u get the energy u really want for the 5 hours and it really boast u a bit but that u will be calm again and need to rest.. not bad great product
The energy drink is a great product. The shipping price is crazy tho. I paid more for the shipping then both products together, so not a great deal.
I recently gave up my major 20 year Diet Coke addiction.  I did it for a number of reasons.  I typically wake VERY early to hit the gym before work & needed something to help me wake up at 4:30 AM.  This product is GREAT.  No over-stimulation as it only has the caffeine equivalent of 1 cup of jo. It is also SUGAR FREE and has 0 Net Carbs!! I do feel the energy quickly & it lasts the 5 hours it claims.  The berry flavor is pleasant, but tart so I drink some water as a "chaser" (no pun intended).  I drink water the rest of the day & only use 1 in the morning unless I have a "late" meeting scheduled.
Finally, a product that gives you that extra boost you need for anything from travel delays to the overdue stack of paperwork. You feel the effects instantly with more energy and a higher concentration level.  It stays with you and does not leave you feeling dopey or spent when it wears off.
This is the best energy product I have ever used. It starts working right away and keeps you going for a long time.
I took it at 5am yesterday. It is now almost 3am the next day and I am laying in bed and skin feels tingly, can't sleep at all. I feel like I am at super sayan level 4, power of the red monkey. I could shoot ki blast out the window if I wanted too. Maybe some kame hame wave's too.
I sampled this cake as offered from Biscoff 1 month ago and fell in love.  It is extremely moist and is most delicious when sliced thin to accompany a cup of coffee. The ingredients are perfectly blended as no one taste is overpowering, but you are able to taste each individual ingredient.  If you are looking for a great coffee or tea accompaniment, please give this cake a try!
This is the moistest, most delicious cake in the world.  if you like almond tarts, marzipan, that kind of taste, you will be in love with this cake.  Normally I think packaged cake is awful, by the way.  This one is amazing.
First, the ingredients list is wrong.  They are almonds, not cashews.  I don't have a recent bag (just ordered), but I have seen some with tapioca syrup and some with rice syrup listed in the ingredients.  My 6 year old son has tons of foods he needs to avoid, so these distinctions are important to us!  Luckily, he has been able to eat these and loves them.<br /><br />The pieces in the bag vary in size.  The most typical is about 1-1.5" long by ~3/4" wide.  There will be some loose crumbs in the bottom too.  It looks like they make them in a big pan and then cut them down.  I would compare them to bite-size (or 2-bite sized) granola bars.  It is just the right amount of sweetness added.  I love that these have a nice protein boost when I need to grab something and go.
I spent some time searching for an alcohol free rum flavor to make daiquiri sorbet, and LorAnn has produced the best flavor thus far (which tastes outstanding).  It blows away the competitors that I have tried.  Baking with it has not yet been attempted, but I imagine there would be similar results.  The price is quite reasonable for a 4 oz bottle, although it is much more so if multiple bottles are ordered (save on shipping).  It has natural and artificial ingredients; I would prefer it to be all natural, but that's a price I'm willing to pay for the flavor.  I predict this will remain my alcohol free rum flavor of choice.
I bought this bag and found it 50% cheaper at smart and final. It was also old and and white. This was terrible! I bought it to put in the candy canisters I give to co-workers. So I didn't find out it was OLD till a co-worker informed me. I was so embarrassed. Do not buy this candy. It all ended up in the trash. Very disappointed!
This candy was obviously old. Each chocolate was discolored. The Krackel krispies were not crispy and the chocolate wasn't right. Peant butter cups and Goodbars nasty, the nuts are horrible. Hersheys pulls their candy off of the shelves in the stores when it is getting old. Seller must have bought it up & sold it here last year or the year before. It has to be at least 1 or more years old. Do not buy chocolate from ZANY Values, it isn't good for you!!<br /><br />I'm sure that if the candy were FRESH that it would have been just fine. I have re-ordered from a different vendor and will let you know if theirs is fresh (as it should be) or not.
Raw is eating from your Organic garden of fresh grown fruits and vegetables.It is also all the nuts growing from the mountains that surrounds us through out the land from the forest. Although grown from a tiny little seed that the sun and rain helps in growth it is our heavenly father our creator God who truly makes them grow and should be appreciated for his gift of life to us all and for our home the planet we call earth .<br />I used to be a true vegetarian then I went to only eating Poultry and some fish and eggs through out the years.Now I will eat vegetarian soup made with some beef stock but I don't care for the meat itself and no pork.<br />I am still Organic Alternative and Green but I am slowly trying to go back to being that true vegetarian that I used to be however going raw will take a some time because I have a little hard time chewing with my teeth like my friend but after I get my dentures I will be able to adjust into it .Right now I am canning for winter storage.I have dehydrated my whole garden into green super power food that I added to my barley greens. note if you choose to cook get the Fagor Pressure cooker caner That I got it helps make the meals go quicker and is a lot healthier than baking and Broiling or grilling and never fry food.<br />Well I will let you know how the canning turn out and one day I'd like to make home made all fruit yes that's right not jelly or jam.<br />Hi Again so far so good I have canned 4 pint jars of my home made spaghetti sauce with 4 of Chili and 4 vegetarian soups with 2 red cabbages and they sealed and are ready for winter when things get rough as around here it is hard to get organics so when I do I get all that I can like I just got up at the farmers market this late fall and then I either freeze them or can them and even dehydrate them.<br />So I will keep you up to date but I need to try and get some organic fruits and that is hard to get again around here.<br />well catch ya later as I never say goodbye!Just get this wonderful organic fruit nut and seed mix it has no preservatives and is delicious and affordable and if I can get it you can too. Just remember to soak the nuts and seeds because nature puts some  protective coating on it and they need to break down this to be edible and fit for human consumption.
Put two tablespoons. in a large cup of fresh coffee and you have a great coffee mocha.  I have recently tried several others that have been recommended and got great customer reviews online.  None are as good as this one.
If you've never tried any of Ghirardelli's hot cocoa products you are in for a treat! Made with milk, the cocoa is far superior to any other cocoa product on the market. I don't drink coffee, but have a cup of this every morning. When made in the Froth Au Lait hot chocolate/latte maker, you will get the best cup of hot cocoa you ever had.
This is the best hot chocolate next to Cadbury bought in Europe.  Our 13 yr old would never drink her chocolate milk until we switched to this (unfortunately we don't have a steady supply of Cadbury's).  It's great!
I usually buy this from Starbucks, but after buying this item on sale I will be making my coffee at home. I am not a heavy coffee drinker but sometimes when I have to study I need a quick pick me up and this will do it. I love all their product. Sometimes I add a little cinnamon grade AA and it really gives it a boost. I would definitely buy this product again and I think it is a good price. I saw it for a lot more in the store.
We appreciate the short list of ingredients on the Ghiradelli hot chocolate mixes.  The Chocolate Mocha flavor is rich and chocolatey with out being overpowered by the coffee.  This is one of our favorite cold weather drinks.
Found this product discounted at a good price at slickdeals.net for about $10.<br /><br />First time drinking this stuff since I bought it.  I was blown away at how awesome it taste.  This was my first time trying something other than the Nestle brand cocoa (other than the few times I ordered cocoa at a cafe).<br /><br />Has a nice blend of mocoa/cocoa and doesn't taste too sweet like what I'm used to with Nestle.<br /><br />Definitely giving this a thumbs up.
Heat 8-10 oz 2% or whole milk, not quite to boiling, in your microwave. Add ~1-1/4 rounded teaspoons of Ghirardelli Mocha Hot Choc powder + ~1-1/8 rounded teaspoons of Ghirardelli Hazelnut Hot choc powder, stirring to fully mix. Now add ~3/4 oz Christian Brothers VS Brandy. (Optionally) garnish with whipped cream or a small accent of vanilla ice cream and serve.<br />Notes: Not to be a brand whore, but Christian Bros (VS, not the more expensive VSOP) is the only brandy I've found to really have the right profile for this recipe. Exact proportions for all 4 ingredients should ultimately be to your own taste. Non-fat and 1% milk are NOT recommended. The brandy should contribute its flavor but not be so strong as to have an obvious alcoholic note. I've for many years used a 1.0 Mocha + 1.5 Hazelnut ratio, but lately the Mocha product hasn't seemed as intense, so I've adjusted. You'll know it's right when the mocha + hazelnut + brandy flavors are in such balance that none is too dominant -- the result will be a new experience "greater than the sum of its parts."
I did not expect this hot chocolate to be quite as sweet as I found it to be. It also has more calories than previous Ghiradelli similar hot chocolate.<br />It has a rich taste and if I were not concerned with weight I would overlook the higher calories.
While you would expect Ghiradelli to make good chocolate, the flavor of this mocha cocoa is precisely that of great darker chocolate flavor, using just enough coffee flavor to accent the cocoa without overtaking it.  A smooth, delicious start or finish to your day - even a warm afternoon pick me up on those chilly days!
Premium Ghiradelli chocolate mixed with just a hit of coffee makes this a great drink.  I've gotten to where I add a heaping spoonful to my Starbucks coffee every morning.  It gives it an extra coffee flavor and the chocolate for Ghiradelli far exceeds the 'mocha' chocolate you get at most barista stands.
I use this product with my home brewed espresso and milk to make a mocha latte.  It's terrific!  I ordered on the auto ship plan through Amazon and save about a $1.50 per can over buying it locally.  Plus I get the added benefit of having it delivered to my door instead of having to drive to a specialty shop to get it!  Great product and great service.
I love this hot chocolate. In my opinion, it's the best on the market.  It has a nice grown-up flavor of chocolate and coffee.
I don't know what all the positive reviewers here are raving about. I tried Ghiraradelli's premium cocoa mix and found it much too sweet that it was almost unpalatable. And not a very chocolatey taste either. The directions given for one serving are 4 Tbsp of the powder to 8 oz of milk.  Did they meant 4 tsp?  Using their directions would yield a total of 8 cups of hot cocoa -- not very economical for a product with so much sugar.  I had high hopes for this product but was very disappointed.
Very bitter!  I couldn't taste the coffee at all.  It basically tastes like baking cocoa.  No sweetness, no richness, not coffee.  I bought the 4 pack though, so I've begun mixing it half and half with Swiss Miss (in the can), and then sprinkling it with instant coffee after I've made a cup.  Even making it with whole milk couldn't make this yummy by itself.  If you like a rich chocolate taste with just a bit of coffee.... shop elsewhere.
I used to drink Ghirardelli Chocolate Mocha hot chocolate as a treat on weekend mornings when I was working.  I'm now retired and started drinking it every day.  I was afraid that I would get tired of it drinking it every day instead of just as a treat.  Well, that didn't happen at all.  I am now what I would call addicted to it.  I have it every morning with my toast and my GMA on TV.  I recently went to my mother's place for several days and truly missed my favorite morning drink.  I couldn't wait to have it the morning after I got home.  Next time I'm going to be gone for several days I'll make sure I take a canister with me.  I love that I've found this product on Amazon and even that I have to opportunity to have it via automatic shipment.  I started having trouble finding it in the stores we shop so the automatic shipment it great.
Love this hot chocolate. Made with skim milk for a healthier delicious hot drink. Creamy and tasty. Will never go back to supermarket hot chocolates.
This is absolutely the best hot chocolate out there. It is not too sweet, so more for adults than for kids. Easy to make. Just add milk. No intense mixing required. Dissolves easily.
Okay, so let me preface my review by saying that I don't drink hot chocolate that often and I'm from America and don't think I've ever had hot chocolate while traveling in Europe, BUT my husband is a British citizen who grew up in India with summers in England and he has searched HIGH and low for a chocolate drink that would remind him of those from his childhood.  We found it in this drink and he wont drink any other chocolate drink now (not even the 47 other kinds that are in my pantry that I bought for him to try and after 1 cup he turned his nose up at them... men).
Having liked the various types of Ghirardelli chocolate and premium hot cocoa's I decided to try some Ghirardelli Chocolate Premium Hot Cocoa Mix, Chocolate Mocha. After trying several cups of this I started to wonder what happened to the Ghirardelli Chocolate as myself I thought it was overpowered with the coffee taste. Not my cup of hot cocoa!!
I've been a fan of Ghirardelli Triple Chocolate brownie mix for a long time. And I also like Ghirardelli chocolate candy. So when I came across this chocolate mocha hot cocoa mix I wanted to give it a try cause I love cocoa and coffee. I'm glad I bought it because this stuff is delicious. I love the combination of chocolate and coffee. The coffee in it is very subtle and definitely not overpowering. It's rich, very flavorful, and bold. And as others have pointed out this is the best mix you can buy. I'm very impressed.
Great deal and great transaction!  Finally, an affordable way to indulge my chocolate craving.  Will definitely buy this again!
Ghiradelli might not make the best chocolate in the world, but their chocolate mix is my personal favorite. It is rich and mixes easily without the residue in the bottom of the cup that lesser brands suffer from. The mocha flavor is very good with a strong coffee flavor that doesn't overpower the chocolate. This is simply great hot chocolate and well worth getting if you enjoy mocha. It also mixes very well in milk shakes!
I made this for my 12 year old grandson.  "Grandma this is the best hot chocolate I have ever had in my whole life!"  You can guess what he got for Christmas.  It really has a wonderful flavor.  Top it off with whipped cream.
I love hot cocoa and hot chocolate... and have tried many different brands.<br /><br />GHIRADELLI is by far the worst that I have ever tasted!  I honestly don't have any idea how they ever became famous for their hot cocoa.<br /><br />This cocoa has an awful, stale taste... and you can tell that it is made of cheap ingredients.<br /><br />It even tastes worse than the much lower-cost brands like Swiss Miss and Nestle.<br /><br />If you want a REAL hot chocolate, look up MARIE BELLE.  It is thick and rich... not weirdly processed garbage like GHIRADELLI!!!
The Chocolate Mocha flavor of this Hot Cocoa is really nice. It's different from the usual Hot Cocoa since it has a hint of Coffee. The quality is definitely there, I find it to be better then the Godiva brand. Mixes extremely easily, there is no residue and works with milk or even water mixed with half and half. I must say that it is a bit much of the same flavor, I would have rather 4 different flavors since the containers are big. Worth it though! A++
Best mix on the market for making cafe mocha lattes, and we've tried them all
The best hot chocolate,by far.. Not so easily available in my area.<br />Love the mocha & the double chocolate
Easy to use (do not abuse),<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H27NU6">Ghirardelli Chocolate Premium Hot Cocoa Mix, Double Chocolate, 16-Ounce Tins (Pack of 4)</a> great taste. It makes you to feel good.
Try a little sprinkle on ice cream, makes a good milkshake, mix it in cakes or brownies, sprinkle on the cake, enhance coffee drinks and liquors, get rid of that pesky cat, add texture to Barry and Levon's 240 pounds of pudding, brown paper mache, movie prop heroin, or dip your bananas in it.  I consume it with BlueBell Homemade Vanilla ice cream.  I like the double chocolate better.
Not really sure what I expected, but since I like Ghirardelli chocolate, and I like hot chocolate and hot mochas from coffee shops, I thought I'd like this product.<br /><br />Unfortunately, despite following the directions and making this in milk, it's not as rich and satifying as I hoped.  I hate to say it, but I think Swiss Miss mixed Instant coffee tastes better than this.<br /><br />That's unfortunate, because this is a four pack of cannisters and I'm only half way through the first one!
love the contents, but two of eight containers were badly dented.<br /><br />jan
Great product! Love making this during the fall and winter months because the smell goes through the entire house reminding me of Christmas. Taste great too especially when warm and with cream cheese. Have made it for co-workers who always rave about it. It's easy to make up, too.
I cannot tell you how many of these I made between Thanksgiving and Christmas!  Fast, convenient and SO DELICIOUS!  I got rave reviews!  Thanks!
I have tried nearly all of the Pillsbury quick bread mixes, and this is my favorite.  And of course it is nearly impossible to find in a store in my area so I am really happy to find it on Amazon.  This has a packet of actual diced apple in syrup (sort of like the canned apples for pie).  It makes great muffins or coffee cake also.  You can add things to it, like raisins, cranberries, nuts, etc.  Just super - I recommend it!
I bought this product and when it arrived it was not organic.  BEWARE!  The package shown in the photo is not an organic product.
This is the perfect size for a snack bag for school.  Minus one star because the glue for the straws also glues the wrapper to all of the boxes.  That's annoying.
I wonder if the other reviewer's order got mixed up at the warehouse or something?  We received organic juice boxes, just like the title says.
I absolutely love the Peanut Butter and Strawberry Kind bars! They taste just like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich!
These potato chips are probably the best chips I flavor ever have. The spicy barbecue is the perfect mix of flavors! I have had tons of these chips and still they never get old. It fits one person per bag.  After a few chips, you will taste the spicy part.  Every time I see the bag, my mouth just waters.<br /><br />These would be perfect for you if you are getting tired of the other potato chips!<br /><br />Depending on the stores, sometimes shipping can be expensive.  If that is the case, most of the times you can find it at your local oriental groceries.
oh man, i love this candy! it's super delicious, but its really not that sour. I'd always collect a giant cache of quarters and spend it all on these for 50 cents each! =)
Our friends from Germany visited with us a few weeks back, and one of them adores Manhattans. She had them here 15 years back, and when I no longer could find a bottled mix locally, I ordered it from the Internet. This is my first experience with Master of Mixes, and the Manhattans turned out great, just as good as if I had made them from scratch. A great product!
I just love this Chili--it is beefier/chunkier than other no-beans chilis and the blend of seasoning is simply outstanding--much more savory and less of an assault to the tastebuds than Hormel's in my opinion.  Goes great on a hot dog, a baked potato, good to dip tortilla chips in and a wonderful companion to grilled cheese sandwiches or just toasted english muffins.
so anyways, i wished that i could find ginseng tea more easier, but for the price excluding the shipping i suppose its allright. comes in a weird form, not powder kinda like small bits of grass. Taste fine not sour or sweet
Packed poorly in shipping and a few had the seal broken because they were rolling around in the box!
Very good lemonade mix.  Close to fresh in taste.  Love that it has stevia.  I like it so much more than crystal light or any of the other mixes with artificial sweeteners.  I can take it anywhere, mix it in bottled water, and have a refreshing, healthy, safe, cool drink.
Bull Dog's Chuno has become a flavorful addition to my kitchen.  I've used it in everything: marinades, rice, stir fries, vegetables, etc.  I've also used it by itself or as a base to dipping sauces.  It also adds a nice component to homemade bbq sauce.  If I had to compare it to something it would be steak sauce.  Everytime I want to change a dish up a bit, I use chuno.  I've bought mine from somewhere else and didn't know it came in larger sizes.  The offering here is almost double the size, but it's also almost triple the price.  However, if the place I buy it from were to stop, I'd buy it here without fail.  I just wish they had the 50% less salt version.
My dogs loved these...they were cheap too.  Only problem is they are oily to the touch...given they outside is great!
Arrowhead Mills Organic Savory Herb stuffing has a very nice blend of herbs for a flavor that compliments chicken and turkey. I especially appreciate the fact that there are no transfats used in this stuffing so I and my family can enjoy it without worry! The stuffing is very easy to prepare, but really adds to the meal. We use it all year long. Why wait for a holiday to enjoy good food?
This was a christmas present for my son in law who collects super hero stuff. He was surprised but really liked it.
My daughter loved the little tin that came with her Adagio tea set so much that I got her a cannister of this for Christmas.  I think it will end up being a regular gift as we all love it so much.  It really is delicious, and with green tea being so good for you, we drink it all the time.  All the products I've tried from Adagio have been wonderful.
I am hooked on it.  It's just wonderful.  Highly recommended for taste and flavor and price.  I've tried different teas from different restaurants and tea houses, but I just love this one for home.  I use it nearly every day.  Will be trying more of these teas in the future.
I normally hate, hate, hate citrus anything in my tea.  I always thought it tasted the way lemon dish soap smells.  I received this tea in a sampler and wow, I can't get enough of it.  It's the first citrus flavored tea I've ever liked in my life.  It smells really good, sorta like Froot Loops, and I didn't even need to put any sugar or honey in it to enjoy it.
The pack of six bottles was delivered in a timely manner but when I opened up a bottle, the juice tasted sour.  I thought that it had spoiled in transit and considered returning the remaining bottles but then I noticed the very bottom line on the product label,"Enriched with Organic Lemon Juice".  It was too much trouble to return and, while I do not totally enjoy the tartness that the lemon juice adds, it is at least still pure and organic and healthy.<br /><br />I would not have ordered the product had I known that it was not JUST carrot juice but carrot juice with "organic lemon juice" added to it.  Perhaps this is why the price is so very right but I feel misled.<br /><br />It takes some getting used to if you are seeking the taste of carrot juice.  Before you order this item, I would suggest you buy a small bottle of carrot juice and squeeze some lemon juice into it to preview the effect of having lemon juice flavored carrot juice.
It's hard to find carrot juice  in stores so I gave it a try and ordered some juice from this seller via amazon....even so I felt kind of poshy doing so.<br />Well, I will do it again. My six bottles of juice were shipped super fast, packaging was very good. The juice itself is excellent. It is actually that rich in taste that I mix it half with water or apple juice. That way the already reasonable price  becomes even better.<br />I am really glad I gave it a try. Drinking a glas of carrot juice a day works wonders on my skin.
My recommendation? Get a juicer and make your own, or try Odwalla. The taste was bitter, and the smell was strange and foul. The label says "Enriched with organic lemon juice" and that is not pure carrot juice in my book. Maybe it was the lemon I tasted, I don't know. I had about three sips and couldn't stomach it.
This carrot juice is the best.  I've tried so many other brands and this is the tastiest.  We love the Carrot/orange and the Super Veggie too. It's healthy and great tasting...can't get better then that.
Talk about horrible . . .<br />I was craving carrot juice and the store was out of the brand I normally like which has what I like for ingredients: Carrot Juice.<br /><br />I did see before buying that it said it had Organic Lemon Juice in it when I looked at the ingredients but I figured that the makers would only add it if it didn't change the taste that much.  Well all I have to say is I taste no semblance of carrots at all.  It tasted more like drinking a bad V-8 or something.  Then after sipping a couple of ounces I now have an acid reflux feeling in my throat and chest.  I drink water with lemon pretty often and never have that happen.  So now I'm wondering exactly how much lemon juice is in here.<br /><br />If you want carrot juice this is NOT for you.  I don't even think they should call it that . . .<br /><br />I don't normally do it, but I am seriously considering taking this back to the supermarket.  I also think I should write a letter to the company because it is just that ridiculously bad.
I tried this carrot juice for the first time today and regret buying it.  I took my first sip and actually wondered if someone had put pickle juice in the jar.  It was awful.  I've had several carrot juices and never had any as sour as this.  It is difficult to fathom how this product is still produced.  It has lemon juice in it, but apparently far far too much.  If you enjoy pickle juice with your carrot juice, you will love this product.  I don't.
I don't know how they did it - but this is by far the worst tasting carrot juice I have ever had.  I think it has to do with the long shelf life - expires in 2012, I drank it in 2010 (well I tried to drink it).  It was probably bottled in 2007 or something.<br /><br />YYEECCHH!!
First Indiana Jones found the "Lost Ark of the Covenant", then the "Mystical Stone from the Temple of Doom", then "The Holy Grail" and finally the "Palace of The Crystal Skull"...But the loser still cant find "The Lost Lakewood Bottle of Real, Honest 100% "PURE CARROT Juice" Minus Lemons" not without "Short Round" anyway.<br /><br />I tried to leave "no stars" or fewer cuz, I felt and tasted the pain of other misguided customers, I spewed out my first rancid acidic taste of this clearly labeled, "PURE CARROT" Juice. Lakewood's knucklehead faux pas is their troglodytian approach to the label design. I can easily read "PURE CARROT" and "PURE" again, just above the illustration of "CARROTS ONLY" (but nada lemons), but in much smaller print at the very bottom of the label and below the CARROTS ONLY illustration (sans lemons), it mentions "enriched with lemons", 1% to be exact, which means 99% of their marketing team make O'Donnell look constitutionally wise.<br /><br />Intentional or not, it aint the keenest marketing approach to "thinking" consumers. To paraphrase a wiser woman, "You might want to rethink those ties." (LABELS in this case)~ E.Brockovich ~.  Even Juicy Juice was smart enough to clear up their ambiguously labeled products.  Today's McFly FYI and word of the day is "PURE", and brought to you from my sponsor, "Merriam Webster": PURE : unmixed with any other matter. As in Gold, Pure Gold, Jerry. (I watch tv and commercials, does it show?)<br /><br />For an amazing ride courtesy of the "short bus marketing team" see the label here:<br />http://www.amazon.com/Lakewood-Organic-PURE-Carrot-Juice/dp/B0000ZSHAK<br />Click on the photo and zoom in to find the 1% of Einsteinian logic or lack there of.  Finding the PURE BS or at least 99.9% requires no zoom, matter of fact arms length, like in a grocery store aisle is close enough to be misdirected.<br /><br />Ok Lakewood, so, think what you will about my criticism be it glib, harsh, frank, curt or possibly even unfair or totally wrong.  On the other hand, I think not but I would love to be proven wrong.  Are you game for a little challenge: Get three 3rd graders, heck even three 3 year olds and give them each 3 crayons, green, yellow and orange.  Now ask them to draw a picture for the label of juice which contains, "carrots and lemons" or if your brave enough for a real acid test, "lemons and carrots."  All I am saying, is give 3's a chance! In a world of scams, rip-offs and misconceptions and misdirection...be honest and be excellent to one another.<br /><br />No hard feelings, right?<br /><br />Ret Hink aka Curt Frank aka bombastic sarcastic B@5t@rD
Been waiting for this to be shipped for over 30 days.  Might be OK - hard to tell unless they send it.
They are very hard to find but whenever I do I try to stock up. Great flavor, perfect for munching on and still pretty healthy. Highly recommended.
I purchased this product for my goats initially. I like to give a warm drink of molasses water to my does after they kid and I also give a tablespoon full to any goat that seems to be feeling poorly. It seems to give them a good boost when they most need it. I bought an extra bottle for the house because I have always loved a bit of molasses on my biscuits. Much of the molasses, even that labeled blackstrap, that I have been finding in recent years is bland and seems to lack flavor. This molasses is quite delicious, if you like molasses, and is rich and flavorful. It also has high iron content, higher than I was finding in other brands.
Product contains 70% of adult requirement for iron in one tablespoon; yet is safe and gentle on the digestive system.  Ordered and sent to my 82 year-old mother who had had some problems with diverticulitis.  She took three tablespoons a day for a week then tapered down.  She felt stronger in days!
My wife has a difficult time getting enough iron, and supplements are very hard on her stomach.  With 70% of the USRDA of iron in one serving of this blackstrap molasses, she can very easily get the iron she needs.  This is not in any way hard on her stomach, either.  It tastes very good compared to other blackstraps we tried - a few have a slight edge on taste but none on iron content.  Blackstrap is an acquired taste but worth it for natural nutrients.  This definitely picked up her step within a very short time (she gets low energy and tired when she needs iron).  We will definitely be buying this again.
I bought this for my mother on the recommendation of my family physician.  He said my mom has iron deficiency anemia.  As the name implies, iron deficiency anemia is due to insufficient iron. Without enough iron, your body can't produce enough hemoglobin, a substance in red blood cells that enables them to carry oxygen. As a result, iron deficiency anemia can leave you tired and short of breath.  The solution: boost your iron intake.<br /><br />One tablespoon of this tasty delight has 70% RDA of iron and it tastes pretty good too.  If you like the taste of black licorice, I'd say you'll probably like the taste of this.
I bought this molasses at a local grocery store and nowhere on the bottle does it state that it is, 'unsulphered'. I called the company and talked to a sales rep in which he stated that it was not unsulphered. Although it does have a higher percentage of iron, I'm going back to Plantation.
Its a great product.I would recommend this to everyone who wants a tasty sweetner other than sugar.I just started using it,taste so good,the jar is almost finished.
This stuff does not taste like black licorice or sweet in any way to me.  It tastes kind of like thick, nasty soy sauce.  I can't see how anyone could take 3 tablespoons a week of this.  I barely managed to swallow the teaspoon I put in my mouth.  We eat very healthy and not much sugar but my tastebuds say "no way!" to this stuff.  It does have 70% of your daily iron so I will make some attempts to hide this in something else- though I really can't imagine what right now.<br /><br />In addition, the cap was not on tightly when the package arrived and the black goo had leaked out into into the packaging.  They did have it wrapped securely in bubble wrap though, so it only got on that.  Still, not pleasant to have to clean the container before I could open it.
I love the fact that this has so much iron in it.  I'm a vegan and it's not easy to get enought iron.  The molasses isn't quite as tasty as some I've had, but it has about 5 times more iron, so I'm ok with it.  I don't think anyone would buy molasses online if they just wanted a tasty food, so I guess it's a winner.
My cat suffers from bladder cysts frequently since i have used this now since november 2011 he has not had 1 attack of not being able to pass his urine. i place a few drops in his food every week. btw he does not like it but tolrates it. at first i had to use eye dropper and place a few drops in his mouth but after time he got used to it. a giant thank you this has saved me so much worry whether or not he will be ok.
I bought this statehood gift basket to break apart the items into smaller gifts for friends/family.  It's over priced so I will not buy this again.  The contents are mainly food made in China,  like graham crackers and taffy etc. One of the reasons I wanted it was for the beautiful XL ceramic coffee mug in this set.  Basket/item  is really large due to all the fancy packaging like novelty wrapping/cardboard for bulk, so there is not that much in there.  It's fun to open and it will bring back memories of a state you resided in.  Overall I was delighted with it but not the outrageous price for China made items and some items listed in the product were NOT included in this particular gift.  ( items vary per set )
Wow, this tastes great, sweet and chocolaty! Like a liquid chocolate bar.<br /><br />Plus it is organic!<br /><br />It does contain high-glycemic cane juice, so I don't drink too much. The original and vanilla flavors are sweetened with low-glycemic rice syrup. They have less sugar. All are organic.<br /><br />I don't know why the ingredients here say canola oil. Neither the Good Karma website nor the label on the box has that ingredient. If I verified that this site is correct, and the Good Karma corporate website and the label on the carton are wrong, I would stop using the product. Perhaps this page has outdated ingredient information.<br /><br />This is the richest most milk-like rice beverage and the label on it does not mention canola oil, which contains up to 2% toxic erucic acid and is found in many rice beverages that are fed to children! Canola oil cannot be used by US FDA regulation in infant food. (One research paper found higher levels of erucic acid in red blood cells of autistic children compared to non-autistic children, and there are many other well established toxic effects of erucic acid in humans and animals. Look in the medical journals.)<br /><br />This product is sold in my neighborhood Ralph's (best price), VC discount, and Whole Foods in Los Angeles.<br /><br />The 365 brand (Whole Foods own brand) is also canola-free. It is much cheaper but watery in comparison. I use it for cooking. Only plain and vanilla flavors, though.<br /><br />West Soy Rice beverage is also canola free. It has a more neutral taste and less body. They have a chocolate flavor.<br /><br />Many people find rice milk better tasting than other milk substitutes. I find it to be much easier to digest than soy and nut products. Soy milk, however, has much more protein. Aside from being hard to digest, I don't eat too much soy because of the anti-nutritional components; so I get my protein elsewhere.
It is a tiny bit grainy .. but it doesn't bother me a bit, my kids really like it - I use this as a "chocolate syrup" substitute in my kids milk to make the box go further - they really love it - it's great drinking it full strength too.  Not too sweet.  We love it!
I love this ricemilk.  It has the consistency of almond milk and no soy.
I am a Saba fan.  It is expensive for this but the intensive flavor given to salad dressings, dips, etc is without equal.  Use your imagination for this fruity/astringent addition.  The only responsibily bad results is yours for poor execution.
This is the second time that I ordered this product and I've been very happy with it.
Found these at a local grocery store and just about fell in love with them.  Their taste is fresher and most of the seeds live up to their name.  I got original, ranch and sizzlin bacon - they're all great!  When my grocery store told me they got Bigs as a one-time deal, I was happy to find them at Amazon.  If you're a seeder you've gotta try these.
The shipping was very prompt and the packaging excellent.  All other items in this order were excellent.  These were lollipops shaped and "painted" like flamingos.  But you have to hold them up close to the eye to figure out what they are!  They'll be "OK" to set out on the candy buffet, but they won't be the eye-catching item we'd anticipated when we ordered.
Licorice freakin rocks man, i like to take the licorice ropes and choke my self till im blue, then chew my way out. man this stuff is like crack, i just want roll it up and smoke it like a big fatty.
Excited to have been able to find this candy as have been looking for ages. Was received very quickly and the candy was well packaged and fresh flavor.Will buy again. Thank you.
I've tried a bunch of them and the taste of this product is outstanding.  Even the folks behind the counter at my gym commented on it and they sell a competing product.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
It tastes delisious, and works efectively if yo drink it at the rigth time. Lean body is the suplement with the best flavor I've ever tasted
Great meal replacement drink that tastes great!  You get plenty of protein and other vital nutrients.  I prepare one of these whenever I'm on the go and I won't have to worry about missing a meal.  The best bang for your buck, especially if you subscribe to the Amazon subscribe and save program.
So I was doing my daily grocery shopping on Amazon and I was like awwww yeah there are some Rice Krispie treats sure can just make them in the kitchen but then you have to clean the spoon and wash the stove and then find some saran wrap in the kitchen to keep them more yummy for the next days....instead order these its simple a nice size treat that will give you plenty of treats for one day...high five to snap crackle and pop you guys rule. have a nice day k
This product is perfect for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy. His stools are very regular and healthy. My Vet was very pleased to know I picked this product instead of a regular store brand. It's all natural and my puppy loves it. :)
Flour type 00 is better than regular flour.  Whether frying it or baking it, dough maintains softness and pliability.<br />I like it a lot.
Bought four, 2 lb bags and use them to make bread and pizza dough. If you have fantacies of that perfect italian pizza you had  while touring through Italia, this flour is just the thing. The dough even smells slightly better, the final product produces the closest thing to that wonderful crust you can't find in the USA.  It's worth the dough, for the dough.
This is the best flour for home made pizza. It has the best tasting crust I have found. It works best in a super hot oven if you don't have a pizza oven.
I make a lot of bread.  My family's favorite is my focaccia.  I had been purchasing a very "well known" flour prior to trying this.  I am so happy I did try it.  I thought my italian breads could not get any better, but this bring it up a notch.  I am comparing this to all the other 00 flours.  If you are a bread maker I urge you to include in your next order. maria domenica
I thought the whole figs would be softer for spreading but they are not. You have figs laying in a very sweet syrup. I've only tried it on toast one time and it was way to sweet to eat. The figs just lay on top unspreadable. I would not buy again. Save your money.
I have been to New Orleans at one of the Pat O Briens and had there hurricanes and this mix can taste just like what you would get at the restaurant.  The key is  that the mix  makes twice as much as it says it makes, so if you go by the directions it will takes powdery.  So either use half as much powder or twice as much water, mix with your favorite rum(what they use), vodka or gin and a nice sweet hurricane.
This is the best quality Chamomile tea I have ever tried! This is only 1 oz. so it's a little pricey, but I will buy it again anyway, because the quality is out of this world. You will get three nice cups of tea out of one tablespoon, but the first one is the best, of course. I like mine strong. Chamomile fans will love this tea.
chamomile tea is great with lemons and Apriva. chamomile tea is caffeine free that's great for pregnant women and those with high blood pressure.
Love this coffee.  Have bought this flavor and several others in the past.  Recommend it to everyone.  Will continue to buy it as long as I can afford to.<br />The French Vanilla is excellent as well!
These are a great value, great size snack to have, or even share, great snack..... yummy.  Haven't tried other flavors, but just might have to.
This hot sauce has an excellent taste, unlike most of Dave's Insanity sauces. I put 6-10 drops into a bowl of mild chili to make it hot. Like the other reviewer, I'd put it at about 1 million SHUs. Having eaten fresh bhut jolokia (ghost) peppers which are supposed to be 1 million SHUs, I'd compare it to those.<br /><br />4 million SHUs would mean that the sauce is 25% pure capsaicin. That would make it prohibitively expensive to manufacture or consume.
The first ingredient is vinegar. Anyone who uses hot sauce religiously should understand what that means. I read the other reviews and was expecting a hell of a lot more than what I got. It's got a good flavor to it, but it's just a few steps above tabasco. From what the other reviewers described, it seems this product has a LOT of variability in heat, which means it's going to have a lot of variability in quality. The bottle I got is really tame, far, far below my Dave's Ghost Pepper, Dave's Ultimate Insanity, Blair's After Death, Da Bomb Beyond Insanity, Da Bomb Ground Zero, Professor Phardtpounder's Colon Cleanser, it's a lacking sauce. Hell, Sriracha is hotter than this. If you get lucky and get a hot bottle, congrats. I use mine liberally on cheap pizza, because that's all it's good for.
Reaaaly hot stuff. Way hotter than Dave's Ultimate Insanity. Rivaled only by some of Blair's sauces. I don't think it is 4 million Scoville though..Maybe 1 million.
Listen if you want a good taste and hot. This the stuff! It won't melt your eyes out .but it is too hot to take straight . One dab will do ya on a bite of pizza!
A friend brought over a bottle as a gift and I loved it enough to hop on and write a review.<br /><br />I'm just arm chairing this, but I'd put it at somewhere in the range of 300K scovilles, or somewhere around half the heat of "Pure cap" or "Mad dog 357 with bullet". I tested the three side by side with a dab on the finger, dubious of the 4M claim. Maybe they mean it was made with 4 Million extract before diluted with the vinegar?<br /><br />The thing with all those superhots is that after a point it really doesn't matter. They don't have flavor, and you can always just add in a few extra drops. (I still appreciate the novelty!)<br /><br />Either way, it is aggressively priced, nice and hot, and unlike the other two sauces I've mentioned, has a bit of flavor from the peppers and vinegar besides being simply being 'spicy oil'. I like it!<br /><br />This is certainly going to become one of my regularly stocked hot sauces! It would go really well in a bit of soup, pasta, mashed potatoes, pizza, chicken wings, and so forth.
this hot sauce is great im new to the extreme heat sauces but i have previously tried fear sauce which has 1,100,000 scoville units and this sauce is by far alot hotter just two drops mixed with a little salsa on my taco had my mouth on fire its unlikely 4,000,000 scoville probaly more like 2,000,000 but i would  recommend this product
it is definatly not 4,000,000. half the heat of daves ghost sauce, maybe weaker. may be a good dipping sauce
Not only does this sauce have a great taste. But they have a small enough pour spout on top to allow you to pour small drops on your food, if your careful, or pour a lot. It makes it easy to make something rather hot to, WheW,. What a heavy Burn ! I love this stuff. It's in a large 5 ounce bottle. And compared to sauces with less heat it has a great price. :)
I have tried Daves Ghost Pepper hot sauce back to back with Z's, and Z's is considerably hotter. I don't know if someone got a bad batch, but it's painful to use more than a drop per square inch of food the first couple times you try it, nice to mix with something you want hot without a vinegary taste. Makes anything spicy without changing the flavor, but has a good flavor if you really go overboard with it.
HAs a good taste it is a lil hott not 2 bad maybe just a lil less hotter than blaires ultra death sauces but has a better flavor
really not much I can say abut this soup mix it taste great to us. we always bought the canned stuff when making pot roasts or whatever. then tried this well we will never go back to canned again. well worth the money will be buying more.
These things are seriously beyond delicious!! Just the right touch of saltiness to go with the sweet. A perfect dessert or cheat snack for those long work days :)
I had no idea something could taste this good. I'm not really a caramel person, but if I had dreamed up the most perfect balance between sweet-salty-buttery richness it would be these Caramel Sea Salt Squares. I found them at Whole Foods and they are expensive, but worth every penny. Milk is the perfect compliment. Get some and you will not be disappointed. You may be ruined for chocolate brownies.
Grilled out brats, chicken, and burgers for the entire family yesterday.  Covered all of it with Country Bob's seasoning and all purpose sauce!  The family loved it.  Best sauce available!!  Can't wait to use it on my steaks tonight!
I am very happy with this tea.  I hesitated to order because of price but it comes in a nice tin with 50 round tea bags.  It is great tasting.  I add ginger chips to it and it really is great when I have an upset stomach.  I just recently received my second order.
i got it for under 7 dollars shipped...  i wouldnt pay more than eight because your not getting much cereal.
The company has been around for over 160 years, is the company that started PG Tips and started and owned Red Rose tea so you know you're dealing with a quality tea company. The flavor is very similar to PG Tips to me; but stronger. It's definitely a milk and sugar or honey tea due to it's strength and you'll be happy that the milk doesn't 'water it down' in any way. With milk you'll still enjoy the full tea flavor; the milk only enhances the taste. It is a very strong tea, so be prepared for that. Otherwise it is a high quality, full flavored tea at an economical price. PG Tips is still my favorite but since I can't find it in my area but can find Brooke Bond Red Label at my local WalMart I'm a convert due to the quality and the very similar flavor to PG Tips...maybe it's just me, but I taste the similarity.  You won't regret trying this tea!
My brother Robert that he has purchased this exact product in this size from local Indian grocers in Houston TX and in Austin Tx area, including one purchase at a WalMart store in an area with significant Indian populations.  The tea was reported to be a wonderful product for iced tea with a faint pleasant flowery aftertaste.  He will purchase it again and again
These David's Signature Beyond Gourmet "Bacon" jelly beans do indeed taste like a very sweet and smokey piece of bacon. This is not flavor that I'm going to snack on, but would make a great gift for the many "bacon fanatics" out there. My wife commented that with a little vinegar flavor added in, they would taste like PA Dutch Bacon Dressing.<br /><br />This flavor is from David Klein, the creator of the famous "Jelly Belly" jelly beans, so I was thrilled to be offered this in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBO41E">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Flavor Sampler</a> to review since my family loves jelly beans.<br /><br />I also really like that these jelly beans are made with natural flavors and colors.<br /><br />CFH
If you are the kind of guy who really enjoys a huge slab of bacon with your breakfast, not that wimpy kind of stuff they serve at a restaurant, but the kind that hunters grab when they are together, thick, with lots of fat in the middle, you WILL enjoy these! You can almost feel your cholesterol count go up as you bite into them.<br /><br />Now I must admit I am a wimpy, crispy kind of gal, and I like my bacon on the lean side, in fact with my allergies I have to use Morningstar Soy bacon (don't cringe!). So when I bit into these, I realized from the very first bite I was NOT their intended audience.<br /><br />Nope, these are not "girl food." They are man food. If you want to carry a bag of these out to serve to your fishing or hunting buds early in the morning, this is the perfect selection for you. However, you might want to consider the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBLAMK">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Man Mix</a> for a selection, or the milder and tamer <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBO41E">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Flavor Sampler</a>. Both will give you a variety to try, just in case you don't like bacon as much as you think you do.<br /><br />I am grateful to have received samples of all of these from the company to try, and am basing my review on the samples which they sent. (Oh, I passed the rest of my bacon ones on to my guy buddies).
I bought two types of edible glitter to decorate a plain cake.  This one was by far the most stunning.  The other silver went on grey (not that appetizing) whereas this one had tonnes of sparkle and really made a statement.  Highly recommended.  Nice fast delivery too.
I need every color that is available ! Love this product! ! Received shipment very fast! Very happy with this product, will buy more.
I ordered this glitter based on the fact it advertised it was edible.  I wouldn't even try to feed this to anyone let alone on a cake for children!  I read several reviews and they all said how fantastic it was so I purchased on good faith.  When it arrived I wanted to see if it had a taste...it tastes like I assume craft glitter would taste.  I packaged it to send it back but didn't. If you want a trust worthy edible glitter, stick with Wilton products.
This stuff worked out great for my Disco Ball Birthday Cake.  My customer loved it! Check it out [...]<br />If you are looking for a great way to add that little extra something for your treats, you found it.
I used this product on a cake topper for a wedding cake that I made. It worked out so well. Bride & groom were very happy and got non-stop compliments!!
Simply wonderful! It adds that last little bit of WOW to your cake creations. I will be back for more!
Totally amazed at how far a small amount of this glitter can be spread. I bought 3 to decorate a wedding cake & used less than 1/2 of one! It was beautiful & worth the money.
This is a very tasty product.  This is my first time trying this, and I am glad I ordered it to see how it tastes.  As a product I'd order it again.<br /><br />One odd thing though that will cause me to lower this rating from 5 stars to 4 is that the listing here says a pound, but on the label 16 ounces is crossed out and 14 ounces is written next to it.  I didn't weigh the container to confirm this, but if it is 14 ounces, then then they need to update their listing to show such.<br /><br />Since I consider shipping to not be part of a product review I won't lower my star rating for this, and consider this to be just a mention of this then but the shipping was SLOW.  I ordered it on June 20th.  A USPS tracking/delivery confirmation number was generated on the 21st to be fair, but it took until July 5th for me to get this.  Even taking into account that there was a major holiday July 4th, that just seems too slow.  Everything was packaged well enough (although without anything like a "blue ice" pack to keep it cold for summer shipping...) but just took a long time to get here.  I do suspect the order wasn't truly shipped until the week before the July 4th weekend, despite a tracking number being generated on June 21st.
This was a gift from my Lil Sis.  Awesome.  Great flavor.  Can taste berries and rhubarb.  I love it.  Most likely will order more.
If I could give this food a zero I would. I tried it out and the dogs loved it until they all had the runs for 2 days. It was horrible, smelled bad, and I would never get it again!
Vimto, love it. Fekkin expensive here though!<br />That's the problem with no longer living back in Blighty, stuff like Vimto becomes much more difficult to get.
It's true you also need a decent scale (I used <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OKR89G">Jennings CJ300 300g X 0.1g Scale</a>).  I tried the Caviar Cointreau recipe [...] and everything worked perfectly on the first try (it's fast too - under 20 minutes & I'm sure faster once you get the hang of it).  It's fun & very easy to make (a juice recipe would be a really fun way to do an edible chemistry experiment with kids).  The kit comes with large enough samples that it looks like it'll be good for 40+ uses.
I bought the kit to dabble in spherification. The item is as-described and arrived on time. My complaint is that the instructions measure the required chemicals in fractions of grams. My kitchen scale measures as low as 1 gram but does not do fractions of grams. I cannot find a kitchen scale that measures fractions of grams. Therefore I find the kit difficult to use. I would not recommend the kit because it requires the purchase of specialized scale that can measure tenths of grams.
Soon after one dog was diagnosed with renal failure (Yes, she ate all the foods on that recall list), my Westie became ill and couldn't hold any food. The vet did all sorts of tests, but I had to find something gentle enough for him to keep down. That night I met a rep from Nutro at my local Petco. She told me all about Natural Choice, gave me literature and a website to learn more. I purchased this canned food along with a small bag of the dry food to mix with it. Turns out the dog had some sort of virus, but the food was the only food he could keep down to regain his strength. Due to skin allergies known to Westies, I have kept him on this food and find it's the best for him.<br /><br />I just don't understand, though, how this is sold so cheap on Amazon thru Petco. It's $16.99/case in the store and $15.99 on their website.  I think they should keep the price regulated throughout.
Not much of a lemon flavor for lemon cookies, more on the sweet side.  Coconut is listed in the ingredients, but you certainly won't taste it.  My son liked them, so they won't go to waste.  I would not buy them again.
Now I know this formulation is not the most natural or high grade one on the market right now. Believe me, I have tried to get her interested in just about every brand with the word "natural" in the title, and she is not having it. She won't get the benefit of the food if she won't eat it. So when I noticed she was eating all of her food when I put this in front of her, I decided to stick with what is apparently working. This is still premium food, formulated for my twelve year-old's needs, and she really, really likes it. 'Nuff said.
These are perfect if you want to add some beans to another soup, or just to have any size portion of black beans right away. As they are dried, they last forever, and you can have any portion size you want. With a little water and microwave, they perk up to give you really good quality black beans. I like these better than canned black beans, and I don't have any more at any time than I want. Adding them to soups which are too watery is a great way to thicken them up. You can't do that with canned beans which are mostly water in the first place. I haven't calculated the price out, but these are probably not any more expensive than canned beans because you aren't buying any water. Would be perfect for camping food as well.
I was born and raised on the east coast  Trenton - New Jersey ). I have loved Tasty-Kakes my whole life , so its a great present to find some mew flavors or twists on old familiar receipes.
I got this product for my husband beause he loves Dr Pepper. It came before the date it was suppose to arrive on. He loves it he wants to drink it but he doesnt, he is keeping it as a collertors item beause they dont make them anymore. The item was packed good and safe and everything was there. NO COMPLAINTS!
Shipping was quite a bit but the bottles were all unbroken and in good shape. Since Dublin no longer makes D.P. I wanted some bottles for a keep sake. These meet the bill. Over all good experience.
This is the new "Dublin" dr pepper now bottled in Temple Texas.  This is produced after Dr. Pepper force Dublin out of production.  It is not the same as Dublin Dr. Pepper, that is why it is so cheap.  If you want the real thing, you'll pay more for it.
ESPECIALLY AS WE GET OLDER, THE LINING OF OUR STOMACH GETS MORE SENSITIVE TO HARSH CHEMICALS AND SUBSTANCES.  LOW ACID COFFEE IS A COMMON SENSE SUBSTITUTE THAT LOSES NO AROMA OR TASTE IN THE PROCESS.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I received my 2 cases of Rice Works and the chips are awesome tasting and a great price BUT in every single bag (24) the chips were crunched/smashed into little pieces so i guess I have 24 bags of salad toppers or ..... but not chips.
I was delighted to find this product online, because I cannot always find it in the stores.  However, each package I have opened thus far is at least half reduced to crumbs because of poor packaging for shipping.  I doubt that I will order more using this method.
These chips are some of the best I've had--ever! They're so good I dare say that they're addictive from the very first time you try a few. The taste of the salsa is delicious and the fresh chips go with lots of other foods.<br /><br />The main ingredient is whole grain brown rice; and yes, this is good for you. I haven't had regular potato chips in quite a while; but I would imagine that these chips have less fat then potato chips have. There are no trans fats, no cholesterol, no preservatives, no and artificial flavors. They are even wheat and gluten free! Very good! They have less than 1 gram of sugar per serving.<br /><br />They do have some sodium; they have about 200mg of sodium in every serving; and there are roughly five servings to a bag.<br /><br />If you have further questions, the company maintains a website and an email address so you can contact them. Good PR!<br /><br />Overall, these are some very awesome chips! I highly recommend them. Enjoy!
I tried these chips on a whim while shopping at COSTCO. They stopped carrying the chips and I had to look elsewhere for these delicious snacks. No local store carried them, so I turned to Amazon.com in hopes of finding them. As soon as I discovered them on the list of foods carried by Amazon, I ordered a box.<br />When the box of chips arrived, I opened a bag of the  Riceworks Salasa Fresca chips, only to find not a single whole chip. The largest chip was no more than a quarter the size of a whole chip. It was impossible to use them to dip with. I hoped that was just an isolated bag of the product, but, most of the bags had similarly damaged chips. On average there were only a couple of whole chips to each bag.<br />It was very disappointing to have a great slasa style chip reduced to rubble during shipping. Because of the condition of the chips upon arrival, I will not buy them from Amazon.com again.<br />Great Chips when they are whole. A great disappointment when they are reduced to crumbled pieces.
I have tried all of the RICEWORKS chips except for the sesame soy which i plan to try soon i have a un-opened bag still so far prefer the sweet chile chips. These chips are pretty healthy as far as chips go made from brown rice and pop when chewed on. I bought them @Top Food's here in WASHINGTON State Costco has the larger 16oz BAG in the sweet chile flavor only. Price was $2.99 at Top Foods for 5.5oz size $2.88 on Amazon for same size.<br />Costco was $4.99 for the 16oz size...
These are the best tasting chips ever !  I can't get them anywhere here in Denver area so went to the internet to find them.  Wouldn't you know Amazon came thru !  Only concern is that they arrive a little crumbled---I guess understandable considering they're being shipped.  However, not so in store, when I could still get them here.  Really grateful that I can get them at all.
The chips are awesome.  I first bought them at Costco and now I cannot get them there any more.  The bags at Costco were about 3 times larger than the one I recieved from Amazon.  The arrived mostly in tiny crumbles of chips and the bags were about 1/3 full.  I won't waste my money buying them from Amazon again as the shipping is just not up to par.  If you can find the chips retail I would advise buying them that way.  Their website says that super target and Costco carries them but have not been able to find them there recently.
I am constantly looking for gluten free foods that I might enjoy for health reasons, I was excited to see these in my local store. Not only need you be concerned just with the MSG and soy protein, be aware of the weight in the packages. The bags purchased stated 5.5 oz. One seemed to be much lighter than the other. When I got them home, I put them in zip lock bags to check the contents. The bag that had seemed very light compared to the others was indeed less than a third of the amount in the other bags. It was no more than a very small handful. It did not contain crushed or broken chips, it contained very few chips. This is not the time for corporations who want to succeed and grow to cheat consumers! Is this a growing trend? I find it so.
LOVE these chips.  I think there are so many GF baked goods (be they less than exciting rice chips, heavy breads, grainy cakes, etc.) that just fall short of taste and texture.  I am knocked out by how crisp and tasty these are!  They are much like a popular orange triangular chip but better, even "fresher" tasting.  If I don't take a serving and put the bag away first, I'm very likely to mow through it in one sitting.  Products like these make me feel like I'm not sacrificing anything at all for the sake of going GF.
I LOVE these chips.  They are addictive...it's hard to just eat a few.  I tried the Chili flavor that has great reviews and I don't think they compare to the Salsa Fresca.  If you like a chip with a little kick...these are perfect.
The chips are delicious!! I absolutely love them. They are very addicting. Excellent for people with gluten/wheat allergies. The only thing was that during the shipping process the chips became broken and crumbled, not as bad as I thought after reading other reviews but still quite a few crumbs in the bottom of the bags. I would order again.
These are great chips.  I have tried both the Salsa Fresca and Sweet Chili and love them both (if I had to choose one over the other would take the Salsa Fresca - just my personal preference).  Will be trying the Sea Salt in the near future.<br /><br />Can't go wrong with these chips!
These things are like eating poker chips with seasoning salt.  They're remarkably high in calories, too!
I make for my wife capuccinno in the mourning befor she goes to work.<br />And I use flavored coffee in the esspreso machine and it is hard to find<br />Hazelnut flavored ground coffee at a reasonable price or finding just flavored<br />beans. This 5pound bag from Coffee Bean Direct was an excellent price and<br />the flavor was very good also. A great choice for paople who grind their<br />own coffee beans.
This coffee tastes like a good cityroast coffee with a mild hazelnut flavor.  It's good.  I am a big fan of hazelnut, and I would like the flavor to be a little stronger.<br /><br />My husband loves the aroma of this one and he prefers it to the Boyer Hazelnut because it is a little darker roast than the Boyer.
Smells great, looks great and tastes great.  As a guy who likes strong espresso type coffee, I was surprised and impressed by the bold flavor with just a hint of Hazelnut.  With just a little half and half its great first thing in the morning.
My husband loves Hazelnut coffee but the price of flavored coffee is so high, I used to only give it to him once a week, but now I can afford to give him his favorite everyday! He loves the rich flavor!
I have been buying this coffee for at least 3 years and I love it. Smooth taste with a hint of hazelnut. Friends enjoy coming over just for a good cup of coffee.
This is a nice "middle." It's a good-tasting roast coffee, with some hazelnut flavor. I'd say it is as good or better than the Wal-Mart Millstone hazelnut coffee. More of the hazelnut flavor is often too much for moi.<br /><br />It's not the best coffee I ever had, but it's just fine considering that it only costs about $6.25 / lb in the current market (Millstone is about $9).<br /><br />My only problem is what the product is -- 5 lbs. It's hard to keep that amount fresh, unless you are a restaurant. When a package is opened, I package the full 5 lbs in Wal-Mart (...) coffee bags, 1/2 lb per bag, then double-bag it into freezer bags, and pop that into the freezer. That way it stays fairly fresh, as defined by the aroma -- which is really nice when fresh, and less so when not
Trying something new with this coffee. Didn't blow me away but for the price, it's excellent. I don't have anything bad to say about it other than it's a BIG bag and I am mildly concerned with freshness toward the end, but we burn thru beans pretty fast =D
I have been so called a hazelnut coffee freak for about 10 years and I have to say that I finaly found the match to the hazelnut coffee my father in law offered me whenever I was over visiting. He has passed away so I can not say if it was from Coffee Bean Direct. But darn it. It sure taste just like what he brewed up. Thanks you for the good cup of coffee and at a reasonable price. I got this page book marked for later orders. TLA
This coffee is good. I have tried a lot of hazelnut coffees and this is one of the best I got from amazon. It has a darker and richer flavor than most hazelnut coffee. It was fresh and tasty and the price was great at about $6 per pound with subscribe and save. I will order it again
Finally, an affordable flavored coffee worth drinking.<br />Coffee Bean Direct Hazelnut is a really smooth, medium roast coffee with a definite hazelnut flavor.<br />The flavoring is not sweetened, which is a real plus, especially if you don't like sweeteners in your coffee. (If you do, you have complete control yourself.)<br />The flavor is not overpowering, but is enough to let you know you are drinking a hazelnut coffee.<br />Those who have complained may have received a bad batch. Usually the blend is good and roasting consistant, but, as with any other food product, variations and accidents do happen.<br />I have been using Coffee Bean Direct coffee for about five years and have not yet received a bad batch.<br />This one is a winner.
Since Folgers discontinued their Hazelnut I have tried atleast 10 different brands.. FINALLY THE BEST....This coffee is the best Hazelnut Whole bean we have found in years. Love the taste, the Smoothness,,,IT IS WONDERFUL..Finally AMAZON found a good one....We put this on REGULAR SHIPMENTS DO NOT WANT TO LOSE THEM... Thrilled with the taste.  THANK YOU AMAZON....Tried so  many my Husband and I love it and will follow them where ever they will go.<br /><br />MJ Wood<br /><br />Because of Amazon and it's FAST SHIPPING and REGULAR MONTHLY PROGRAM WE WILL BUY MORE GROCERY PRODUCTS FROM THEM.  IT IS EASY, FAST AND CHEAPER THAN THE STORE.<br /><br />Now looking for more products that save us a trip to the store...THANK YOU AMAZON you make it easier for us.<br /><br />I remember years ago when my Grandmother would call the Grocery store give them a list and they delivered it to her home...NOW I HAVE AMAZON to help us in our SENIOR YEARS.....<br /><br />GREAT PROGRAM FOR SENIORS OR BUSY PEOPLE.  RELIABLE, MONEY SAVING and great quality.<br /><br />Only Problem I had was with Chrystal Light i ordered was hard as a rock like it had been in warehouse for years.....<br /><br />MJ WOOD
Before I say anything else, I am mindful of differing tastes, as well as differences in processing from one batch of coffee to another. That said, I found the Coffee Bean Direct Hazelnut coffee to be evenly roasted (medium) and bearing a robust and rich hazelnut flavor from the first to the last cup. Since this is my first bag of hazelnut coffee from CBD, with which I am very pleased, I will update my comments, specifically addressing the consistency of the roasting/flavoring process from batch to batch with my next purchase. If my other CBD purchases are any indication, I anticipate a consistent product.
The only other flavored coffee I've used was Nestle Hazelnut. It too was a 5# whole bean.  I really enjoyed that one and thought I pick this one up.<br /><br />Where the Nestle's shared flavor with the bean this one overpowers.  This one has a burnt note that seems flavoring instead of roast related. I like hazelnuts and this a isn't anything like hazelnut<br /><br />Now I have 5# of the stuff.  My mistake!<br /><br />More Info:<br />I am about 3/4 of the way through the bag.  My opinion has not changed.  Also, I would note a very inconsistent flavor.  Today's grind seems almost devoid of the flavoring.  It appears they really don't have the adding of flavoring down.  The intensity of the flavoring is all over the park.
This is not a deeply roasted or rich tasting coffee at all.  It's very light, with unevenly sized beans -- clearly a blend.  Some beans are normal size and some are tiny.  The hazelnut aroma and flavor is good, but this coffee is not strong at all -- even using twice as many grounds, I could not get enough coffee flavor from these beans.<br /><br />People who like very weak coffee will probably love this.  People who like Starbucks will not like this one bit.
Anyone who knows Yaucono will like the "new" packaging of mylar-laminated plastic.  I wonder how long they packaged in layers of paper?<br /><br />If you have not had this very rich Puerto Rican coffee, you must sample it and then buy in bulk.  Juan Valdez might have a good bean, but the Puerto Ricans do it better.
I love this coffee. I tried it in Puerto Rico on our honeymoon and am hooked! I may even go back to Puerto Rico and get more!
This is a hefty roll of mylar! The 50" width allows more coverage, obviously, but the 1 ml thickness is what's really nice.  It's not flimsy!
This cake always turns out consistently sweet and moist, but bland.  Compared to the new deluxe Duncan Hines version of German Chocolate cake, this is not impressive.  It will do when you're craving something different from regular chocolate cake, though.
This Creme Brulee is as good as any homemade! Why bother with homemade when you can get just as delicious from a box! Easier to make too!
Oetker products are always the best. I've used them for years because they have unique items that are tasty and easy to prepare. You absolutly cannot go wrong with this Creme Brulee. Why spend a ton of money at a restaurant when you can serve it by candlelight at home?
This Creme Brulee is better than some of the better French restaurants I've been to. I just wish my local grocery stores would carry it!
It tastes like Jack Links brand, not Wild Bill's.  Even the texture is totally different from Wild Bill's.  Not recommended!
I blame myself for trying to save a buck - this coffee is way too weak for my tastebuds - they say it's a dark blend but it's not even close to a dark roast I buy at stores.  In the end, I have blend each can with a pound of dark roast and it's OK.
If you like a rich dark coffee, this product is NOT for you!  We'd been looking for an organic alternative, and I've tried some great ones, so we ordered this when it was on special.  Unfortunately, we ordered 6 cans to get the discount, and now we are stuck with organic, but very dull tasting coffee.  To make the best of it, we've bought other tried and true rich dark brands to mix with it.  Very disappointing!
I bought this along with the regular dark roast at a considerable discounted price.  Well lets just say you get what you pay for.  The flavor really is not there and this as well is not much of a dark roast.
We use this coffee at my office. People like it a lot and I feel good about it being organic and fair trade.
Organic, fair trade, Cafe Altura Coffee brews a great pot of coffee. 'Organic' makes it healthy, and 'fair trade' makes it a responsible choice. The Dark Blend is a flavorful choice.
I prefer rich, strong coffee and this product is a bit bland for my taste
We like dark roast coffee because it has more body and tastes stronger.  This coffee is just that!  It's great that it's both organic and fair trade.  The 3-pack means you have coffee for a while, and the price is very good.  You can either recycle the can, or repurpose it around the house.  All-in-all, a very good deal!
Nice body and full roasted flavor at a reasonable price for a organic "fair trade".  I'd buy the discounted pack again, but full price cost it too much to overcome my desire for an affordable coffee.
I ordered this for my Mother-in-law who could not find this product anywhere near where she lives.  She is really enjoying this product.
Very fresh and tasty SOFT buns that go well with my Omaha steak burger patties.<br />They store well.
Chewy Lemonhead and Friends are my favorite candy. Period. I love them...so much.<br />...(cough)<br />So when I found these I was really excited and bought a pack hoping they'd have that same tartness that makes Lemonhead and Friends so good!<br />Nope. Tasted just like every other jelly-gummy type candy. I was very let down. It was okay for jelly/gummy, but don't expect much.
I haven't ordered this item YET, so I can't speak to the customer service angle.  However, I have purchased this product at a local specialty food store that sadly no longer carries it and I must say it's one of the five greatest things I have ever put in my mouth.  It's so great I have literally eaten it straight from the jar! If you've never had lingonberries, they are crimson red, roughly the sized of blueberries, and taste a lot like sweetened cranberries, only better.  They don't have the acrid taste that cranberries sometimes have, but I will say that if you dislike cranberries, this may not be your favorite thing.<br /><br />Of all the lingonberry products I've tried - jams and preserves - the Fellix Preserves are my very favorite.  The berries are whole or in halves, the color is true and the fluid part is completely smooth, rich and has a dense texture.  The flavor is strong enough to stand up to the density and full flavor of a biscuit, but it's also great on bagels or english muffins or toast.  And although I haven't tried doing it, I've heard this is a great product to use in baking - this would be great in a berry muffin, or as a complement to game dishes.<br /><br />I highly recommend this!
All of my family members are fans of fruit jams, jellies, and preserves because they are versatile food products that any person of any age can consume. These food products are also friendly for people with TMJ/jaw problems as well. When I tried Hafi's Cloudberries Preserves from Sweden, I decided to try Felix's Lingonberries Preserves, too. Like the other Amazon reviewer said, if you like the taste of cranberries, then you'll probably like this lingonberries preserve. This lingonberries jam has berries in it and looks beautiful as you spread the preserves on pancakes and soft bread. It's the color red, and kind of reminds me of cranberries, the taste and look of them, especially cranberry dressing and salads during American Thanksgiving meals. Swedish lingonberries are very sweet and tart. My recommendation is to buy both Hafi's Cloudberry Preserves and Felix's Lingonberries Preserves for your household and when you're entertaining guests. Why? - because each person has different tastes, and Swedish cloudberry preserves is more mild with less tartness, and would accomodate the people who wouldn't appreciate the tartness of Swedish lingonberries. If you have both Swedish cloudberry and Swedish lingonberry preserves, then you would cover all your bases in terms of pleasing every family member and guest. When it comes to eating this jam straight from the spoon, personally for me, it is really tart, tangy, and a little strong. While with cloudberry preserves, I could probably eat the whole jar without tasting or sensing a strong tartness. Personally for me, this lingonberries preserves tastes great with vanilla yogurt; it reminds me of Yoplait's fruit in the bottom yogurts. According to Felix, on their jar, they say that these lingonberries ripen during summertime in northern Sweden. The ingredients in these preserves are: wild lingonberries, sugar, and fruit pectin. Felix also suggest putting these preserves on meat. I ordered these jars from the seller on Amazon, and they did a good job wrapping and taping bubble wrap to protect each jar from breaking during transport. Anyways, I highly recommend trying Swedish lingonberries and Swedish cloudberries preserves. Both of these Swedish treats offer different tastes that are yummy and good!
very excelent quality preserve lingonberry,,i will order it again,,but the shipment pack should be covered better with strong materials,,thank u for the great felix lingonberry
I can't imagine why but it seems that grocery stores have stopped stocking this item. If you haven't tried it you must, it is the best coating mix available and my family keeps asking me to make chicken only with this shake and bake. It has a very different flavor than any BBQ sauce on the market, a flavor all it's own that is really delicious and goes with any side dish. I have made stuffing, mashed potatoes (a favorite) and almost any vegetable to go with it and everyone always has a second helping of chicken.It's perfect for company because it is unique and tastes like something you would cook for a special occasion. I am always afraid that they will stop making it, it really has become a staple in our home and even the most finicky people love it, kids all seem to love it and I love it because it is quick and easy. It's a very unique flavor, I want to say a little sweeter than most BBQ sauces or flavorings but not really sweet , kind of like a honey BBQ but better, that can be used on pork chops as well. There is a plastic bag enclosed to shake it in but I find that more of the mix sticks to the sides and it is very hard to coat the chicken , a lot of wasted mix that way. I put it on a plate a little at a time and add as needed, then I rinse the chicken pieces and kind of lightly roll them on the plate in the coating (shaking a little out of the packet on spots that are not coated) and then place them into a baking pan that I line with foil, it makes clean up much easier after cooking, almost don't need to wash the pan this way.Try to get all the pieces covered especially on the tops because the bottom will come off a little bit from the grease that cooks out of the chicken. Any mix left in the packet I shake on pieces that don't look completely covered and then just on top of all of them. I usually get a package of about 3 or 4 half breasts and a package of 6 thighs and one pack of mix will cover it all if you roll it on a plate. It becomes very sticky when it gets wet so it will stick to the plate, your fingers and of course the chicken pieces. I have also used a little bit of plum jam brushed on the chicken before coating it and thats very good too, but honestly you don't need to add anything it is delicious the way it is. Cook it long enough to get browned and crispy and remove it to a serving dish right away so it doesn't sit in the grease and you will be extremely happy with the results. I would really be interested to hear from someone who has never cooked with this before and see what they think.
Have you ever try bbq chicken wings?<br />Use this glase and it would be delicious.<br />I used it a lot but usually bought it in super market. today I didn't find it there so I came online and order more here price is much better here.
For some reason they stopped selling this in stores in Fort Worth.  This is my favorite for chicken.
I HAD USED AND COME TO LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND SUDDENLY COULD NOT FIND IT IN STORES NEAR ME. I CAME TO AMAZON AND THERE IT WAS! I COULD NOT GET MY CARD OUT QUICK ENOUGH! I SHARE WITH MY DAUGHTER WHO ALSO CAN'T FIND THIS ITEM LOCALLY.<br />THANKS AMAZON!!!!
This is the best coating/glaze to help make BBQ Chicken. I never can find it is the stores so I always buy it here and it is so much cheaper then a store. I pour it in a pie pan roll the chicken in it then bake. After I roll all the chicken I put the remaining glaze in a Zip Lock gallon bag and place in the freezer till the next time. Sometimes I mix the glaze with plain Chicken Shake n Bake for a crunchy BBQ coating.
This BBQ Glaze Shake'N'Bake is great for other meats besides chicken and pork.<br />They made great Christmas gifts for grandchildren in college.
We live in Tucson AZ and all of a sudden we can't find this one product anywhere in Tucson. I makes the chicken so juicy and tender and the flavor is beyond compare. So happy to be able to purchase some and looking forward to buying more!!!!
They stopped selling this at Walmart which made me sad but then I found it on amazon which made me glad. You have to buy in bulk but (going by the ones that I received) they don't expire for over a year so as long as you store it correctly you should be able to buy in bulk even if it's a small household like mine.
this item is so hard to find. i was so thrilled to find i could buy more than just one at a time.
Delicious, easy and quick!  Kraft Shake 'N Bake BBQ Glaze for chicken and pork.<br /><br />Kraft BBQ Shake 'N Bake is a great option to "traditional" BBQ recipes and brimming with flavor.  Perfect for company, everyday family meals, or a solitudinarian.  :)<br /><br />May I suggest:  BBQ Shake 'N Bake chicken, cream potatoes, steamed broccoli, and a lettuce wedge salad.  You'll have a great meal in under an hour.<br /><br />  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0005ZYN4O">Kraft Shake 'N Bake Seasoned Coating Mix Barbecue Glaze 2 Pack with Shaker Bag - 8 Pack</a><br /><br />Buy it now  :)
I had not been able to find Kraft Shake 'n Bake at the two (2)grocery stores where I shop.I was so glad to find this product available through Amazon.com. It was easy to order and was delivered very quickly. Great service.<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Laura W.<br />Phoenix AZ
For whatever reason the only 2 grocery stores where I live no longer carry this product. It is my husbands absolute favorite. I am so glad I am still able to buy this product on line.
I remember the old days of having shake and bake BBQ ( I had a mother that was raising 5 girls alone). Chicken and the S & B were cheap to buy in these days and we ate it a lot.<br /><br />I never thought those memories could be recreated through smell and taste again, but oh My godness it was!!<br />It is just a delicious as I remember it being as a kid. I bought a case of 8 and have 6 more left. I don't know why the stores don't have this in stock...one clerk said its the msg in it. Well people should be able to make there choices of buying it or not buying it.<br />I am still amazed at the granular style it is and how it ends up this red sticky delicious old style bbq sauce that sticks to it like glue.<br />It is so gooood!! I highly recommend buying it and it would probably be good on ribs too!!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E1HVW0">Shake 'N Bake Seasoned Coating Mix, BBQ Glaze, 7-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 8)</a>
Welcome to heaven, Judy.<br />What?<br />Yes, you have arrived.<br />What?<br />You are asleep now, thanks to Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime tea.<br />But I don't remember going to sleep.<br />My point exactly. That's why I call it heaven.<br />But who are you?<br />I am Sleepytime Judy and I am asleep.<br /><br />What welcome relief, knowing there is a pleasant, calming antidote to the stresses of a relentlessly busy mind that sometimes refuses to shut down. Just walk to the kitchen, put the kettle on, pull out a Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime teabag, place in a favorite cup--mine is a slender version of a Blue Willow cup, pour on water at just the boiling point, and wait for the tea to steep.<br /><br />Meanwhile, pick up the box--how many times now--and read the the words.<br />"100% Natural Herb Tea, Caffeine Free."<br />"a comforting blend of chamomile and spearmint creates a lullaby of tender flavor to soothe your senses..."<br />"...it lets you curl up under a quilt of flavor and quiet the tensions of your world..."<br />'The sweetest way I think of you is when the day is done.' Emily Dickinson<br />Ingredients: Chamomile, spearmint, lemon grass, tilia flowers, blackberry leaves, orange blossoms, hawthorn berries, and rosebuds.<br /><br />But before I take my cup back to bed, I look at the last panel of the box. There's papa bear asleep in his cozy chair in front of the fire, Mama is carrying the baby and holding the hand of another, taking them to bed. Through an open door one can see two little bears already asleep in their bed. All in all, a cozy room of happiness and warmth and the promise of sleep.<br /><br />I sip my cup of Sleepytime tea quickly, almost gulping. I have learned that if I sip my usual slow sipping, I will fall asleep only halfway finished. That is how efficacious the tea... really... is.....
Sleepytime is a popular tea that has been around a long time due to its high quality. The natural flavors and ingredients have made it a required tea for the cupboard of persons interested in healthy eating for the last 30 years! The predominant flavors are of chamomile and spearmint--but the additional ingredients--including rose buds--create a satisfying, complex blend that is very tasty and soothing. Not only is Sleepytime caffeine-free but it contains herbs that are mildly relaxing and healing for the stomach. Drink this lovely tea before bed either with or without honey.<br /><br />Sleepytime contains chamomile, spearmint, lemongrass, tilia flowers, blackberry leaves, orange blossoms, hawthorne berries and rosebuds. The healing qualities of some the herbs in Sleepytime are listed below, however please note that there is insufficient quantities of each herb to have anything more than a very mild effect. Blackberry leaves, which are soothing to the stomach, contain tannins which provides a tea-like base for the flowery flavors of chamomile and rosebuds. Spearmint is one of the milder mints and is also useful to soothe tummy ache. Chamomile is a wonderful herb that has a relaxing effect; it also can be used to soothe tummy aches, headache, menstrual cramps and is a mild anti-fungal.<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings gets extra points for their packaging: they utilize 100% natural recycled paperboard in their boxes and they don't package each tea bag individually. Instead they use a system of a waxed paper bag inside the box that stays shut when you fold it. It keeps the bags fresh and utilizes less packaging than individually wrapping each bag. The art they use on each box is beautiful as are the quotes and information they put on every surface.<br /><br />Quote from the box:<br /><br />"Ultimately, the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or friendship, is conversation." Oscar Wilde.
Tea has a great flavor - almost what I'd call 'spearmint' flavor which is great with honey or sugar with or without cream. I drink it hot and if it does cool, it's still good.  It does help me relax and go to sleep when I've had a long day.  My grandchildren love the flavor and we often share a pot of tea as it is perfectly safe for them.  Celestial Seasoning Teas are great teas always but Sleepytime is one of their classics! I'd recommend this tea to anyone, as out of all of Celestial Seasonings teas, this is probably ranks as close to number one on my list of favorites.  And I do have a lot of their tea in my pantry -- my son swears I must own stock in it, LOL.  If you like tea, try it, I really think you'll be glad you did as I feel Sleepytime truly is one of their best teas. :)
at it's best.  I have been drinking this tea since high school and the flavor has not wavered.  I've tried plain chamomile and it didn't make the cut. Nothing beats a cup or two of Sleepy Time before bed as it calms the nerves and settles the tummy.  What a perfect way to drift off into slumber !
Just 1 cup in the evening caps off my day and gets me relaxed and is a permanent part of my bedtime prep.  This CS Sleepytime Tea is my absolute FAVORITE evening tea ritual!  I think it is the wonderful flavor of camomile plus the spearmint that adds that extra something refreshing...ahhhh...(sigh)...big yawn...I'm toddling off to sleep now........  P.S.  I also love a cup anytime I'm feeling somewhat stressed and especially whenever I need to wind down like after a long time on the computer or after stressful shopping trips.  Take a cup and you'll really be in a mellow place.
Tea's are very personal and everyone has their favorites. I really enjoy this tea when relaxing, or before bed. The subtle mint flavor seems to comfort and sooth. A little sugar (I'm not a fan of honey) really makes all the flavors POP! Being a fan of this tea it was a no brainer to order it in bulk, the price at the time was great, cheaper then the grocery store (by far). The packaging was efficient and made it really easy to store.
I love Sleepytime tea at night while I'm laying in bed reading a book, winding down for sleep. It has a fresh, comforting flavor, and a really great scent. It is a main part of my relaxing bedtime ritual, and I make use of Amazon's automatic re-ordering program, which saves me So Much money compared to grocery store prices. I only gave 4 stars because after about a week of drinking it every night it kind of loses it's charm. That's when I alternate it with Celestial's Tension Tamer, just to keep things interesting. Great product for herbal tea lovers, and again, a much better price here than in the grocery stores.
I love Sleepy Time tea, I used to give it to my children, since it is caffeine free, as they grew up, it helped them warm up and fall asleep quickly.<br /><br />Just a little story and a small cup of warm tea, that was the routine especially in the winter. They are all grown now but I find that they are now serving it to my grand children and it is having the save effect.<br /><br />I still drink it between all the other teas I enjoy but this one is just a little more special.
We make most of our tea from loose leaf in a press pot. Sleepytime is the lone exception. We've been drinking this tea for many years now and it still rates among our very favorites. It's the perfect blend of camomile and mint. And you gotta love the bear.
Have used this herbal tea for sometime now...one cup before bedtime and it always helps me rest better.  Love the discount for ordering the six months supply.
I have been purchasing and drinking this tea for years.In fact since Mo Siegel used to advertise it on TV..now that is a long time ago. It really helps calm frazzled adults as well as hyper children before bed. But what is more share worthy is the fact that it is a great tea for children that suffer from motion sickness.<br /> Our oldest daughter used to be car sick all the time. We carried an endless supply of "baggies" for her as she would 8 out of 10 times relieve herself when commuting back and forth to school.<br /> We discovered that this tea, given 20 minutes before the ride and every hour or so on long family trips curtailed her horrid events completely. The main ingredient is chamomile and it really helps relieve motion sickness and soothe frazzled nerves.
when ordering in bulk with the repeat shipping option, this tasty tea is a great value
Sleepytime tea is one of those teas that can always be counted on. It's very mellow, with a great taste and smell. Perfect for relaxing after a long day. This is the tea that all other herbal teas should be measured against.
Valerian and Chamomile are blended with spearmint leaves, lemon grass, hawthorn berries and orange blossoms to create a delicious tea to savor late at night before you drift off into dreams. This tea is much more effective than regular Sleepytime and I can say this because my sleep cycle has been fairly regular with much fewer nights of tossing and turning. You may also find that your mood the next day is rather mild and you feel more relaxed in general. This could be due to getting a good night's sleep for a change or it could be that the valerian has a lasting effect. Valerian is a very effective herb if you can't get to sleep and this tea is highly recommended for insomnia. Unlike sleeping pills, you won't feel groggy the next morning. Blend in a little lavender or orange blossom honey to enhance this deliciously mild minty tea.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
What a wonderful product!<br />I can drink it all times of the day, so obviously the original Sleepytime Tea causes no real drowsiness.<br /><br />I start my day with the tea and end it with the tea.<br />It makes me so relaxed and it's healthier then smoking..lol<br /><br />It's also made me a fan of sugarless tea.<br />Never again will I go back to sweet tea or terriable diet sodas!<br /><br />Try some Sleepytime Tea if you love tea! The flavor is amazing and very smooth as well as unique. It's great hot or cold!<br />You will not be dissappointed.
This product is so great.  My daughter who is extremely pick loves it and she is also gluten free!!  so she can actually have this!!!!!<br />Not bad for 100 calories per serving!!!!!<br />This will be a great dish to take for Thanksgiving dinner.
I like to make this when I make chicken fajitas or dirty rice, it is a nice compliment and does not dry out as much as Jiffy's corn muffin mix (which I used to use). This packet, water, half a stick of butter and a can of creamed corn is all it takes, then bake for 45 minutes. It is moist and sweet, it does not last long in my house!
Easy and delicious!  Have made it in a 9x5" loaf pan as well as in a mini-muffin pan;  both methods yield a great-tasting product.
I make this product when we have any kind of Tex-Mex meal.  Everyone loves it.  It is easy to make and tastes great.
Seems stange that any item this good and tasty would disappear from stock iun the stores.  So glad  to find it on Amazon...and at the rate we eat this - especially in the winter with chili, won't have any problem going thru the bulk order of 12 pkgs...<br />Thank you Amazon and Chi-Chi's!
I had a taco party and almsot every single guest asked me How do I make the Corncake?.  I run out every year.
This little packet makes a whole pan full of sweet corn goodness.  Is it a side dish or a dessert or both?  You decide.  Easy to prepare and delicious on the table.
I love chi chi's corn cake and I love that I can purchase it from Amazon. My local grocery store stopped carrying it and I was so happy to see that I could order it from Amazon. I would give it 5 stars but not everyone in my family loves it. (I don't know why, it is so yummy) It is a delicious side to any mexican meal!
I grew up in Southern California, so I've had my share of sweet corn cakes at local restaurants. This mix is a great way to make these at home. I prepared a package of these for a friend of mine (who lives on the east coast and had never tried a corn cake)....she's now addicted but can't find them at her local store. Thank goodness for Amazon!
I have tried to duplicate this without having to buy the prepackaged stuff, but have never come close. The stuff this creates is outstanding in texture and flavor. I have always like the little dollop of corn yumminess that they sell at the Tex Mex chain Chevy's and this is almost a spot on replication of it. Great stuff for even picky eaters like young kids.
I made the recipe on the package and my family LOVED this dish. I will make it many, many times. My grandson said he wanted a whole dishful just for himself!
I had never made this or had it at a mexican food diner, so I did not know what to expect.  It is good and very moist, but if you use creamed corn with added sugar in it your muffins or corn loaf will be very sweet.  I will make my own cream corn to add next time instead of using Libby's canned cream corn which is high in salt and sugar.  I like sweets but this was a little over the top using canned cream corn. The first ingredient in the dry mix is sugar, not Corn Masa as listed on the Amazon site so be advised this is definitely a dessert.
sooo happy amazon sells this! the one grocery store that has it in my neighborhood is closing!!!! this is delicious!!! perfect for a fiesta night!
Delicious.  Reminds me exactly of the corn cake they use to serve at their restaurants.  I make this with every mexican night we have at home.
I've got no talent in the kitchen but in today's economy hosts really appreciate guests who contribute to the atmosphere by bringing a side dish.  I'd sampled this corn cake at a friends and couldn't believe it came from a mix.  I immediately ordered the mix from Amazon and put it to the test. So easy (water, melted butter and a cake pan) even I couldn't mess it up!! I took it to the next gathering where it was a hit.  I only wish it came in a smaller shipment (min. shipment is a pack of 12) but since everyone always seems to want the recipe, we can share.
I too am so glad Amazon sells this!!  I sometimes add a 1/4 cup of sugar when I want it sweeter:)
All the Chi Chi's closed in my area.  I was able to get this mix at the grocery store, but lately it has not been on the shelves. I am so happy to have found it on Amazon.  This mix is awesome.  Great for taco night!!!
Our daughter was very unhappy because she could not find Chi-Chi's Sweet Corn Cake Mix in her grocery stores.  Thanks to Amazon.com the "fix" was easy.  We had Corn Cake while dining on Lake Powell.  Heard the grand kids were enjoying more Chi-Chi's Corn Cake last night.  Thank you!  SR
I really like this product---when my grocery stopped carrying it, I ordered it through the mail.  This is more of a quick bread than a cake, and it requires a can of cream style corn.  The result is very moist and has a good corn flavor.  I bake it in muffin pans in cupcake papers, and a dozen are small.  It makes about 8 good sized muffins.  I also bake these longer than specified on the package, because I seem to like things that are more done than many people.  These store well in a plastic bag in the refrigerator---if they are not all eaten by the end of the meal.
Chi-Chi's sweet corn cake is awesome.  The stores in our area stopped stocking this item.  SO HAPPY to have found it on Amazon.com.  No other corn bread/cake mix comes close to being as good as this.  It goes great with taco's, nacho's and chili.  We also like to add in some frozen corn before we bake it.  YUM!!!!
so so.there was great reviews on product only made it once will try it again
I've been a fan of this stuff for years.  Make sure you stir it up after you pull it out of the microwave since the grease seems to float to the top.  It is quick, easy, and makes for a tasty lunch when you are short on time or don't feel like going out for lunch.
It isn't healthy, despite the description above, though I did not buy it for that reason. I love pasta, but for my uses preparing a fresh batch, then adding the sauce would be both expensive, and time consuming. This is the best solution. I will buy this variety again in the future, in the can version, for more days.
I'm recently widowed so have to learn to fix for a single person. I hoped this microwaveable bowl of "Beefaroni" would provide a tasty lunch. To my surprise, I found that it was nearly all macaroni, with some tomato sauce and a very small amount of beef. The taste was OK if you like macaroni and a rather strong tomato sauce, but I expected more beef. Also, as with so many canned food these days, be prepared for a high dose of sodium -- salt, that is -- 31% of average daily requirement in one small serving. Overall, no so good.
Great for a snack (I eat a 2500 calorie/day diet)... I eat this between lunch and work and it hits the spot.  An entire bowl is 400 calories.  Arrived on time and its easier and cheaper than buying in bulk at ACME or other such (not costco but i dont have my own member card)
When the flowers showed up, they were in pretty bad shape.  I figured that water and the provided plant food would spruce them up within a few days.  Didn't happen.  They went from being dull and wilted to being dead within four days of arrival.
i received the box of chocolate and was very pleased . the box was in excellent shape and was wrapped well. the candies were fresh and delicious. would get again.
This 2 lb box of chocolates was a wonderful gift for my 20 year old niece!  The quality of the chocolates was amazing, but more importantly was the long lasting pleasure the young lady got.  A double gift!  Thanks Amazon!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0042GWKWO">See's Candies 2 lb. Assorted Chocolates</a>
Speaking as another Texan, I think the first rule for these delicious treats is to NOT order them during spring or summer. In fact, your safest bet is to ONLY order them in the dead of winter.  LOL!  As long as you do that, be prepared for a truly amazing treat!  This package comes with 12 bite-sized delicacies.  The chocolate is high-quality, the nuts are crunchy, and the overall taste couldn't be better.  Definitely worth the price!
i cannot believe that i found these on amazon!!!!  i became addicted to the little, choclate covered, macadamia delights in tokyo and thought that i would be doomed to a life without them back in the states.  BE WARNED CONSUMER!  HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!!  HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!!  recently, i mourned the devouration of my last box... but i've found them again!!!!  I CAN LIVE! I CAN LIVE!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed eating this macadamia delights from Meiji. The chocolate has a great, and not too sweet, taste. The nuts are a bit small, if you are used to larger varieties, but that is a small problem.<br /><br />I found they were not good for my feeding frenzies. Stuffing a whole box down in about 3 minutes is not a good idea, as the chocolate can leave a bit of an aftertaste in the throat. Taken at a more leisurely pace, they are a real treat.
I got this product ship one day express. Unfortunately, when it arrived and I opened it, all I saw was a big blob of melted chocolate with LITTLE macadamia nuts in the center of the holders.
The actual product deserves 5 stars, the reason I gave it 4 stars is because its like three dollars at asianfoodgrocer.com. That's where I order it from, not amazon. Much lower prices.
I didn't buy them here but I did buy them from Buford Highway Farmers Market here in Atlanta and they are wonderful. They are worth a try. :)
This will be a short review (for me).<br /><br />I am somewhat of a tea connoisseur, so for me to give a tea 5 stars... well this is a first for me in an Amazon review.<br /><br />Like other reviews of this product, it is a beautiful delight to watch this hand sewn tea unfold in the pot; delicate, thin first flush leaves surround a beautiful red center of hibiscus.  The liquor is a light honey color, and the apricot overtones are pronounced on the palate.<br /><br />I would recommend this tea for anyone who enjoys green (or white)teas; wants to become more familiar with them, or as a gift for someone.
I only use C&H Bakers Sugar for all my baking needs and I go through it FAST with a lot of baking. I looked on Amazon to see if I could purchase it in a case for ease and cost savings. At the grocery store, one 4lb carton costs less than $5, so to get three of them, it would cost $15 or less. Here on Amazon it is $28 PLUS $12 shipping. That totals $40 for a $15 product. Yep, that's almost 3 times more expensive than if I just purchase it at the local grocery store. I love Amazon and was really shocked to see this price. This is a definite NO THANKS, I know better than to purchase this item here!
This is the sugar I use for all my white sugar needs. It's very fine, somewhere between the dust like qualities of powdered sugar and regular sugar. It dissolves very well into drinks without that somewhat odd tastes powdered sugar can have because of the corn starch or the granularity of not dissolving completely like granulated sugar which makes it perfect for cold drinks.<br />When baking with it, because it's so fine, I usually use a scant cup (1 cup - 1 tablespoon) instead of a full cup. That seems to work well for me.<br />Excellent for meringues and fudge because it's so fine and dissolves so well.
Too soft: I just used this sugar to bake one of the layers for a firm pound cake-like layer cake intended for decoration (Wilton Butter cake recipe). This is a pretty hardy cake and can stand up to changes in temperature etc and still turn out well. I had already baked several of the layers with regular granulated sugar before I ran out and decided to use some of this baking sugar. Be forewarned, this sugar makes cakes far too tender. The layer literally fell apart coming out of the pan and it was well cooled and in a pan liberally covered in cake release. Even when I was mixing the batter, it for some reason stuck to my stainless bowl and was impossible to scrape entirely out. I'm sure this is good for meringues and such, but I would never attempt to use it again for a cake or even cookies. You would never get them out of or off the pan.
We've been trying various rices including Aquarello Carnaroli and this Vialone Nano is by far the best. It's very forgiving of lapses in technique and produced the creamiest risotto of the five brands of rice we've tried.<br /><br />Be sure to have an airtight container to store the unused rice from each package - the vacuum pack plastic is too stiff to close well.
Great for risotto.  Creates creamy finished product, while maintaining a good 'al dente' bite, better than any other rice I have used.
If you want to make authentic Italian risotto for a reasonable price, buy this rice! Vialone Nano is - in my opinion - the very best for making risotto. You have to follow the true process, starting with sweated shallots, then parching the rice, then deglazing with white wine, and finally adding hot stock in small amounts while stirring often. If you follow this procedure (and/or find a good recipe), you will be rewarded with some of the creamiest, most mouth-meltingly tender rice you've ever had. Why pay for it in a restaurant when it's so easy to make at home?
Very crunchy and salty, just like described. I can also tell they use a lot of artificial  color. Not the best caviar. Might be really good for sushi!
My dog is simply crazy about these treats. But what is really nice about them is that they are fairly healthy as well. Since they are hard treats they serve the purpose of both cleaning the teeth and providing a semi-long lasting morsel of enjoyment. In additon to that, since these treats are all natural, they do not contain as many of the fillers that are present in some of the other treats, making them extra healthy.<br /><br />The price may seem hefty for simple dog treats but these are pretty large treats that can be broken up into smaller ones and you can't beat the quality.
All the dogs on my Christmas list loved this. They ate it right away
These seeds are awesome, good size with the perfect amount of spice.buffalo to ranch flavoring.  I've only been able to find them here locally at 2 or 3 other gas stations, ordering them via Amazon is obviously cheaper and saves me nearly 4-5 dollars buying the box.
This new flavor is great. Not too spicy as I thought it would be.  In fact, it has the flavor of buffalo sauce but not the heat which I like.  I tried these from the local convenience store.  But from Amazon, the shipped price is really good.  So I bought a couple of ten packs.  Can't wait. I've been out for a few days now and need something to snack on at work.
These are jumbo and flavored nicely,  I ended up saving $.40 per pack as well, good deal.  Once u go jumbo u never go back.
These are good sized seeds, and they taste good, not over roasted.  I know this as I rinse them before I eat them.  The flavor is a little strong for me, which if you knew me would not surprise you.  I'm not the biggest fan on spices that add heat.  If you like Buffalo Wings, I'm sure you'll love these.  It was the "ranch" part of the flavor that caught my eye.
Looking for a good tasting jumbo sunflower seed that is not too salty and has an outstanding flavor?  Then these are for you!<br /><br />They have an awesome flavor are jumbo size and the price won't hurt your pocketbook.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Unfortunately they are hard to find and when you do find some they fly off the shelf, so they must be good!
The seeds are large and roasted perfectly. I lived in Upstate NY near Buffalo when the Buffalo wings phenomenon started and have been eating them ever since. These seeds don't even have the faintest resemblance to Buffalo wings. If you are looking for that taste don't buy them.  If you are looking for a great spicy ranch taste then these are for you.  The only flavored seeds available near me are the plain ranch. They are ok, but these have that extra bit of spice that really makes them great.<br /><br />Will be buying these again and highly recommend them to anyone who likes the spicy, yet not too hot ranch taste.
It was this or a big tub of spice drops. These are better for diabetics. They didn't last long, and my wife enjoys the mess I make 'round the La-Z-Boy.
The only thing keeping this product from five stars are all of the broken shells. At the top of the bag, I found a number of half shells. However, when I got to the bottom I realized that many of the seeds had collected there in a pile of shell remnants and seasoning salt. Blow the seasoning off and you may lose some seeds as well. Otherwise, a great eating experience.
The jumbo size is great, and makes for easier consuming.  Those of you Ranch heads like me, do yourself a favor and immediately upgrade.  This flavor is even better, easily the best David has to offer. Great price on Amazon, especially since these flavor seeds are pretty hard to find in regular stores.
These are the best sunflower seeds ever the bigger size makes them easier to eat. load of flavor in every bag!
The seeds are fresh, the shells are hard and the seeds are JUMBO sized.  The taste is good, but the over-powering amount of salt ruins the experience.  The 'ranch' flavor would be much tastier if the salt used were lessened.  Then again, without the overwhelming amount of salt, David might have to use a bit more of the flavor for which you are actually paying.  By the way, I don't often find items too salty, but this borders on the ridiculous, IMO.  I wholeheartedly endorse the Jumbo size seeds, as they are MUCH more enjoyable than the puny 'regular' sized sunflower seeds by David.<br /><br />I will be buying another brand of sunflower seeds in the future, hoping that it will not have the amount of salt the David's have.<br /><br />Update: I finished all but a little of the case of David buffalo ranch flavored seeds and bought a case of the Jumbo brand ranch flavored sunflower seeds.  I compared them back-to-back.  The Jumbo brand is far less salty and flavorful compared to David's.  It will be interesting how I will find the Jumbo brand to be after eating them for awhile.  Right now, they seem a bit 'under-flavored'.  Still, that is preferable to David's overuse of salt.
The Maxwell House International Coffee - Vanilla Nut Cafe - is absolutely my favorite flavor!  Seems to be extremely difficult to locate now, though.  Last purchase was made through Amazon and hoping it will become available again soon!
I couldn't really taste the bergamot in this tea.  It had more of a slight orange peel taste.  Since it is organic, I expected a cleaner, richer taste. It's OK, but not as good as the regular Twinings Earl Grey.  I have had other brands of organic that were superior to either of the Twinings, but at a much higher price.
My two cats used to love this formula, but I guess they got tired of it, or maybe the formula was changed ... I only feed it occasionally now.
Excellent Energy drink, I drink one-a-day before I go for my daily walk, gives me a nice boost!  I like the taste, may take a few too get used to it!  No jitters just a boost!
I started using Celsius over two year ago. Gives just the right boost I needed to exercise in the mornings. No crash or after affects. Has a great taste, nothing strong or overwhelming.
The description of the item is "small pieces, diced."  I would call them chopped. They're basically what you'd find on a banana split or a sundae or perhaps decorating a chocolate cake or cupcake.  I like the toasted flavor and put them on oatmeal.  They do not come in a sealed package as shown in the photo.  Mine came in a folded over plastic bag inside a cardboard box.
My cat LOVES Fancy Feast cat food; and this variety pack in particular makes mealtime a veritable newsworthy event! He always eats it down and he loves it; I can tell.<br /><br />You get eight cans of Ocean Whitefish & Tuna Feast; eight more cans of Savory Salmon Feast with Cod and eight more cans still of Sole & Shrimp Feast. Very good!<br /><br />The food does have some nutritional content; I always look for that when I buy food for the cat. There's some vitamin E, A, D3, B12, and B1. I like that. Naturally, ask your vet if you have any concerns about your cat's personal individual needs for nutritional content in their daily diet.<br /><br />If you catch a sale on this, stock up! However, I would use these cans of food within six months of buying them.<br /><br />Overall, this is one of the better brands of cat food out there; and I recommend it. Your cat will love it and it has nutritional content which is great for them, too.
These Fancy Feast Variety Packs, which contain twenty-four cans, always ensure that you have a good supply of cat food on hand. I also do not have to waste my time stacking individual cans.  I always have a box of this one, the Gourmet Variety Pack, which is fish and seafood based, on hand. It contains eight cans each of ground ocean whitefish and tuna, salmon and cod, as well as sole and shrimp.<br /><br />I also always have on hand the Fancy Feast Sliced Variety Pack, which contains eight cans each of beef, chicken hearts and livers, and turkey. In addition, I also have a box of the Fancy Feast Grilled Variety Pack on hand, at all times, which contains eight cans each of grilled beef, turkey, and chicken, each in their own savory sauce. My cat, Mamushka,  loves them all.
I was drawn to this product because it's called a "feast", but I was somewhat put off by it being a "Fancy Feast". My cat certainly deserves a feast! I mean, he runs himself ragged from morning till night going after mice and by the end of the day he's bushed. And frustrated too, since I had him declawed and all. But he don't need anything fancy, that's for sure. I just want him to enjoy a cat feast and leave it at that. He's not one of them cat's that prances around with his bushy tail waving around like some lady feline. I know my Tubby Toughie would be in cat heaven if they changed the name to "Fighter Feast" or "Beastly Feast". So, I'm giving this product 3 stars: five stars because it's a pretty great feast, minus three stars because the name offends Tubby Toughie, and plus one star because I like to lick the can.
Great oysters, fast shipping. Can't find them local so I took a chance and they were GREAT! They were frozen when I got them and package was well packed.
I was just a little wary ordering this because of the other reviews that said it was super salty and way too tough. But I gave it a shot anyway. I don't know if it was because I ordered a different flavor(Teriyaki) or if I just got lucky. Nonetheless, I think these jerky strips are some of the best I've ever had. I will admit to the fact that they are just a little salty, but nothing an ice cold cola or beer of your choice won't fix. As per being tough, I munched down five or six right out of the container as soon as I opened it. I just couldn't stop myself, they were that good. For all that chewing my jaw is none the worse for the wear. So for those of you out there that are real jerky fans, this is definitely worth trying.<br /><br />**Update** I did a little research because I was curious as to why everyone thought this jerky was too salty. I looked up the nutrition facts on all 4 flavors. Both the Original & Peppered contain 650mg of sodium, the Wood Smoked had 570mg, and the Teriyaki has only 440mg of sodium. So if you thought the others were too salty, or are worried about this jerky being too salty, try the teriyaki. I highly recommend it. It's not too salty, just a hint of sweet from the teriyaki, but still nice pepper flavor as well.
With Jack Links buying King B, it looks like they have repackaged the original beef jerky strips in this label with the same great results. I hope they keep up with the demand as everyone else finds them as I did.  Thanks for bring them back Jack Links!
I dont review often, but this stuff is just what I was looking for.  I ordered about $150 of jerky to try all the types I havent yet tried, and I popped this can first.<br /><br />I already found what i want!  The taste is excellent...i'ma  fan of hickory smoked stuff as it is.The texture is good...not too tough, and definately not too tender.<br /><br />What else do you need? Good taste, good texture.  Wish it was a bit cheaper at $25/lb....but what can ya do
These beef jerky strips are really good.  Texture is just right.  Flavor is peppery, but also just right.  Could be more smoky for me.  This is a repeat buy on my part.
Just like old style jerky.  Whole strips of meat, not compressed chips. Yum Yum. Peppery.
This stuff is the real deal! Not too soft, not too hard, not too salty, no fat, and a great smokey flavor with just a touch of spice that makes your tongue tingle. For a commercially produced product, this is really a satisfying strip of jerky. I was pleasantly surprised and will definately purchase again...
Walked into a convenience store and bought this for .99 and was like, nice.  Asked the counter person if I could buy it at their rate and got the brush off.  Did a little research and voila!  Amazon comes through again.  Bought two jars, and the wife and kids cleaned me out.  I will be getting this sent to me monthly soon.
As processed, mass produced jerkies go, this is one of the best I've had. It compares with King-B. I don't care for all of the poisonous preservatives and processing, but that comes with eating anything these days unless you go and find a hunter you can buy from direct.<br />Fresh game jerky would be the next logical step if you can find it.
we had been looking for King B brand jerky for months before contacting Jack Links to find out what happened.  They informed us that their Smokehouse brand was indeed new branding for the King B products.  With speculation on them keeping the same recipe, we orderd a jar and were not disappointed!!  The product was exactly what we had remembered the original King B to be. I will definetly be ordering this again!!
This jerky reminds me a little of the artisan jerky I used to be able to find in California. The strips are thin, so they're easy to bite and the flavor is slightly spicy and definitely smokey.<br /><br />My husband absolutely loved it..he's been taking 2-3 pieces per day in his lunch and they never come back home with him the way other snacks sometimes do! I'm buying more while they're on sale!
let me tell you that this beef jerky has me wanting more. I have never tasted a jerky with more flavor and taste I recommend it to anyone wanting a little more out of their jerky.. A++++++++++++
Over the past two years, thanks to Amazon, I have been sampling jerky from literally all over the U.S. I finally found a tasty, jerky that doesn't give my jawbone a workout. Great meat flavor, an excellent snack.
I miss the King B ripple style and the regular jerky too.  Thanks Jack Links for at least offering this.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001AWBL82">Jack Link's Smokehouse Beef Jerky Strips, Wood Smoke, 30-Count Jar</a> These are the real deal when it comes to jerky. The whole family loves them. When the grandkids come over they wipe me out. The 2 year old looks for the container sitting on the microwave and says Paw Paw, Stick. These come once a month via the Amazon Subscribe and Save. Just another great quality Jack Link's product. One of the few companies that got big, but never sacrificed quality in the process!
You will love this jerky if you are a beer drinker. Recommend this product for sure for them nights around the campfires!
These are great tasting and have good consistency and meatiness.  Easy to eat on the run (no mess).
This jerky is the bomb!!! It is by fare the best i have ever had and I have had a lot of jerky in my day.
The product is a good value for the amount you get, however it is way too salty.  The product is very dry and firm.  I think this would be good if they cut the salt content in half.
I'm really disappointed with the changes in quality -- it's not even the same product that we used to love.  A couple of years ago, the product was consistently fantastic, but now the taste, quality of the meat, and freshness are hit or miss...and recently it's all been a miss.
Great flavor, and texture.  It may not be the best jerky out there, but for the price, I couldn't find any better.  It comes in a few different flavors, so there's bound to be one you like.  I just wish the shelf life was longer, I'd love to keep this with the emergency food/water.
I purchased the Wood Smoked flavor.  The reviewers who said that these are too salty were right.  They tastes like sticks of salts.  If you nibble on them very slowly, then they tastes ok as the salts disolve slowly.  If you take a big bite, then it would be like biting into a chunk of salt.  I love the texture and the stringiness of this beef jerky but I would not buy it again because of the high sodium content.
This is for all the beef jerky lovers out there. If you like jerky this is the best tasting stuff that Ive found anywhere. All of the flavors are great. The black peppered in my opinion is the best and the wood smoked is a little dry but still good. I would recommend it to anybody.
I used to eat these King B beef jerky sticks all the time when I was younger, they were my favorite! I figured once King B was gone so was my beloved jerky, but luckily Jack Links has brought it back. This jerky is above and beyond any of that overly-sweet bagged jerky Jack links sells. No, instead this is the way jerky should be, nice and chewy and salty yum. I know some people on here complained about the saltiness but I don't think they're overly salty, they're just plain delicious. Order some, you won't regret it.
This beef jerky is extremely salty. I tried the wood smoked flavor, and I figured people were just being a bit picky. However, it really is overpowering and although it has a decent smoky flavor the salt is just way too much. The container says 570mg sodium or 24% of daily value for one serving. I would recommend trying a different product.
These are the best Jerky Strips I have ever tasted. Our family has been eating them for years and they are typically a Christmas delight.
The Smokehouse Jerky is some of the best out there, a perfect quick snack. It has s great smoke flavor and texture. I even started a subscription to get it once a month....save 15% by doing it.<br />The only con would be a little on the salty side. If you like jerky you can't go wrong with this.
There are literally hundreds of jerky type products out there.  This is simply my favorite.  Real strips of beef, not ground up hamberger, that tastes like meat instead of preservatives without teriyaki or any other flavoring or sauce.  Good price, good product and great taste.  You'll be happy with this one.  When I'm looking for a non sugary snack, I reach for this first.
A coworker brought this yummyness into the office and I am so greatful.  I am not big beef jerky fan but this stuff totally falls under my "much yum" category.
This jerky is extremely addictive!  I have had most every other brand of jerky and this is by far the best jerky I have ever had.  It was originally King B Jerky.
I love all different types of beef jerky, but not this one.  It has the flavor of grocery store bought beef jerky once you get over the overwhelming taste of salt. These sticks are cut thin making them tender and easy to chew, but they're just way too salty and definitely not worth $20
I read the reviews and thought, I like salt. I thought the saltiness was on the exterior of the jerky.  There is very little salt taste on the outside of the jerky but the saltiness comes out with every chew. The strips are about the size of a chopstick or a very thin pencil. 12 ounces for $20+ is way too expensive.  There is very little beef flavor but too be fair it is probably covered up by the salt.  These taste very similar to the chopped and formed cheap jerky at the convenience mart that you swear you will never buy again but much more salty. The amount of salt made my tongue numb, if you want good jerky keep looking. (Jack Link's Smokehouse Beef jerky strips, wood smoked 30-count jar)
The Jack Link's 30 Jerky Strips were verrrryyyy SKINNY! Some were only about 1/8 inch wide and counted as one strip. If I had known this, I would NOT have ordered the beef jerky strips - tasty, but totally not worth the money!!!!
too salty -- enough said. I order the wood smoked 30-count jar. Remember, the price is for only ONE JAR (not two).
Was hoping that the pieces would be a bit flatter in structure, but they shy away from sausage stick territory fine enough.  Flavor wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about.  I'm just glad they weren't that greasy.
I like almost everything about this jerky, the toughness and chewiness. But it is just too salty. If you nibble it, you may enjoy it but that is not how i eat. Also, it is not good for my health to eat something this salty. I have run into too many of salty beef jerky patches recently. This review is for the wood smoked, but if other flavors contains the same amount of salt per serving, they will be just as salty. Why everything is either too fatty, sweet or salty??? Are they trying to get us addicted?
I buy jerky all the time, always willing to try something new. I've even made my own at home. I agree with the review that called these salt sticks, they are way too salty for my taste. Also, being a jerky eater for 40+ years, I eat it because i like the toughness and chewiness of jerk. But the tube I got was nearly un-chewable. I have bit into some hard jerky in my time, but jeez louise, these were literally like chewing leather, many of the strips would not yield to my super powered bite.
this is a good name and a good value; the texture and size of the jerky is fine,<br />but be prepared for the salt. It ruined it for me.
Wow. The hickory smoked jerkey sticks were incredibly salty. I could not even eat half of the stick. I have had 3 different people try them and they had the same problem. They are so terrible it tastes like you are dumping salt into your mouth. Avoid these at all costs.
First time ordering this jerky from amazon, and I highly recommend to everyone DO NOT BUY IT! It is harder than a rock. I have bought it from other sellers not amazon, and it is much better. The experation date is not for another year, but you cannot even bite it or chew it. Horrible, I think its the worst jerky ive ever bought!
I don't eat beef jerky, and I wanted to buy some for a Christmas gift.  I read all of the reviews at Amazon.com and decided that Jack Links would be the best purchase.  It came nicely packaged, but there is liquid in the packaging - a lot of it.  If you turn the packaging upside down, the movement of the liquid is obvious.  So now I have to pay to return soupy beef jerky and buy a different type.<br /><br />Three days since my original review.  Amazon cannot accept returns of food items, so it kindly replaced the beef jerky.  The replacement also has liquid in it.  It's not fat, but a liquid as described above.  This time, I'm asking for a refund.
I buy Jack Links Peppered Jerky every month.  I tried these as this was the first time seeing them.  Don't waste your money.  They are so tough even the kids wouldnt eat them!!  They do not taste anything like the other "Peppered" jerkys.  Stick with the 1 oz or the 2 oz sticks they are moist and not so much grizzle.
This is the worst Jerky I have ever tasted.  It is not edible, I actually gave it to my dog and he spit it out...I kid you not.  Don't buy this product unless you are a bar owner and want your customers to guzzle beers to put out the salty fire that is created when you eat a small bite of this crap!!!  I deserve a refund for buying this dog food....oh excuse me I forgot even my dog won't eat it :-)
I did not realize when I decided to purchase these that they were boxed and because of that I found them stale and hard.  I had previously purchased these at a local store who packaged them in plastic and they were soft and fresh.  Sorry that I could not give these a better review.
This is the only food my cat will eat.  If I buy another variety or brand, it sits in her bowl until it gets stale & I throw it out.
This flavor of Fancy Feast is decidedly the favorite of our waif of a cat.  She is usually a very picky eater, but this trout flavor really gets her excited.<br /><br />The local store ran out of this flavor and may not restock it, so I ordered online.  We got a good price and the case of food arrived in good condition.<br /><br />I was a little confused by the old label image that was on the web site that is just different enough from the new label that I had to double check that I was getting the item that I was expecting.<br /><br />It turned out to be the correct item, so all was well.
I honestly cannot say that I saw any difference whatsoever in this variety compared to Friskies regular sliced beef version.  Actually, my cat preferred the regular Friskies over this one.  He's not really all that jazzed over these Fancy Feast varieties anyway, so if you're going to buy this one or the chicken, save your money and buy the regular Friskies versions.  They seem to taste better to the cat and it saves you money.  I've never had a cat that ever got too thrilled over this variety over the years so I guess I'll get the special ones instead.
I think 9 Lives does a better job on this variety than Friskies.  Or I should say my cat does.  Friskies doesn't look as fresh or as appetizing as 9 Lives, and my cat doesn't like it as well.  It just smells nasty and looks not quite as good as the 9 Lives.  I think they could definitely do better on this variety -maybe even add cheese to it!  My cat leaves this one in the dish but eats the 9 Lives version.
This version is ground.  NOt my current cat's favorite version, but he really likes the taste. I do wish they'd make this one not ground but in the pieces variety too.  My previous cat really liked this one and usually licked the bowl clean. But, neither wanted it more than once or twice a month.  Why, I don't know but it seems to be a little richer than the others.
According to my cat, this stuff is just great.  He just licks himself for hours after eating this one and just loves the taste.  He will lick the bowl clean on this one and eats it usually pretty quickly.  But, he still doesn't want it more than 2-3 times a month because it's fish - not exactly his favorite food.  It's a great diversion from his regular fare and one that he truly appreciates.
I haven't had a cat yet that liked this one.  It's just a little too interesting for them I think.  It smells nasty but I think it's just the taste that really gets them.  My current cat just won't touch it - he might eat a couple of bites if he's REALLY hungry, but I always wind up throwing it out.  This one is ground so if your cat likes pieces, don't try this one.
I'm so glad to shop at Amazon.com it have everything you need,I<br />love getting my season from "Marshalls Creek Spices" it fresh, and<br />taste, and good try it you will like it I'm so glad to know about<br />amazon.com I wouldn't know about "Marshalls Creek Spices"<br /><br />  Thank You<br />  Miss Andernette Anderson<br />  God Bless
I love lemon pepper--I was amazed with this one--large grain and fresh.  Very large jar that delighted me because I use this in nearly everything.  Good tight jar to keep it fresh.  Very inexpensive.  Good buy for home cooks.
This says 4 pack...so I assumed like other purchases that I made that it was 4 boxes each with 4 packs. Big mistake! You only get four little pouches. Who would pay over $2 for a little squirt of applesauce? Don't make the same mistake. Buy elsewhere.
This "squeezy fruit" as my daughter calls it, is great.  Convenient, yummy, no added sugar...I love it.  I just don't understand why it is so expensive??  I find it at the grocery store for $2 for a four pack.  Don't pay this price, that's crazy!
This is my cat's favorite one.  He just licks that bowl clean whenever he gets it.  I usually buy a case of this one at a time and judging from how often it sells out, other cats must love it too.  The cheese hunks are large and look quite tasty.  It's just a very nice variety and something I'm sure every cat loves.  My previous cat about ran me down whenever I got it out to give to him and my current cat is no different.  Give this one a try - you'll be glad you did!
My cat is so picky! I've tried every brand and flavor and this is my cat's favorite.
Once or twice a year for a little variety and that's about enough for my cat of this particular variety.  He likes it for a change from his chicken, turkey and beef, but not very often.  He will eat about 3/4 of the can and then he's had enough. He's not a huge fish fan anyway, but this stuff looks to be about the best out there in the fish varieties.  The chunks are bit sized so if your cat has a small mouth like mine does, it will be easier to chew.  Don't know why my cat doesn't like this type of fish, but he really could care less about it.
At 60 years old I have had the care of cats my entire life.  Presently have four cats, three of which were "barn cats" and one came out of the woods and adopted us.  These cats love and gobble up Friskies Pate varieties "Mariner's Catch", "Sea Captain's Choice" and "Ocean Whitefish with Tuna".  I also serve as a "foster parent" for the local pet shelter and find that these 3 varieties of food are the best tolerated and completely consumed of all varieties.  The "Salmon" pate is very rich and I use it only as a special treat.  Incidentally, my cats always reach great age on Friskies.  Our cat "Kitten" died at 23 years old. She jumped off of a high bed and severely injured her spine and at the time it happened the Vet asked what food we used all of those years.  It has always been Friskies...dry and wet pet foods.  I find it is the best value and maintains our pet's good health right to the end.  The youngest cat that has died in our care was 18 years old and I have have had 28 cats as permanent pets, and countless foster pets over the years.
Of course, nobody can ever figure out what cats will like, but our experience is the opposite of the one-star review.<br /><br />Our two Bengal cats ate kibble for years, but after some serious teeth problems, they had to switch to canned food. We tried a few different brands and flavors. They'd eat it for a few days, then turn up their noses. Even expensive food from the vet's did not please them.<br /><br />So, we tried the Friskies Sea Captains Choice flavor, and they went nuts, gobbling it down like candy. We only bought a few cans at a time, figuring they would tire of it, but no, they have been eating it with gusto for a coupe of months now, so we buy it by the case.<br /><br />I don't understand about it not smelling good; perhaps they got a bad batch, but it smells like other cat foods to us, and the pate is easy to dish out. As long as the cats love it, who are we to complain?
I honestly have to say that I just won't buy this variety. It looks bad, smells bad and I'm sure tastes bad because my cat won't touch it.  No way, no how, won't even look at it.  My other cat was the same way with this one.  It just looks like a huge ground up mess of leftovers they had at a fish market.  I'm sure some cats must like it because it's still being made, but there's other things out there much, much better than this one.
Instead of a black graduation cap, a top hat was sent instead.  Not great for a graduation gift!  Also, I think any buyer should be aware that by "Godiva 4 Pack", they mean "4 pieces of candy"!  Very confusing description especially when you consider that the picture shows at least 5 pieces of candy! Definitely not worth the price!!
These little taffy's are expensive. I think I paid around $11 for the pound. They taste good, but man do they give me gas. After eating about 3 my stomach would be rumbling for a few hours and I would have to pass gas a lot. My girlfriend wouldn't let me eat them before bed hahaha. There was never any pain involved, just gas. I know it was these doing it because we tested it over a few different days. I wouldn't eat the taffy some days and would be fine. All it took was a few pieces and an hour late the bubble guts would start.<br /><br />This information may be useful since its not on amazon. Sugar free does not = carb free. A 1 pound bag is 453g.<br /><br />From the manufacturer website:<br />ingredients: hydrogenated starch hydrolysate, partially hydrogenated soybean and/or coconut oil, acid combinations for flavor (citric acid and/or tartaric acid), egg albumin, salt, lecithin, sucralose, natural and artificial flavors, combinations of red 40, blue 1, blue 2, yellow 5, yellow6.<br /><br />Nutrition Facts<br />Serving Size (40g)<br /><br />Amount Per Serving<br />Calories  110  Cal from fat 20<br />  % Daily Value<br />Total Fat 2.5g  4%<br />Saturated Fat 0g  0%<br />Trans Fat 0g<br />Cholesterol 0mg  0%<br />Sodium  25mg  1%<br />Total Carbohydrate 28g  9%<br />Sugar 0g<br />Protein 0g
I would have given this 5 stars but took one off for the high cost. This product otherwise is just yummy! This is spoken from the perspective of a diabetic who hasn't had regular taffy for years but I think this would hold its own next to regular taffy pretty easily.<br />Its sweetened with sucralose, not maltitol so there isn't the worry of gastric upset which is the #1 reason I ordered it. I don't see why more companies don't forgo the maltitol and just use other sweetners that have less of an impact on digestion. The flavors are full and all different depending on color and yes even the dreaded bannana flavor tastes good.<br />Its soft and chewy and I feel like I am "cheating" when I am not at all.<br />I am glad I found this!
I bought this along with the easy freeze ice cube trays for my two dogs. My vet put my lab on a diet so I have been looking for low calories treats to feed him for his evening snack. Each packet is only 30 calories and will fill one easy freeze ice cube tray (six large ice cubes for the extra large size). One packet will also fill my labs kongxl and my terriers Kong medium. They love it and make sure they lick their Kong's clean without getting bored with it. Overall a great snack!
Just right for making dan dan noodles and other delicious recipes.  Glad to have this in my pantry.  Flavorful vinegar will be useful for various dishes.  Product delivery was great - just as expected.
milder than most vinegars, but with its own very special taste to add to Ume Plum vinegar, and cider vinegar for that hmmmmm layer of flavor!
This is terrific honey.  What more can one say about it?  There was a great price when I got it, too -- much better than at the local supermarkets.
This food variety is ground, thus my cat doesn't care that much for this variety. But, he liked the taste of it a lot so I have been buying it off and on throughout the years.  My previous cat really liked it so I've purchased quite a few of these.  It's got that liver smell to it but they like it so who cares? If your cat likes ground, give this one a try for sure.
This is my cat's third favorite food.  It's great stuff - the gravy is so very thick and the food looks like bits of steak slicked off for your friend.  My cat licks the bowl clean every time and wants more.  They should send me discounts for as much of this stuff I buy.  I buy it by the case if that gives you some idea!
This is another favorite in our house.  My cat doesn't want it more than 4 times a month or so, but he still wants it and licks the bowl clean.  It is fish, not his favorite, but he really likes his salmon and this one is outstanding.  It's ground (why don't they make a sliced or bits version?), not his favorite either, but he does get it down pretty quickly.  Try this one - it's a definite winner.
This one is a great basic food. Whatever is in it, cats really go for and mine is no exception.  My current cat really doesn't like the ground variety which is what this is.  He will eat it occasionally, so I only buy it about twice a year.  My previous cat had to have it more often and really enjoyed it.  It's hard to judge what a cat will eat so if your cat likes ground, give this one a go because it really seems to be a big favorite.
Taste: Amazing. The honey flavor goes well with the smoked barbeque taste. It's soft, but not too soft. It also has a nice tang and spice to it, but nothing too extreme.<br />Smell: As soon as I opened it, everyone in my section ran up to see what the smell was. I'd describe it as alluring and inviting. Not overpowering or off-putting.<br />Price: For a pound of this quality of jerky, I'd expect it would cost more. Needless to say, you get more bang for your buck.<br /><br />In short, if you want a good jerky to snack on, you can't go wrong with this selection. Do your tastebuds a favor and get this jerky.
Delicious, pretty good stuff. Its sweet and not like chewing on leather like some products I've tried. Deffinately worth the money and for people who dont like crazy hot jerky but still like a little bite, this is for you
This jerky is flavorful and tender..can't ask for much more.  The only problem I have with it, is that it doesn't last long enough around my house ;)
I bought this product because it looked good not knowing if it would taste as good as it looked. Well it finally showed up by USPS well packaged. It's soft smells great and tastes even better. You won't be disappointed. I've already eaten five strips.
This is the absolute and complete BEST beef jerky that I have ever had. You'll be hard pressed to find better, if you can. It's tender and has a good bite but at the same time you won't rip your teeth out either. It's also not too salty.
I've been trying different beef jerkeys and by far I find this product to be the best tasting. nice meaty chunks and very flavorful.
SO GOOD SO PERFECT SO TENDER SO MEATY SO TASTY SO DELICIOUS YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO EAT JUST ONE, BELIEVE ME I HAVE TRIED. ALL CAPS IS RUDE.
I am always on the  lookout for good old fashioned candy. Funny I do not even have a sweet tooth. However I really appreciate a quality candy. I picked up one these purely for the fantastic packing they come in. After just one taste it was obvious that the company has put love and care into producing these candies.  If you are looking for unique smooth and delicious old fashion candy look no further. Highly recommended.
If you like a lot of flavor in each bite, this is it.  A little messy to handle but worth the fuss!!!
I absolutely loved Newman's Own pretzels with the pepper baked right into the pretzel for just a little bite. These are not as tasty and yes, they are messy and overly seasoned.  Not really a fan of this line of flavored broken pretzel pieces, although this was a little better than some of their other flavors.<br /><br />Someone out there needs to try making the baked-in black pepper version again, please. Not sure why Newman's Own stopped.
it's difficult to describe herbal type pills. with no quick results it takes blind faith really. i reckon these are ok? i got what i ordered quickly
This tea is full of flavor without bitterness.  No additions needed.  You will not be disappointed.  Do not try this Earl Grey if you do not like bergamot.
I ordered this for my daughter, who does not like coffee. She says it is the best tasting tea, and it brews perfectly with the Keurig. Also like the large quantity box.
Many people are buying this food believing it is safer because it is made in New Zealand. It is now made in the US by Performance Pet Products. I have been feeding this food to my cats since the recall horror of 2007 and prior to the change it was excellent food and I was thrilled with it. Since ZiwiPeak has been switched to canning in the US it has been a nightmare. Several times in the last year I have opened the food to find it is a green or blue colour. I had to return those cans because it made both my cats vomit and have loose stools. Also recently I have found large sharp bone pieces are present and very large strange chunks of greyish pink material that looks like connective tissue. I've contacted the US distributor twice but they have never replied. A batch I got this month with an expiry date of 2014 has caused severe vomiting and shedding with both cats who were previously healthy.
This is the best cat food- I introduced it to my 16yr old cat slowly and she is much healthier, has a shiner coat and sheds less. Each time I purchase, I switch up the flavors, cats love variety.<br />Great product!
My two Siberian cats refused almost a dozen canned foods, but THIS, they could not get enough of!  Thank you!  A superb supplement to their dry food diet.
Just like anything else from New Zealand this food is amazing. My cat can't wait for it, and plate is always clean. She loves it and I feel great buying Ziwipeak. They even put green muscles in this food. Overall food looks solid, packed with proteins and kiwi love.
We all know how picky cats can be.  It may be grain free, but food still smells, looks like, and fine details in label indicate "highly processed" with all the extra vitamins & minerals, which I think is the "turnoff" for the kitties. Doesn't say up front, but also contains New Zealand Green Mussell, which I am not sure how that ingredient fits in as I am not from New Zealand, but suspect locals rely on that for nutrients as we do mussells in this country.  They are spoiled on the real thing - minimally processed or raw rabbit, chicken, bird, wild caught salmon.  They will eat canned only if minimally processed.  Another cat food bites the dust but gives the dogs another treat! 1 STAR for not knowing about the New Zealand Mussell & for still being highly processed & therefore unpalatable as food for cats that love rabbit. 5 Star for a dog treat without the added hormones, grains, etc.
My cats absolutely would not eat this food so it was a waste of money..it is just sitting in our cabinets.  I will donate it to a shelter...
I've eaten Claxton Farms fruit cakes for over 40 years and love them.  I thought I'd be smart and order 5 one pound cakes at once as I know I'd use them.  This time the quality control went out of town.  Lousy.  Absolutely disappointing.  Of the 5 loaves, one was good,  Two were so dry they crumbled rather than be cut and I ended up adding them to cake batter in cupcakes or put on ice cream as topping,  totally unable to slice.<br /><br />the last two loaves just the opposite, they were runny.  When taken out of the wrapper they just flopped over, again, had to use as ice cream topping or put into cake batter for cupcakes.<br /><br />Claxton Farm might have sold out or fired the Quality Controller.  Awful quality after all these years.  Do NOT order from Claxton as you don't know what you'll get.  They lost a long time customer with me.
In Christmas, 2010 I first ordered Clayton Fruit Cakes. They where great! Nice big cherries and other fruits and nuts. These were overloaded with the good stuff that makes a Fruit cake really great. So I re-ordered in Christmas of 2011. What a disappointment! I ordered 5 one pound cakes. When my order arrived, I was so excited. Yes I like fruit cake. Only too be very disappointed. Not only where the cakes void of very much fruit, unless you want too count the raisons as fruit. I will not be ordering Clayton Fruit Cakes next year. I can get the same results from a Hostess Fruit cake, and only spend $3.50, instead of close to 30 dollars for the Clayton cakes.
I have a friend from England who adores fruitcake. For her birthday i sent her a package of fruitcake. She swooned, Fruitcake in June is so decadent. She loves Claxton fruitcake so this was a no brainer. Now I want some too!
Claxton Dark Fruitcake has been a holiday tradition in our family since the mid 1950's. I ordered it directly from the company this year and when I served it at Thanksgiving, my guests and I thought I must have been fooled by a counterfeit website just claiming to sell Claxton fruitcakes.  It was at best 40% fruits and nuts and consisted of a gummy light colored "cake".  I emailed the company and expressed my disappointment.  After several emails back and forth and after today talking to one of the owners, they assured me that it was the original dark recipe.<br /><br />In reading the ingredients, I noticed that corn syrup, sugar and high fructose corn syrup were listed after flour which was the 4th ingredient.  At the very end were listed molasses, spices and 3 artificial food dyes.  High fructose corn syrup wasn't widely available until the mid 1970's to mid 1980's, so I'm not sure how it was one of the original ingredients.<br /><br />All of the people I talked to seemed to have the attitude that I was so stupid that I couldn't possibly be observing what I had correctly. Although they offered to send replacements if I returned it at my own expense, they told me that what I would receive would be identical to what I have.  One of the owners informed me that they had received zero complaints this year.<br /><br />I am grieving the loss of an almost 55 year tradition, but the other 4 cakes are now in the trash.
This is simply the best chocolate I have ever tried. In general, 3kg packages are much better than 70g Valrhona's. If I had only tried 70g Valrhona Manjari, I would have never known how good it can be. Try the 70g to see which one you like and then buy 3kg package(it will be 3 times better). It has around one year of best before left when you buy it(which is enough, beleive me)...<br /><br />Great for cooking and sublime for eating.
This is amazing chocolate for most baking. Manjari in general is wonderful, fruity and deep in taste. But the feves in the 3 kg package melt super easily, the package is resealable and you can keep it in the fridge.
So, I moved from Europe to the US, I settled in my apartment etc, and after a week or so I decided that I wanted some candy. I went to the supermarket and started looking for some M&M's. Then this weird *red* bag caught my eye and I thought, hah!, this country is funny, they put an 's' instead of an 'm' on their M&M's here, and the bag is all different too.<br /><br />So I took one bag home to try it. I grabbed a handful of the presumed M&M's and ... what a surprise. This was obviously not what I had bargained for, and I considered ditching this wrong purchase, but instead I figured I'd give this weird stuff another chance at some other time.<br /><br />Do you realize that my mortal soul could _still_ have been saved, at that point ??<br /><br />It was only in the next few days that the addiction set in. I found myself longing for more of that flavor when the bag was through; I wouldn't have reckoned at first, that I would actually buy many more of these bags on purpose.<br /><br />Now my willpower has been eternally challenged. My stomach will never be like before. My jaw is numb from the endless compulsive chewing. And I can just feel my teeth desintegrating right when I take another dose. Why do I forever ache for that soothing acidic taste ? They're so delicious they ought to be outlawed !
Never gave much thought to this treat until Marshawn Lynch came to town...Awesome have a big ole candy dispenser at work with a big Seahawks sticker on it...Now we have Matt Flynn beast-mode cajun style...
I've always, ALWAYS loved Skittles! They are sweet and chewy, and they will give you plenty of cavities if you're not careful! ^_^<br /><br />Enjoy them, and buy this 3.5 lb bag today!<br /><br />4.5 stars.
My title was my reaction when I first opened the box it came in.  I didn't really plan on eating the whole bag since they are mostly gonna be used as reinforcement to get my kids potty trained.  My two year old girl doesn't really care so much but they work wonders for my four year old with autism.  I give her one after she potties and washes her hands and she couldn't be happier.  I do find myself reaching in and getting handfuls at times but I try not to go overboard.  If you love Skittles than this bag will probably be good for you but if you are just a casual candy eater than maybe not.
The package arrived 3 days earlier then it said it would and they were very fresh. They were also cheaper then the candy. Some of the candy had melted together but it was only maybe 3 pieces per bag. Overall really good.
I have an interesting relationship with Skittles.  When I was about 10 years old, I absolutely thought they were average at best and couldn't understand what everyone loved so much about them.  "Too sour, not tasty enough" was my impression.  Later however, I entered my teenage years and it actually took until I nearly graduated from high school that the taste caught on with my tastebuds and became super delicious to me.  What also got me hooked is this kid I remember from 10th grade science class who would ALWAYS bring in a bag of Skittles *every single day* and chew on them, and all the girls liked him because of his good looks and smooth personality, so Skittles sort of gave me the impression that COOL kids eat Skittles.  However, please buy bags of Skittles from your local grocery store- it's not worth it here on amazon with the high dollar price.  You can find plenty of places in your area selling them for cheaper prices.  My only complaint with Skittles is that, despite the color, they *all* taste exactly the same to me!  Purple, green, red, orange, yellow... I really can't taste a difference between these supposed "different flavors".  Then again, I don't have a favorite color in a rainbow so maybe this makes perfect sense!
I just love skittles! For a while we had them here in Brazil (South America), but then for some reason I couldn't find them anymore, so when my aunt is coming down for a visit I ask her to bring me some. This time I decided to spare her the shopping trouble and I bought it through Amazon and had it sent to her place. The bag was a bit larger than I expected, but I guess this was a good thing, right?
Aweful! They arrived immediately and still were as hard as cement! The bags' supposed re-sealable zipper,didn't re-seal once and maybe the large amount had something to do with it but again, I cannot believe how stale and terrible the candy inside was!
So this bag of skittles is really worth it. Comes with a load of skittles filled too the top of the bag. Skittles is my favorite candy now I order the 3.5lb all the time. Its enough to share and still have a lot left over
There isn't much to say other than the delivery was great and the candy was fresh and chewy. Eating alone the bag lasted me 2 months. Great for the price and I'd order again!!!
I ordered these because I couldnt seem to find this size at the store. There were a couple skittle shells at the bottom of the bag from the shipping of the product, but everything else was fine.
Skittles are a great candy but for this product i would say do not buy it here, I have seen this same bag for $5.89 on sale and not on sale for $7.99 at some big chain stores. the candies themselves are fine and if you are thinking of getting a big bag you know what they taste like just don't overspend to get a big bag (price wise might be cheaper to buy a bunch of little bags)
The add on program makes this a great deal for a natural, very tasty sugar.<br /><br />You can add to any order over $25 or buy 8 (like I did) and have all 16# delivered free. Either way an outstanding value!<br /><br />There are lots of good reasons to eat natural sugar. I use in my coffee and making bread. Use 1 to 1 instead of "white" sugar for your needs. You may find that yeasts will proof faster and more bubbly with this type of organic sugar.<br /><br />The zip-loc bag does not seal all that well. So I store in a quart mason jar in the dark cupboard. Each bag is sightly more than one quart. The balance is added to the sugar bowl.<br /><br />Give this sugar a try. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
... get this type of sugar any other way than through ordering it because the shipping is INSANE!  The sugar is fine but for the price of the shipping, it was not worth it.
I buy syrups to make soda with plain seltzer water, and this one is by far the absolute most delicious one I have found. This particular flavor is incredibly true to a real red grapefruit flavor, yet sweet and powerful. What's great is that the flavor works whether I want just a little or a lot, depending on how sweet I want my soda to be on any given day. It's comparable to Squirt / Fresca, but honestly I think the actual flavor is much richer and more satisfying. If you like the taste of grapefruit even a little bit, you won't be disappointed.
I love goat cheeses and buy them on a regular basis.  A lot of people seem unaware that there are many other types of goat cheese on the market other than the ultra fresh Chevre.  I have purchased this selection by iGourmet for both myself and for others as gifts.  The reactions from my friends have been mixed.  They all enjoy the harder chesses, such as the Goat Cheddar and the Ibores.  However, some people don't like fresh, soft goat chesses and one of the reasons that I send them this selection is so that they can try a variety of different chesses.  However, in the selection that I was sent it contained two versions of Chevre-type cheeses including the delicious Buche de Chevre.  Still, I wished they had more of the harder to find goat milk versions of cheeses traditionally made from cow's milk such as the goat's milk Cheddar and Gouda.<br /><br />As for as price goes, this is a surprisingly good value.  You are getting two pounds of very expensive chesses for a little more than I have paid for one pound of some of the varieties here.  One of my friends did receive a substitution for one of the chesses.  Instead of the cheddar they received the Cypress Grove's Midnight Moon.  I can certainly understand why substitutions would be necessary and I felt that they replaced the listed cheese with an even better variety.  Overall I am very pleased with both the price and the quality of the cheeses, I just wish that they had less fresh and more unique forms of this wonderful type of chesse.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1423603680">Goat Cheese</a>
Ordered this goat cheese and it is just fantastic! I can't digest cow milk so finding these goat cheeses was a great treat! I would order them again they are that delicious! Looks spectacular on a cheese platter with fruit and selected crackers.
Mine came with a wine soaked variety thats purple - i haven't tried yet , the cheddar is delicious and melts smoothly ...Marigold (actually has marigold bits in it) - very nutty, earthy soooo tasty my favorite so far and the bouche de chevre -mmm runny creamy delicious! I have never been disappointed by any of the igourmet cheese selections even if its different than pictured this is no different!
This soup is like a combination of vegetable, lentil and Spanish rice soups.  It has a slightly gelid texture, though I never add as much water as I should.  4.5 stars to be exact.
Tried this in a turkey burger and it was sooo good. I definitely recommend faery free. Salt can be added or better yet add a sprinkle of Goya Adobo.
It wouldn't be very smart to replace real veggies with these veggies straws but if you want a healthier salty snack I personally can't think of a better one on the market.  The portion size for 130 calories is absolutely gluttonous.  One portion is equal to 38 straws.  That is quite a bit of snacking for 130 calories.  These are crispy and taste great.  There is no trans fat, no preservatives, and kosher certified.  The single serving does have 7 grams of total fat and 11 carbs.  Eating these all the time might not be great for your diet but when you want something this is fantastic option.  I have lost 92lbs in the last year and half by following a sensible diet and I am happy to say this brand of Veggie Straws has helped me along the way.
Someone grabbing a bag of Veggie Straws may mistakenly believe Veggie Straws are made primarily of vegetables other than potatoes.  In fact, a quick read of the back of the bag reveals they are made primarily of potatoes and flavored with tomato and spinach.  This explains why they taste so much like potato chips.  The texture is light and crisp, and while it's been many years since I've had pork rinds, that's what I think of when I bite into these straws.<br /><br />Sensible Portions is the name of the company.  A 20 ounce bag contains 20 servings, which is about 38 straws.  Each serving has 7 grams of fat.  Compare that to <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0071BYOK8">Frito Lay Baked! Ruffles Original Potato Crisps</a>, which contains only 3 grams of fat per 1 ounce serving.<br /><br />If you can overlook the fat content, Veggie Straws are actually quite tasty, and they do have that psychological edge with that name.  I feel like I'm eating healthier, even when I'm not.
My kitties love these. Other Goodlife treats are good. Kitties adore these. Beg and plead for them. I think they must be addictive for cats.
I bought this thing after a recommendation from a pet store rep. My dog hardly touched the stuff, and then I looked at the ingredients: one of the first things on it was corn-a grain known to cause allergies in dogs. As a matter of fact, corn might be the most allergy-prone food amongst dogs. Not to mention, thanks to our friends at Monsanto, it is almost always Genetically modified (GMO) or a franken-food, unless it's organic. Real "premium" dog foods brag that they've no corn.<br /><br />Right at the top of the list of ingredients is chicken-by-products, another no-no among real "premium" dog foods. This means all the waste that it is usually thrown out from the chicken since it's not real meat. Cheap dog foods put this in their food simply because it's cheap, but it's not real meat. A little further down you will notice BHA, an artificial preservative, which again real "premium" dog foods do not have.<br /><br />In short, BilJac is a joke. It is basically, insanely overpriced Alpo, with no organic ingredients whatsoever, and uses all the shortcuts, filler, and chemistry that the cheapest dog foods on the market use. Don't be fooled by the old-fashioned appeal of the company's 60 years in business. There is nothing but modern chemistry in the bag, and all the folksy appeal will not make up for cheap, lousy ingredients. Calling this stuff premium dog food would be like calling a Kia a Mercedes. For nearly the same price as this overpriced Alpo, one could buy organic dog food, free of preservatives, corn, and cheap by-products!
My dog is 12 years old, and his breed (powderpuff chinese crested) is very subject to gum disease and tooth loss. After the last visit to the vet, with surgery that cost 13 of his teeth, I have struggled to find him a food that he could eat, that he liked, and would maintain his weight, his energy level (very playful pooch!), AND be good for him. He doesn't like soft food, so it's been a real task.<br /><br />This food does it. It's not brittle or "dusty". It is shaped like pellets (almost like rabbit food) and breaks really easy. It's tasty, cause he scarfs it right up, and he also has managed to get some weight on him. He looks better than ever before. I can at last rest easy knowing he is getting a decent nutritious food.
I have a fourteen-year-old chihuahua who is missing half his teeth. He has always been a dry dog food grazer who enjoyed picking out a piece or two of kibble and taking his time playing with it a while before he ate it. But he got where he couldn't chew the dry kibble, and for many reasons the canned wet dog food was not working out. This Bil-Jac Senior proved to be the answer. He is able to have the comfort of food in his bowl all day like he's used to, and he can actually eat it when he's hungry. I am grateful for this product because we are both old dogs who are pretty set in our ways.
Both of our dogs are fed Bil-Jac. My older dog, Dixie, loves this Senior version. It's nutritionally dense, with meat as it's primary ingredient and without empty fillers and fats. Dixie's weight is easier to maintain with this formula, and she has the most marvelous shiny coat too.
I have to add that I've not baked with this yet. But when I received this I was aghast at the ingredients. Perhaps I didn't read it well because the ingredient list is right there... I guess I simply expected alcohol & vanilla beans, maybe sugar, in an "ol' timey" product.<br /><br />I'll update this once I use it.
I've had the other Nana's No Gluten Cookie Bars in Berry Vanilla, and they aren't that good. But, the Chocolate Munch flavor is good. They are more moist, have a good flavor and a little crunch. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is that the texture is a little bit crumbly. I will be buying these again.
I agree with everything that the previous reviewer wrote in their review.  I gave the cookies a rating of 5 stars though because i havent eaten a cookie in about 4 years without getting sick.  This is because I have severe allergies to wheat and soy.  Pretty much every cookie you will find in a normal grocery store will have one if not both of these ingrediants.  So when I found Nana's cookies I was as happy as can be.  Yes the texture is different than a wheat cookie but it's better than going without cookies.  It also doesnt hurt that these cookies are delicious.  If you are like me and have a very limited diet these cookies are  a very welcome addition to that diet.
I am celiac and have been keeping a strictly gluten-free diet for over six years, and was excited to learn about this product.  After eating it, [the taste and texture was not bad] I became sick in the way that I always do when ingesting gluten. Nana's also makes non-gluten products, and clearly are not careful about cross-contamination.  If you are concerned about ingesting gluten or keeping a strictly celiac diet, I strongly recommend you avoid this product.  I also think that the company should not deceive their customers, many who suffer from celiac disease, and should more clearly label their product as it is a danger to the health of many who would be inclined to buy this product.
I actually tasted the Berry/Vanilla flavor.  If you've ever eaten a fig newton, then try to imagine a fig newton, minus the fig center, with rice crispies mixed up in it.  It tastes a little grainy at first, but once I read the ingredients and realized that the grains were puffed rice, I was more at ease.  Really a good taste.  One of the better gluten free/casien free/egg free cookies I've eaten.
The flavor is decent (berry vanilla), but I just can't handle the texture.  It's like a mouthful of sawdust that just disintegrates when you bite into it.  I've been gluten free for about 6 years, and there are much better products out there.  My kids won't even eat these!
Like other reviewers, I rarely eat cookies because I have an anaphylactic response to wheat/gluten. Therefore I generally 'love' any cookies I'm not allergic to. These are an exception. The taste is mild and fleeting. The texture is like sand and leaves a dry feeling in your mouth. The only purpose these cookies are good for is dieting, because they are simply inedible. Blah.
I have to disagree with the other review here! I love the little bits of crunch in these otherwise really soft cookies. I love the banana taste, and I love these cookies! It's so nice to have a a gluten free cookie option that doesn't suck! I totally recommend these!
My daughter who is type 1 diabetic and has Celiac loves these cookies. Have had a hard time finding them in the local health food stores so was so happy to discover them on Amazon so bought 2 cases of them so now there is enough for the whole family.
These are sort of like brownies.  A little soft, a little dry.  My 7 year old really likes them.  They're good if you are on a restricted diet, but otherwise nothing too special.
I have a 3-year-old and a 9-year-old that love these! The best thing is that they are healthy. They are vegan, so no dairy, eggs or other animal products. They are also fruit juice sweetened and made with whole grains. Absolutely nothing artifical. They have little chocolate chips in them and taste yummy! I'm so glad that Amazon carries them because they are much cheaper to buy by the case then at local health food stores or through the company website.
I love the other Nana's cookie bars and cookies, so I thought I'd give these a try even though they are "No Gluten" and made with rice flour instead of wheat flour. They look nice, but the texture is a bit strange (it's kind of like eating really fine sand) and they are too dry and crumble at the slightest touch. They don't taste bad, which is a plus, but I won't be buying these again.
I purchased these because they do not contain dairy, soy or corn.  Well, in addition to being dairy free, soy free.... they are FLAVOR FREE!  Absolutely horrible dry tasting bars.  First words out of my mouth were "tastes like dirt" so that's what I'm going with.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
These are so gross I can't believe I wasted my money on them. They gave me an immediate migraine from the overwhelming artificial-smelling fragrance. I am NOT that picky an eater and I generally love any GF cookie just b/c I am so grateful they exist. But OMG I immediately spit this out AND rinsed out my mouth! Even my snack-loving toddler didn't like these. Eating them, that is. She did have a great time massaging it into a fine powder which takes almost no effort at all. What a mess. And what a waste of money.
I crave these day and night. Best cookie/brownie bar I have ever tasted- not too headache-y sweet, but a rich cocoa flavor with a really great texture. They hit the spot. Wish they were at more grocery stores!
I have a 7 yr old w/food allergies and both he and my 3 yr old love these.  I have compared to several other cookie/snack items made with no dairy & eggs and I think we all liked these the best.  Definitely a must have for restricted diets.
I love love love these cookie bars.  I can't have any sugar or any gluten and happened upon these at Whole Foods.  What a saving grace!  The big cookies are also excellent, but I would eat the whole big cookie at one time.  These little bars are perfect.
I have Celiac Disease, and I try to keep the refined sugar to a minimum, and I was suprised by how good these are! The light crunch is a shock at first, but is tasty. It is a tad dry, so I am only giving 4 stars. But the taste is great considering how healthy it is!!
My kids love these and I feel good about giving them to them. They're all natural and sweetened with fruit juice instead of sugar. We like to pop them in the microwave for about 10 seconds - then they taste like fresh out of the oven chocolate chip cookies. Yum.
My 3 year old son was just diagnosed with allergies to wheat, egg and milk.  I was so upset when I found out but a little relieved as I started finding foods he can eat.  Yes, they are crumbly but they taste good, my kids like them and they meet his new dietary restrictions.  Since the option is not giving a 3 year old cookies I don't mind some crumbs!
We have a gluten free household of 5.  No one in our family likes these.  My children (9, 7, &5) are begging me to throw the box away - I think they are afraid I'll sneak one in their lunchbox.  The cookie crumbles leaving a dry mess of rice flour and hardish chewy fruity bits in your mouth.  Have a glass of water nearby if you try these.  I hate to leave a bad review, but there are way better gluten free options out there.<br /><br />(I won't throw the box away.  I'll pass it on to another gluten free family I know and let them form their own opinion.)
I was disappointed in the unpleasant flavor and dry texture of Nana's Chocolate Munch Cookie Bars. To me there was an odd artificial almost chemical like after taste in them that cocoa powder can't even cover up. I threw away the entire box after tasting the first bar.
Nana's cookies are good eaten plain.  They are a bit crumbly compared to cookies made with wheat flour.<br /><br />The cookies are individually packaged.  I find it better to cut the plastic open with scissors to avoid breaking the cookies.<br /><br />If you want the cookies crumbled, just break them up in the packaging and then cut open with scissors to dispense neatly.<br /><br />I like to cut up strawberries and crumble a Nana's cookie over them.  With a little whipped cream, it's just like a good strawberry shortcake.  They are great crumbled over bananas, too.<br /><br />Despite being somewhat fragile.  Nana's cookies from Amazon usually arrive intact.
Let me preface this review by saying that in the gluten-free world, baked goods tend to be a bit on the crumbly side because they are missing the "glue" (gluten) that holds them together.  Taking this into consideration, Nana's gluten free cookie bars are one of the tastiest gluten-free treats and one of the only brands sweetened with fruit juice instead of sugar.<br /><br />At only 130 calories, 4.5 grams of fat, and 7 grams of sugar (natural fruit sugar), the Nana Banana flavor of cookie bars makes a great treat for kids and adults.  The amount of banana is just right, and you even get a few tiny bits of crunchy banana inside.<br /><br />Each cookie measures approximately 3.5 inches long by 1.5 inches wide...perfect for a light snack or dessert, especially for kids.  Amazon has the best price around on Nana's Cookie Bars, so rest assured that you are getting a good deal, even though they are pricier than "regular" cookies made with corn syrup and sugar.<br /><br />Good cookies aren't cheap, and cheap cookies aren't good!  Give Nana's banana cookies a try.  (No, I don't work for Nana's but am a happy, loyal customer!)
My 2 year old eats the Chocolate Munch Cookie and LOVES them. I bought them not because they were gluten free, but because they are sweetener free. He calls them "chocolate treat," if that gives you any indication of how good he thinks they are. I would definitely recommend this flavor to everyone. I have found that with the subscribe and save discount I can get the boxes cheaper on Amazon than in stores like Sunflower, Sprouts and Whole Foods.
It is close to impossible to find a cookie that is both soy free, wheat free, and the only sugar that is used is from natural juices: apple, etc. That is the only reason I gave the cookie such a high ranking...<br />As for taste, the chocolate flavor is pronounced, I enjoy the "crunch", however, the texture of the cookie has a lot to be desired. The cookie needs to either be crunchier or more moist. As is it wants to stick to the roof of your mouth, and is just odd. Making it unappealing. If I had tasted the item prior to ordering, I wouldn't have bought a whole box full.
i have enjoyed this product for quite some time.  however, i am disgusted by the fact that the price keeps increasing!  at $35 per case, customers are paying more than $4 per box for 5 small cookie bars - ridiculous!  i will find a healthier, more reasonably priced snack to munch on. shame on nana and amazon. . .
These cookie bars are great for packing in a lunch or having alone for a snack. Try all the flavors for a variety.
I love these banana cookies even though I can eat any other brand/ingredient.  Yes, the texture is DIFFERENT, but that's what I really like about them.  It kind of reminds me of mexican wedding cookies -dry, melt in your mouth texture.  They are really expensive compared to name/store brand cookies, so I have to maintain my self-control and eat only one every few days :(
I tried the Nana's Bananas cookie bars for the first time this week. I love them! I don't have any gluten issues so I can't speak for that, but I really enjoyed the real banana taste of these cookies. Some people complained about the drier texture, which I will admit is a little different than an actual cookie, but it I always have it with something to drink anyway so the drier texture is not a problem for me. The cookies are nice and soft and there are little delicious crunchy bits in the mix. I bring them to work for a nice afternoon snack :) I will definitely be buying them again soon!
Lots of double fudge cookies! What could be better?.... I bought these because the texture and taste remind me of the Cosmic Brownies I ate when I was a kid, the super unhealthy ones by Little Debbie.  Nana's Fudgy Wudgy Cookie bars are so much healthier and pretty darn close to the real thing(without the fudge topping)... They are delicious and a healthier blast from the past for me! YUMMMMM!
My daughter is very picky, but she like this cookie very much. i haven't seen any product GFCFEFSF this good. great product.
My 3.5 yr old daughter with Autism loves these! She is on a special gluten-free, casein-free and soy-free diet and these are a wonderful snack for her.
My 9 year old daughter has celiac disease, and these are one of her favorite cookies (other than the ones I make!)  They are a great quick snack for her to bring and have on hand so that she DOESN'T feel left out or deprived when cookies are offered to kids in social situations.
These are the best!  What a wonderful way to provide a treat for yourself and your kids knowing how healthy and pure they are.  The taste is excellant and satisfies that sweet tooth.  Highly recommend that you try these.
tastes like dry brownie w/ invisible pieces of puffed rice which get stuck in your teeth. come on. we can do better than this for cookie bars.
It's Crunchy, I'm now love the smoother Nana's Like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FNEX8C">Nana's No Gluten Lemon Cookie, 3.5-Ounce Cookies (Pack of 12)</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FNEX8M">Nana's No Gluten Chocolate Cookie, 3.5-Ounces (Pack of 12)</a> you get the idea I hope!!<br />I don't have coffee or Chocolate anymore!<br />If you don't have a problem GREAT but I found out I do!!
very tasty and the perfect size snack.  Reliable in availability and  shipping time.
These were good for a snack but found it a little expensive for the size they come in.
The berry vanilla is one of my favorite from Nana's.  I also like the chocolate munch when I am wanting something with a chocolate flavor.  They are dry amd crumble.  That doesn't bother me.  I have been gluten-free for five years and have tried near everything.  Nana's has become part of my weekly grocery list.  They are easy to take on the go.  I think these would be great for parents with allergic children because they are packaged for on the go.  It can be frustrating to be out and you suddenly get hungry and there is nothing gluten-free to be found.
Our family has members who keep kosher, who are vegetarians, who are unable to eat gluten, etc.  This cookie covers all the bases, but tends to be soft and not entirely tasty.  However, they can be used to make a gluten free pie crust, which is a great feature.  I have the feeling that if they were baked a little longer they would be better.<br /><br />Really, though, how good can a gluten free cookie be?
Since I cannot eat sugar, and there are so few healthy options out there, this is perfect for my chocolate fix!
Our daughter has several food allergies, so Nana's Chocolate Munch Cookie Bars are perfect!  Out of all the Gluten-free cookies out there, my daughter just LOVES Nana's.  NO eggs, NO dairy, NO refined sugar, NO hydrogenated oils, NO Cholesterol, NO Casein, NO Soy, NO Corn.  They are made from natural ingredients and sweetened with fruit juice.<br /><br />Now, don't get me wrong, for the average person these do not taste like a regular cookie.  I do not personally like the texture, but the chocolate flavor is good.  I will say that this is a wonderful product for people with food allergies, but not someone who can have regular cookies.
THis product is definitely not as good as some other gluten free cookies!  Try Pamela's!
we have a two and four-year-old and they enjoy these cookies.<br />Good tasting<br />very convenient packaging ( individually wrapped)  Great for stuffing in glove compartment for emergencies.<br /><br />the right size for our kids<br />No bad stuff<br />no complaints.
These cookie bars are fudgy and yummy and tasty and healthy and...<br />So good!!  I am a big fan of these.  When I order a case of these I always think, "man that is a lot of cookie bars!  I am probably not going to be able to finish them all."  Probably being the operative word.  Well low and behold (with the help of my husband and 6 year old daughter) they are gone quickly and we are ordering more.  If you are adding more whole wheat to your diet, these work.  If you are looking to get rid of refined sugar in your diet, these work.  If you order them and don't like them: you must have been one of those really picky kids that grew up to be a picky adult!  They are fabulous!  To eat them is to love them.
My 8 year old son has numerous allergies plus autism and these cookie bars are a life saver!  They're made with fruit juice as opposed to cane sugar, so I don't feel bad about giving them to him.  We've tried many gluten free cookies, these are by far his favorites!  Unfortunately the local stores don't keep them well stocked, so I'm glad I found them here.  If you're not used to gluten free products, you probably won't like them.  The texture is very different than wheat, but if you haven't had wheat in quite a while, these are very tasty and not as crumbly as other gluten free products.  They are fabulous cookies and I'm so glad Nana's makes them...don't ever stop!
I was excited to find Nana's line of gluten-free cookies, and have tried all the varieties that they offer. Of the various flavors and styles of cookies, these are my favorite. I find their individually packaged cookies (the large, round ones) to be way too heavy for one meal and end up splitting them for two snacks. These 8 pack cookies are the perfect size for a little snack or to keep in your purse. I can understand why some reviewers might not like these cookies because they do have a very healthy taste, and some might object to the texture of the berry crystals. I happen to like the berry crystals, and it's nice to eat a cookie that you don't have to feel dietary guilt over! A great "hearty" cookie that goes well with coffee or tea.  Also, I am gluten intolerant and have never had any negative reaction to these cookies whatsoever. In my opinion, a good product. However, because it is natural and doesn't have preservatives, the faster the item is shipped to you after packaging, the better. I have noticed that Nana's cookies do become more dry the longer you keep them around, even sealed. Probably a good idea to try this product before buying a case of it, because I have noticed that people either seem to love or hate the Nana cookies.
I love Nana's GF lemon cookies, so I figured I'd try these berry vanilla bars too.  They're a nice, soft texture but I am not crazy about the taste.  I feel strange about the berry flavoring in a cookie with no real berries, just little dried crunchies sporadically in the cookie.  I think I will try the chocolate bars next time around.
I know what you're probably thinking: They're vegan, they're gluten-free...they're a dream come true! The taste of these bars is very banana-y<br />but I doubt you'll be able to ignor the texture long enough to enjoy that. The texture is akin to eating a handful of dirt (I'm no dirt-eating pro...but when I was trying to chew that's all I kept thinking). Please...if you're thinking about trying these...go down to your local natural foods market and pick up a box there first...while you're at it you may want to get some of your favorite soymilk...and lots of it!<br /><br />PS<br />If you're in the market for a yummy vegan bar...try the Betty Lous brand...The strawberry is super good!
they are fabulous and not bad for you, what else could you ask for!
They taste great and are healthy. We keep our home stocked with Nana's Cookie Bars.
When I found out two of my children were allergic to dairy and eggs, it was quite an adjustment.  Fortunately, we found Nana's Fudgy Wudgy Bars fairly soon after their diagnoses.  The kids think they are delicious, and I love them as a parent because they are a bit healthier than most "treats".  They are also conveniently packaged so that if we go to a birthday party, the kids can just grab a bar, and take it with them so they aren't left out when cake is served.  I give a package to their teachers too at the beginning of the year so that if there are any special occassions celebrated at school, my kids still get their treat.  The fact that my kids consider them a special treat, they must really be yummy, although I have yet to try them myself.  BTW, we tried a few other flavors of Nana's bars and cookies, but this one is the only one my kids like (or should I say love).
I bought a box, waist'd my $$ but people love me that I could give them this!!!<br />AFTER having a bough of HAVING to rush to bathroom I re-read the posts! AND looked at ingredients closer!<br />Gluten Free Whole Grain Dextrins<br />IF you don't have a problem GREAT! If you do you may end up re-reading the 1's later -}<br />I like the idea of Bites had them before. going to try out Pamela's.<br />I Love the Nana's Cookies but IT's VERY hard Not to eat the Whole cookie! The  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FNEX8C">Nana's No Gluten Lemon Cookie, 3.5-Ounce Cookies (Pack of 12)</a> & <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FNB3BC">Nana's No Gluten Ginger Cookie, 3.5-Ounce Packages (Pack of 12)</a> It's TWO servings!! Plus the texture is soooo smooth it go's down VERY easy! I don't have Coffee or Chocolate anymore! Have Green Tea Decaf.<br />NEED to go to the Nana's Banana Bars + modify or delete my post!<br />Only Bites I hope Pamela's ginger works out for me!<br />I Do LOVE this TOO <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FVUM0C">Lundberg Eco-Farmed Honey Nut Rice Cake, 9.5-Ounce Units  (Pack of 12)</a> +<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FVUM02">Lundberg Eco-Farmed Buttery Caramel Rice Cake, 9.5-Ounce Units  (Pack of 12)</a> + <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FVZW7K">Lundberg Eco-Farmed Brown Rice Cake, Salt Free, 8.5-Ounce Units  (Pack of 12)</a>
be careful...even though this is listed under gluten free section it is NOT gluten free
After eating this product, I had a stomach ache followed by hours on the toilet. Those of you with a gluten intolerance and Celiac disease know exactly what those symptoms mean... somehow this product is contaminated with gluten! It is NOT gluten free! Please spare yourself the pain and suffering. These cookies are not worth it.<br /><br />For those of you who are tempted to continue eating this product even after you have been informed that it is not gluten free, please keep these facts in mind:<br />1. If you eat gluten, it damages your intestinal lining.<br />2. If you keep on eating gluten the damage to your intestines will get worse and so will your symptoms.<br />3. If you further continue to eat gluten you will end up in malabsorption, increase your risk for intestinal cancer, and lead to all sorts of problems including infertility, autoimmune disorders, oteoporosis.<br />In other words, cheating on your diet is not worth it!<br />Don't eat Nana's products!<br /><br />Instead, I suggest you buy something like Pamela's chunky chocolate cookies. They are one of my favorites.
The most awesome cookies on the planet. We need a treat that is not full of sugar and Nanas fits the bill for us.
I was a bit disappointed in these.  They crumble very easily and have an unusual texture.  My son (6) does not like them.
In the past I have purchased these cookie bars through Amazon and have had good business. However, Amazon has not kept up with the ingredients changing in these cookie bars. It is very important to me what ingredients are in the foods I purchase. I am not happy with Amazon's business this time. Ingredients change often! Amazon needs to keep up to date with the ingredients if they are going to have them listed on their website.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything drier than these cookie bars, ever in my life. They taste okay, but I just can't choke them down, even with coffee.
I love it! It's strong enough to start at least 10 gallons of wine, yet light enough to be flexible, very important for pushing the lid down inside for a sanitizing solution. Future models should come with calibrations so you know how much liquid is inside but that was easy to overcome with a sharpie and a measuring container.
This device's lid does not seal.  I am not sure why it is being sold as anything other than a trashcan.  Did work well for beer as long as it was transferred to a secondary right at the end of fermentation.
I got disgusted with the garlic powder sold in bulk at health food stores and natural food groceries.  It rarely has much garlic flavor and was way too hot and the quality was very inconsistent at stores that did sometimes sell something good.<br /><br />I'm now half way through my second jar of Tone's, which is consistently excellent.  It has a strong garlic flavor and is not hot unless you use a lot on something like broccoli.  It is way better than raw garlic cloves.  They must have an excellent source of garlic for their powder.  If you have doubts about your current garlic powder, smell it.  If it doesn't have a strong garlic smell, it's just white powder.  Get this Tone's and you'll get your delicious food back.
I used to buy this product at the local WalMart, but they no longer carry it.  It delivers more garlic flavor per ounce than ordinary garlic powder, and I use it whenever fresh garlic is not practical...on my burgers, in potato salad, etc.
The garlic granules make cooking with the garlic flavor without adding extra salt.  The Tones quality is exceptional.  Arrived quickly
My 9 1/2 month old daughter has loved this since she tasted it when she was 7 months.  I have tasted it, and it's delicious.  It's convenient for on the go or to have handy as a snack.  The ingredients are mangoes and &lt;1% Organic Lemon Juice.  The consistency is nice and thick (like that of apple butter) so it isn't dripping off the spoon.  Also if you feel confident enough, you or your child can squeeze it right in his/her mouth.  Ella's products are expensive, but I think their products are worth it, and my daughter has loved every variety we have tried except the pumpkin combo.  Love all the fruits--pears, apples and these mangoes.  This also provides 40% of Vitamin C.
My baby loves this. It's a great first food to start with when teaching your baby to have solids. The pouch makes it easy to get the product out, without making a mess and the lid is easy to refasten, so you can use it again over a few feeds.
This is excellent for a baby's first taste. The pouch size is perfect and it actually lasted me two days, as my baby is still just learning to eat solids, therefore didn't have it all. The top makes it easy to refasten, so it doesn't go to waste and can be used again. I love the pouch, it's easy to get all the product out wihtout making a mess.
This is excellent for a baby's first taste. The pouch size is perfect and it actually lasted me two days, as my baby is still just learning to eat solids, therefore didn't have it all. The top makes it easy to refasten, so it doesn't go to waste and can be used again. I love the pouch, it's easy to get all the product out wihtout making a mess.
No matter how wholesome a snack may be, it's worthless unless the girls approve. In this case they both give the Science Diet Jerky Treats two paws up. I like that beef is the first ingredient in the recipe and there are none of those unrecognizable ingredients created in a science laboratory.<br /><br />The treats are a nice size and have just enough chew to satisfy. For Piper, our shih tzu with a few missing teeth, I break the treats into smaller pieces so she can manage them.<br /><br /> On the package:<br />Use within 3 weeks of opening.<br />100% satisfaction guaranteed<br />Keep this bag out of the reach of pets and children.
At first sniff the two girls turned up their noses at the new snack. To be fair, this happens with the introduction of most new snacks to this fussy and suspicious pair. By the third and fourth and subsequent offerings, the hesitation stopped. Though the girls genuinely like these treats now, there isn't the mad excitedness for them like they show for some others or for french fries.<br /><br />I like that the first ingredient of these snacks is  "real"beef ( not the undesirable artificial beef),and they are made with natural ingredients. The treats are small and chewy and are good for training, rewarding, and bribing. For most dogs the consistency is probably perfect, just enough chew to add interest. For Piper, our shih tzu with a few missing teeth, I break the treats in half so as not to tax the teeth she has left.<br /><br />Science Diet backs these treats with a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
I'm usually a caffeine guy, but I had to switch to decaf while my wife is pregnant.  This is definitely the best decaf out there - full flavored, smooth, and very aromatic.  It's the best!
I love Community Coffee but the batch I received of the Special Decaf was old the bags had lost their vacuum packed state.
I'm sorry to hear about the difficulty in finding the details about the Hill's Science Diet Savory Chicken Entr&eacute;e Adult Cat Canned Food on our website.<br /><br />I checked our website and found that the item Hill's Science Diet Savory Chicken Entr&eacute;e Adult Cat Canned Food is currently only offered by the third party sellers on our website.<br /><br />Amazon Merchants and Marketplace sellers are independent, third-party sellers who offer a variety of new and used merchandise through Amazon.com. When buying from a third party, your order is fulfilled directly by the merchant. As a result, Amazon Merchants set their own shipping terms. In general, these charges reflect the handling costs for assembling and packaging each order, as well as shipping costs.<br /><br />Products listed for sale by Amazon Merchant should be identical to the new items sold by Amazon.com, with any differences noted in the description of the item's condition.<br /><br />When you shop with an Amazon Merchant their merchant's shipping terms will apply to your purchase. Rates, restrictions, and methods vary from merchant to merchant and are not set by Amazon.com. For instance, while some merchants will ship to international destinations, others do not.<br /><br />You can always view details of a merchant's rates and policies from the product detail page of an item you're interested in buying, and from the order form before you submit your order.<br /><br />As Amazon.com doesn't handle the shipping of Amazon Merchant items, you'll need to contact the specific Merchant with any questions you may have before ordering. They'll be happy to help answer your questions.
I got this product a while back. It was very delicious. I love trying to cook Korean food. I would recommend this product for those who are people new to cooking Korean food. The hot pepper paste came in perfect condition.
This is wonderful stuff, exactly what I was looking for. Of all gochujang pastes available, this one is spicy-sweet, with a wonderful depth of flavor. A good addition to soups, stews, sauces and marinades, occasionally I just eat a spoonful straight from the box! It's a good topping for noodles and rice bowls, too.
I love all of Joray's flavors. Watermelon is my favorite! Joray's fruit rolls are more natural than other fruit snacks.
My kids love these fruit roll ups and I remember having them as a child so I was delighted when I saw I could buy a large box. However, when they came we were disappointed!  The were were very old and hard...  We only opened one and it broke into pieces. Because it's a food item, you can't return which I think is ridiculous...we couldn't even eat them! I order lots of stuff from Amazon and have had a great experience except for these fruit roll ups. Don't buy food from Amazon! (The only reason I gave it 1 star is because I had to click on something and they did arrive on time).
These are delicious.  They have the same consistency as a Spree or Runt, and they are sour all the way through.  I'm sure I'll be ordering some more.
This candy is similar to the Cry Baby tears that you find in the boxes only, as the seller mentions they are coated which doesn't seem to bother me. One thing you want to keep in mind unlike the individually boxed Cry Baby tears these ones do not contain the grape flavor. Great Candy it's too bad that this is so hard to find in stores.
The item shipped in an unsealed plastic bag within a brown cardboard shipping sleeve. Arrived with product loose and falling out of the cardboard.  No effort had been made to seal the plastic bag or the shipping sleeve. Unbelievable.<br />The product itself is very foul tasting with a horrible lingering aftertaste. Could be the coating?<br /><br />I am very disappointed in the purchase and would never buy again. Especially from this vendor. Stay away from these!
My wife uses this coffee in our espresso machine to make cappuchinos with cocoa powder and it is great.  She says it has a nice strong coffee flavor but smooth not bitter.  I don't drink coffee but I took some to work for the drip machine there and several of the coffee drinkers love it.
Our two Golden Retrievers have been on Beneful Weight Control now for at least 3 years. We didn't see any out of the ordinary pooping problems that others mention.  They love it and both have lost considerable weight -- both were considered "obese," but now one is normal weight and the other is only slightly overweight.  My only real complaint is they stopped selling it (at least around here) in the larger 40-50lb bags.  Now you can only find these 31lb bags but the price is the same.  We go through about 2 bags a month, so it's a little pricey.
We have two dogs and after a few weeks of switching to the Beneful Healthy Weight we've noticed very unpleasant results. They whine to go outside much more than they ever have and actually had bowel movements right in front of us if we don't get them outside in time.  Our dogs have gone from needing to go outside a few times a day to 6 or 7 times daily to handle the number of bowel movements they have. My theory is this dog food just goes right through the dog and not much of it actually is being utilized by the body. Which makes me wonder how many nutrients my dogs are actually receiving.  Poor dog food in my opinion and should only be used if your dog needs a laxative. I will most likely be going back to Purina One.
I put all my dogs on this food about a month and a half ago. I began to notice my older/overweight dog become more playful and energetic. He has already lost some weight. Also all of the others have more solid stools and they actually enjoy eating this. I would recommend this to everyone.
Ive noticed that my dog has had more frequent bowel movement than usual. He is on a strict schedule for potty break and has been very good on it for the past 4 years until i tried this food. Now he poops in my apt in front of us because he has to go so bad, like the poster above, its one hell of a laxative when my very well trained yorkie cant even hold it in
I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat, and with a name like "Beneful" I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food. My dogs did eat this food, but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs. The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, and corn gluten meal. How disgusting is that?! The main ingredient is a corn filler. One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot: "When you eat corn, what comes out of the other end? The same thing happens with dogs." Basically, dogs cannot digest corn, it is just a filler and causes them to actually eat more to feel full, poop out more, and retain less nutrients. The only meat in Beneful at all is a by-product, its not even a real meat! By-products are the stuff leftover once all the actual meat is harvested. We're talking beaks, chicken feet, eyeballs, even chicken poop! I would not recommend this product to anyone, for any reason, ever. It is an absolutely awful dog food. I can't believe the pictures of veggies and full chunks of meat on the bag can be allowed to be on the packaging of such a disgusting product; it is very misleading and should be considered false advertising.<br /><br />I recommend to stay far away from Beneful, and most Purina products. When purchasing a dog (or cat) food, the most important thing to consider is the first 3 ingredients; just make sure those first three are decent ingredients that you would eat yourself. Now that I know what to look for, I usually buy my pets all natural, organic foods such as Blue Buffalo, Halo or Wellness.
I started giving my dog this a couple of weeks ago. He really loved a different Beneful and so I gave this one a try. He LOVES it and is excited when its time to eat. (He would barely touch Purina Little Bites) I took him out of state to my mom's place and he pooped in the house 3 times! I took the blame for not paying enough attention to him. However, since we've come back home he's pooped in my apt 3 times! (in 1 week) He NEVER does that. I thought that maybe he was being spiteful, but I really think he just can't help it. The food is one hell of a laxative if thats what you're looking for. I'm glad I only bought the small bag because I WILL NOT be giving this one another try. It only gets 2 stars because he likes it and because I'm sure he would lose weight if he keeps pooping this much. TERRIBLE.
This is one of my favorite potates dishes but I always have a tough time finding them in my local supermarkets. So, like usually, I go to Amazon and sure enough, they're available at a much lower price in a shipment of 6 boxes. As I know they'll be gone in no time (my family loves them too) I put them on automatic delivery. No more searching the supermarkets, love it!
These are very good. They are very close to home made, but when I'm in a hurry, I really appreciate having them at hand.
I was amazed at the actual taste of this product . . . the amount of protein and the lack of fat is really good.  They have a lot more flavors and all of the combinations are really good.
I purchased a Keurig so my husband could make just one cup of coffee for breakfast instead of making a French press full and pitching half of it.  I use it to make unsweetened iced tea.  With the plethora of sweetened iced tea k-cups, it's great to have one with the good, clean and fresh taste of unsweetened tea.  I use the largest setting and then add about 1/2 cup of cold water to the Pyrex liquid measuring pitcher.  With the addition of water, it cuts the strength to the proper consistency.  I don't bother with all the glasses with ice and then brewing over ice.  I just make the tea and pour it from the pitcher.  Good stuff.
This tea makes extremely dark and strong tea on the 11oz setting which is my largest water capacity setting. I use the Keurig Iced Beverage Tumblers filled with ice and can't drink it straight.  My solution is to fill a gallon pitcher with ice, add some water, make two iced brew K-cups and pour it over the ice water for what I consider perfect iced tea.  You can forego the water for stronger tea, or add more water to dilute the tea depending on your mood or tastes.  This tea has excellent flavor, it's just too strong right out of the Keurig for my tastes and in my opinion requires diluting.  Excellent for making a pitcher of tea!
Great taste. There is a slight bitterness to this tea, but it's black tea - it's bound to be a little bitter, especially for being so strong. The strength is perfect for customizing to taste. Some people like strong tea while others like theirs very mild, so you can add more water if you want. I like to make a fairly strong tea (the melting ice dilutes it just fine) and sweeten it myself. I like sweet tea, but usually when I get it, it just tastes like sugar water. These give me the strong tea flavor I love, and I can add the perfect amount of sweetness. Great product!
This is definitely too strong if you make one glass from one K-cup. I've experimented. Now I run two K-cups through the large cup brew three times each. I add each cup to a pitcher. Then I add enough water to fill my three-quart pitcher. I sweeten it with Stevia, and add juice from one lime. Great iced tea!
Great tea...I have checked other stores ie: Target, Kohls and they are more than this tea costs plus the boxes you get on Amazon are bigger quanities.
the best, tastiest and fast making ice tea by the glass, does not leave an after taste, like a delicate summer breeze in a glass, fresh ice tea anytime of day or night, great for company
I prefer to sweeten my own tea and so this is perfect. It makes a strong cup of iced tea, and some may choose to add more water after brewing. Easy to make and great to have around. Taste is very good.
I love my keurig and especially like to fix my iced tea with these kcups. They are very flavorful  and every glass is fresh brewed!  I drink iced tea all year so I a glad I found an affordable optuIon!
Disappointed.  The big boxes had a very different flavor than the smaller boxes.  I am not sure why but not good.
I ordeed this product because this tea is really good. The shipment came as expected. I love the taste of this tea. It's not stong at all.
I adore these K-Cups! On a keto diet, it can be hard to find pre-made drinks that aren't loaded with sugar. With these guys, I can control the sugar content but still enjoy that perfect glass of iced tea.
We recently purchased the K-Cup machine and I was quite excited as I drink iced tea rather than coffee. This blend of black tea is quite bitter and not at all what I was looking for. It works as advertised, just not the right tea for me.
This is a really easy way to make terrible iced tea.  Sometimes convenience outweighs taste, but not always.  What this product doesn't tell you before you buy it is that the ingredients are: black tea with tea extract, hibiscus and citric acid.  It's not just tea.  And it doesn't taste like just tea, either.  It tastes like powdered iced tea from a jar.  It has an overtaste of lemon -- that's probably the citric acid.  And that fake tea flavor that comes from powdered iced tea mix.  I'll probably drink it when it's really convenient.  But I won't serve it to friends!  And I won't drink it if I have time to make a glass of real tea and pour it over ice.
This tea is so strong you might as well not waste time brewing and just chew the leaves right out of the container. It's strong not in a normal strong tea way. Instead it's bitter. If you use a Keurig model that has cup size settings a recommendation is to go with the largest setting for the largest cup you can fit under the Keurig and work backward from there until you get to the taste you prefer. Also note that while it's in smaller print, there is a warning not to use a glass to make the iced tea which is a warning worth paying attention to.
I have two Chihuahuas and they absolutely love their little bites!  The ingredients are the best quality available .. organic chicken, flax seed, nutra-drops, and TONS of vitamins and minerals!  The best part about this food is that toy breeds can be on this from the time their little puppies til they're full grown- for life!  Try finding another dog food that does that!  This is a MUST if you have a toy breed dog.  It helps balance their glycemic index even at the most stressful periods of time.  Overall, it is just a really healthy food that will make your dog look and feel beautiful inside and out!
I ordered this assorted bartons turkish delight 6in1 it is delicious .I took it to my parents house for my sister's birthday among her gifts which I also bought at amazon everyone at the party loved this Turkish delight so much they even wanted to buy it for them and I told them amazon go there they have everything,amazon thank you as allways bringing us International flavors without leaving our homes.
Although these are a quality dog treat please be aware that these do contain chicken. I did not see this ingredient listed on the product page. This is just to advise those pet parents if your kiddo has a poultry or chicken allergy like mine do that every variety to date contains both chicken and natural chicken flavor.<br />The ingredients are as followed for the Low Calorie variety<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />Organic brown rice powder, rice powder, vegetable glycerin, gelatin, water, tapioca starch, oat fiber, chicken, natural chicken flavor, dehydrated carrots, organic flaxseed, cranberries, apples, cinnamon, parsley, chia seed, carrageenan (natural seaweed extract), l-carnitine, peppermint, l-ascrobyl-2-polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), green tea extract (decaf).
We have a 3 year old Maltese that we used to shower with Greenies (1-2 a day) even though it says to limit them to one per day.  The last time we took him to the vet, we told her what kind of food he's on and what kind of treats he gets.  She was concerned with the amount of Greenies he gets and told us to limit them to one every other day.  She said that Greenies contain wheat and that could be problematic for dogs later on in life.  So I searched on Amazon for a wheat free dental chew...<br /><br />Our dog has tried three different kinds of dental chews (including this one) and likes them all.  He's tried <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001G96UK8">Greenies Dental Chews for Dogs, Teenie Pack, 96 Chews</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MWRT18">Zuke's Z-Ridge Mini - Carrot Fresh Breath Dental Chew Bones, 15 Count Pouch</a>.<br /><br />After reading mixed reviews, I decided to give these a try.  My first impressions were that these were pretty large for a "small" dog.  They are twice the length of a Greenie.  When our little guy got one, he ate half of it, then tried to hide the other half.  He did like it though.  I will say that he usually devours his Greenies but he takes his time on these (he did the same with the Zukes at first).  After a few days, he seems to really like them.<br /><br />If you're doing a side by side comparison between the Get Naked dental chew, Greenies and Zukes,  I think these are better.  They're really low in calories and they're wheat free, corn free, soy free and gluten free.  They're cheaper than Zukes as well.<br /><br />My recommendation is to cut them in half.  That will give you 36 treats for your dog per bag.  Three bags will give you 108 treats vs. Greenies 96 at around the same price.  He likes the Zukes but they are just too expensive seeing how you only get 15 per bag.<br /><br />I suggest buying one bag to see if your dog likes them.  If they do, then they are a great alternative to Greenies.
My four year old chinese crested mix loves these dog treats. He is somewhat of a picky eater when it comes to dog treats but he loves these. They smell nice and minty and take a little while for him to eat so it gives him something to work at. They are made with good ingredients. No meat byproducts or corn! AND they are made in the USA which is definite plus. I will continue to get these for my pup.
My dogs really like these. My six year old adopted Spoodle came to us with bad teeth and a weight problem. She had 14 teeth pulled and is halfway to her weight goal, and has learned to like crunchy snacks.<br /><br />My ten year old lab likes anything, but also needs to watch his teeth and his weight.<br /><br />I like to give them a treat before I leave the house, so that they are happy instead of anxious when they see me get my coat and keys.<br /><br />These treats are perfect at only 18 calores each, and the dogs are excited to eat them. The lab makes short work of it, but the Spoodle gets to give her remaining teeth a workout. ChristineJW
My dog has many food allergies, but these made-in-the-USA treats are free of wheat, corn, egg, and dairy.  My dog can't get enough of them.
My dogs love these !!  When I ran out of them recently, they were "counter" sniffing trying to find some.  I have a service dog that has to maintain his weight, and these are perfect for him.
My dog really enjoys these and they do not last long. She is not a big chewer, and doesn't like bones, so I wanted to get something that she could much on from time to time so to help clean her teeth. I was attracted to these because they are low calorie and made in the US. When you get them out of the package they don't look like food, but the dogs don't really mind. They are flexible enough to cut in half with kitchen shears if you have a small dog.
These are great treats!  My dog is older and has a few extra pounds so I decided to buy these for her.  She loves them.  Also keeps her occupied for some time while she is eating it.
I have a larger breed of dog, about 90 lbs and she loves these. At first they seem kind of hard, but she has no problem eating them. They don't take her very long to finish, but they are a nice little snack or treat for her while still being healthy. My moms smaller dog, about 12 lbs also likes these, although the smaller ones are best for her.
My dogs loves them. Glad to know that I have found a snack that is appealing to my dog but also something that won't have him breaking the scales!
My dog really enjoys these treats and the plus is that they help keep his teeth clean too. Will definatly purchase these again.
I just got these and my dogs love them, they smell pretty good and their breath is a little better smelling. They are excited when i open the treat jar and they see these yummy treats. I like them for the low calorie and better breath~
Not a big fan.  Will not buy this again.  plus she eats it really quick too, other than the throw up part.
the product was hard as a rock. i could not even break it in half. both dogs had hard time chewing them. puppy could not either will not get product again. unless the two packages i got were old and dried out.
These Dental Sticks are perfect for my two dogs that have food allergies and they LOVE them and i like the price for them here at Amazon.
My dog absolutely loves these!  I try to give one to him everyday, either in the morning or before we go to bed at night.  It doesn't take him long to finish it off... but long enough to put dishes away or brush my teeth.  :)
My dogs are very tiny and I needed a chew that would have the benefits of teeth cleaning but without any weight gain, and these did great, plus my dogs enjoyed them. If a dog doesn't like the taste and won't chew on a dental stick, then it would defeat the purpose. So these fit the bill all around.
I was skeptical that my dog would chew on these treats, but he does seem to like them.  They smell like cinnamon and are very low in calories.  My mini dachshund suffered kidney damage after contracting Leptospirosis.  He is on a special diet of rice and a small amount of protein.  Dogs on these diets often suffer from dental disease. I needed something to clean his teeth, but also not introduce high protein to his diet. These chews are 18% crude protein, much lower than other chews, and contain fiber (chia seeds and flaxseed) and antioxidents like green tea. A win-win situation for my dog's overall health.
We have a year old pug who will eat just about anything but these!  Unfortunately he just would not go near them no matter how hard we tried to peak his interest.
I had high hopes for this product, because it is healthy and affordable.  But neither of my 2 Chihuahuas liked it; one just sniffed at it and walked away; the other dog chewed on it for a short while and then walked away from it.  One dog likes <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003KUO2XS">Nylabone Nutri Dent Original Minichews for Mini Dogs, 72-Count Pouch</a>, and the other dog likes <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004B3W4N8">6" BULLY STICKS - Free Range Standard Regular Thick Select 6 inch (10 Pack), by Downtown Pet Supply</a>.  I was looking for some alternatives that were healthy and more affordable.  I guess I'll be sticking with their current treats for now.
THESE TREATS ARE MORE FOR A LARGER DOG AS THEY ARE VERY HARD AND THICK.  THE GIRLS (my maltese) LIKE THEM EXCEPT WAY TOO BIG AND HARD TO CHEW FOR THEM..
I'm a runner doing 30-50 miles a week and am currently (9/10) training for the Chicago Marathon.  I've tried all of the gels and chews that are out there and these are my favorite.  I don't like gels as that squirt of mush activates my gag reflex.  Plus you always need water with them.  I've tried all of the other brands of energy chews (I think); Sharkies (good but sticky and not very tasty), Clif Shot Bloks (nice package, very sticky on the fingers), GU Chomps (super sticky and caused some nausea), PowerBar Gel Blasts (very good but tough to chew if cold).  The Honey Stinger chews are very easy to chew and you don't need water.  They don't stick to your teeth either.  The main selling point for me is that they taste good and don't cause nausea no matter what.  I'm sticking with these ones.
They're not as compact as gels like "Gu," but these are great for marathoners.  I empty 2 bags into a small plastic baggy. I carry the baggy in a neoprene pouch.<br /><br />I try to eat about 2 chews every 1.5-2 miles, beginning at mile 4.  Water to wash them down helps, but isn't a necessity.  Easy to eat on the run.  Good consistent and natural energy and electrolytes.  No stomach upset, which I always got w/ Gu.
When I'm riding and hit the wall where my legs are just out of gas (glycogen) I can eat a pack of these chews and within minutes feel relief and renewed energy!  I never go on a ride without them.  oh yeah...they taste pretty good too.
These are tbe best fruit chews I've ever had!  The flavor and texture is great.  My son had these last summer for the first time when he was at the Boy Scout Ranch, Philmont, in New Mexico.  He, of course, said this as a real treat while he was there.  I'm so glad I found them on Amazon!  Well worth the price...a great value!
Great seller. The product was as described.  The seller shipped the product quickly.  Good, fair price. Honey Stingers are by far the best training/race day nutrition you can buy.  They taste great, easy on the stomach, and organic.  I love them.
I hate to just echo everyone else, but these things<br />really ARE that good. Like a lot of folks, I hadn't<br />heard of these before Backpacker Magazine<br />raved about them in April of '09.<br />I gave 'em a try and was blown away.<br /><br />Over the years I've found that I find food<br />--on long hikes--less and less appetizing...<br />especially when the temperature is over 90.<br />The thought of chewing and swallowing is<br />not appealing.<br /><br />Obviously SOME nourishment is still necessary,<br />but I came to dread PowerBars, and then next, the<br />tastier bars they spawned. So I switched to gels,<br />but after awhile, I came to dread those, as well.<br />But these little chews are delicious--I'll eat them<br />even when nothing else sounds good.<br />Between hikes, I keep them out of sight, because<br />otherwise I'd snack on them at home.<br />I'm on here now ordering another dozen for a big hike.
I can't stand GU anymore so i found these.  For me, i feel like i got much more energy and so much better tasting.  These taste as good as any gummi candy out there.  Sometimes during the week i'll open a package and eat a few every day before my workout, and i really notice the extra energy towards the end of the workout.
These are really good!!!  Also, be sure to try the Cherry Blossom flavor if you can - that one tastes absolutely wonderful!!  This doesn't stick to your teeth at all and it has a very pleasant taste and even smell to it.  One pack has just enough pieces.  Great to bring along when you're traveling.  I gave some to a 7yr old and she loved it!  Because it's not too sweet (none of that dreaded corn syrup in here), people of all ages would easily approve of this - I certainly do and would not hesitate to recommend this to everyone!
They have a great fruity flavor.  They are pretty sweet but you can taste the honey in them and the sweetness doesnt overpower the fruit flavor.  The texture is perfect, not too gummy like gummy bears that you have to chew forever but also not stick-to-your-teeth like sharkies. Kinda like gum drops and there's lots of them in a bag so you dont feel like you got cheated.  I think I like these more than any other sports chews I have tried.  They also dont leave your fingers sticky after handling them.  I hope they come out with new flavors.
These energy chews are absolutely delicious! They hold up really well in your pocket or backpack when you're backpacking or mountain biking! I really couldn't imagine eating any other energy chew ever again!
These Honey Stingers are great.  I've used them a handful of times on runs lasting over an hour.  They do seem to provide some much-needed energy.  They're easy to chew, taste great, don't stick in my teeth or make me extra thirsty, and the packet is small enough to be portable.  I really like that the ingredients are pronounceable and healthy enough (organic tapioca, cane sugar, fruit juice, etc.).<br /><br />However, I don't see how they're any different from organic fruit snacks (like Annie's bunnies), which I can get much cheaper in a multi-pack from my local wholesale club.  The ingredients and nutrition information are virtually identical.  For that reason, I gave them just 4 stars.
They taste so good. Easy on my stomach when I am running. Help keep my energy up on long runs. LOVE THEM!!!
These taste good - kind of like cherry koolaid. 95% organic ingredients make it a bit healthier than koolaid. Better than the Clif Bloks (I say that b/c the cola Clif Bloks have a medicinal after taste).
I love these things.  Unlike other products, this actually tastes really good.  I would recommend this to my family and friends.
A great pick-me-up when exerting energy. I eat these while biking. Honey base is apparent in the after-taste, but isn't over-powering. The chews are great-tasting and provide energy without caffeine.
My kids love these!  They have a great flavor and, for us, are preferred over Sharkies.  My daughter sometimes gets stomach aches from fruit snacks, but has had no trouble with these.
These are a good alternative to candy, but still a lot of sugar in a better form.<br />Sharkies energy sports chews are not quite so sweet BUT are Healthier becasue the man ingredient is brown rice syrup which is a complex carbohydrate with low glycemic index. Being very hypogylcemic brown rice syrup and agave nectar are the only two natural sweetners that don't cause a "sugar crash". So for this reason the stingers only get 3 stars and sharkies get 5! If you want sweeter in sharkies get the kids version, but they are like stingers- no brown rice syrup. Oh, the brown rice version fill me up faster because they are a complex carbohydrate and don't cause blood sugar fluctuations.
We do a lot of bicycle riding in the heat and longer rides as well. We don't want to crash from lack of carbs in our system. Other energy products don't taste as good as these do. They are conveniently packed in little pouches so they are easy to grab and take along when we ride. Good stuff!
I am a huge fan of Stinger products. However, these little gummy gels do nothing as compared to the Stinger Honey Packs. If you are a road or mountain biker and need a good burst of quick energy to keep from bonking on that last hill, these will not help. In fact, the only benefit that I (or any of my riding buddies) have found is that they make your mouth water. Conceivably, this could help with water consumption when riding through the desert (Moab, Fruita). It is my guess that these are not intended for exercising. Maybe, people just use them at work to keep from eating Starburst or something less healthy?!
Heard about these from a triathlete who said that they worked fast.  An avid hiker, I have used other energy gels with limited success.  Taken about 15 minutes before an uphill climb, they provide the extra boost you need.  The chews have a great texture and taste like gummi bear candy.  Highly recommended.
These taste great!  And it's true what other reviewers have said about the consistency being good and them not sticking in your teeth.  However, as an energy boost for running, they don't do a thing for me.  In fact, they actually cause a stitch.  So I just eat them whenever I feel I need a sugary 'fix'.
I ordered these to use for marathon training. I have a sensitive stomach,but have had no problems with these. They do give me energy during those long runs!
These organic energy bites are delicious and work great.  I use them for golf tournaments or long bike rides.  A few bites every half hour and you will have ample energy for hours of activity.
I'm not a fan of messy gels, or stopping for PowerAde during a race. When I do my own long runs or if I'm doing a half, mess and inconvenience factor aside I also don't want to consume junk. These are organic and contain honey, and while soft & squishy somehow don't get stuck to each other when shoved in a gel pocket during a run. The taste is so delicious that my son tries to swipe them as well!
I tasted a few of these and they are pretty good.  I was expecting something a bit flavorless and I can imagine happily snacking on these for a multi-day packing hike.  I will write more after I have taken them on the trail.
Tried the pink lemonade flavor today during my long run...unbelievably awesome. Tasted great, no stomach issues, no sticking to my teeth, water not required to "wash it down" and most importantly - it was the best run I've had in a long time. Can't wait to try other flavors.
I start popping a package when I can feel that wall coming on.  These are easy to open while cycling and give a decent boost within a relatively short period of time.  As always, organic is a definite positive.  Not a lot of water is needed to get these down and I haven't had any heavy stomach feelings after consuming them.  Very happy with this purchase and will get more when this case is gone.
I'm training for my first marathon in November 2011 and these chews have kept me going during my long 18 to 20 mile training runs.  I dissolve them in water rather than carry them as chews and sip steadily after mile 8.  They taste like concentrated hawaiian punch and do not upset my stomach whatsoever.  I also eat them prior to a workout if I am feeling low energy and will even snack on them in lieu of candy.  Seriously, they are that good.  I have tried GU as well as Powerbar gels and both do the trick but are nowhere near as tasty.  The consistency of the chews are slightly softer than DOTs candy.
Stingers are better tasting and more convenient than gels and work just as well to provide energy when exercising over long periods of time.
I was excited to try these little honey chews to help with my energy levels during exercising and running.  I am 60 years old and about 50 pounds overweight.  I find it hard to keep my energy up day after day while running and exercising.  First of all these are so tasty without being overly sugary.  I was surprised though to see that the ingredients weren't mostly honey and the first ingredient listed which is suppose to be what the item has the most of is tapioca syrup.  I guess with the package calling it honey stinger I was thinking that it was pure honey with some taste enhancers.  Still, everything is organic which I suppose should add to it's value.  I found that I felt no energy boost during my activities but I can say that without a doubt that these make you feel like you can keep going and going.  It's not something that feels like you are really energetic but more like you just got a good days rest and are ready to get going.  I don't like feeling like I'm on a sugar high with that nervous feeling in my chest and these do not do that.  I think they make you feel healthy and are a good addition to your diet for exercising.  The only drawback to me is the cost of these $16 for 12 bags makes it hard to justify the purchase as often as you would like to have them.  I will purchase again when my grocery money allows.  I would recommend to buy if you are looking for a healthy pickup to keep you going all day and not just for a quick boost.
These energy chews have a great flavor, will give you good energy before or during a workout, and are a reasonable price. I would recommend this to any endurance athlete such as a cyclist, runner, triathlete, etc. Strength Training and Sports Nutrition for Cycling
I didn't want caffeine, don't want the high calories & went through MANY types of energy chews / gels / drinks online to see what would be the best option for myself.<br /><br />I LOVE the honey stingers!  No caffeine, calories can be controlled depending on how many pieces you take, and most importantly, it lasted me through my marathon trainings :)<br /><br />Fruit smoothy is delicious.  Haven't tried the other flavors.
I use Honey Stinger Energy chews on all my long distance bike rides.  I ride over 100 miles a week and love all the different flavors.
Last fall I bought a slew of different protein bar brands to see which I liked the most.  Of the many brands I tried, most all were roughly the same in taste, texture, etc.  But these Honey Stingers stood out to me.  They have a much smoother texture, and have a great sweetness to them that really makes them taste great.  I'm a huge fan... gonna by a bunch more boxes for snacks and workouts.
Yo soy corredora, y he probado muchos tipos de productos, este es el que mejor resultado me ha dado.
When I opened the package, I only found 11 packets of the Honey Stingers. There should have been 12. I counted and re-counted 4 times to be sure. The packets were in a thin cardboard display box, wrapped in a sealed plastic bag, and shipped in a sturdy cardboard box. I don't really want to go through the hassle of returning the item, so I guess I'm out a pack.  It'd be nice if amazon shipped me one more packet! ;-)
These are the most awesome little energy snack possible!  Brought a box of these on a hunt for a week with some buddies for the first time...along with a box of Sharkies. Prior to this, Sharkies where our mainstay when needing a boost and energy replacement.  Have to say, even the Sharkies fan in the group had to admit Honey Stingers fairly surpassed Sharkies in both taste and performance.  Will still probably bring both next time for variety, but definitely twice as many Honey Stingers.  Honey IS the perfect food!
If you have been out to Philmont on a treck or as staff these are given to you in your trail meal. They are organic and made of honey. They good and healthy. A+
I had gotten a box of Malher Hilachas style sauce from my mother and set it aside for a rainy day - well, today it rained. I mixed the package with water, added rice, some peppers, onion, chicken and potatoes and let it simmer. My entire family just loved it - even my picky grandson! Now, I want to find more!!!!
The box is very impressive. So I had high expectations (especially when it comes to chocolate).<br />The combination of chopped up nuts and small pieces of dark chocolate is brilliant - unlike anything I have tasted before. Amazing flavor - somewhere between velvet (chocolate) and crispy (nuts).  Made me feel almost relaxed... weired...<br />Yesterday, I had it for breakfast, instead of granola, with milk. It was really good. I didn't crave food and I didn't snack until mid-afternoon. I am impressed.
I have to agree with several other reviews here that state the "The Switch Orange Tangerine" is too sweet on it's own. I ended up making a cool summer drink out of the can that I tried - served over ice & mixed with soda water. It was fantastic! The soda water/ice mixture helps cut down on the sweetness and improves on the refreshment factor.<br /><br />A little more about "The Switch"... The can claims that this product is 100% Carbonated Juice with "No Sugar Added" and "No Preservatives". One can is 8.3 fluid ounces and provides 140 Calories. Total Sugars per can are 34g; 36g of carbs. One can provides 100% of the daily recommended dose of Vitamin C.<br /><br />That being said, I can't see myself drinking "The Switch" everyday. Even without preservatives and added sugars this drink still packs in a lot of sugar in every can. Though to be fair, I rarely drink soda or sweetened carbonated beverages. Still, for a nice alternative to the standard soda I recommend "The Swtich". The Tangerine flavor is reminiscent of Tang.
For those that want a more "natural" soft drink, this is a good option because it has no added sugars. It still manages to pack 140 calories in an 8oz bottle so don't drink this regularly if you're trying to lose weight. The taste has good complexity but like most fruit drinks, is a little too sweet for my taste. I would definitely drink this instead of a typical artificial orange soda though.
This sparkling juice drink has a decent and refreshing flavor, though somewhat reminiscent of the canned orange juice (can't remember the brand) I had once in awhile as a kid.<br /><br />It's a nice idea to have a soda that has no added sugar, though the juice combination isn't as impressive as the name might sound. This beverage contains a mix of the following juices (reconstituted with sparkling water): apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola. The beverage also includes gum acacia and soy.<br /><br />Despite the fact that there are no added sugars, the calorie and carb counts are quite high - in fact higher than an average soda. An 8.3 ounce can contains 140 calories and 36g carbs.
There are no surprises here. The label promises a perfect blend between juice and carbonation, and that is exactly what Switch delivers: a drink that tastes like carbonated orange juice. Those looking for a healthier alternative to soda will like that Switch contains 100% juice with no added sugar or corn syrup. Those looking for a tasty new carbonated beverage probably won't be impressed.<br /><br />At the time of this writing, Amazon isn't yet stocking Switch so I can't offer an opinion on whether or not I think the price is fair. I wouldn't expect to pay much more than orange juice for this drink, though, since there's nothing really original going on inside the can.
Here we have a refreshing drink, not one you'd want to drink three of in a row but just one for a picker-upper or to quench an urgent thirst.<br /><br />The flavor (orange-tangerine) is subject to peoples' personal tastes but I liked it okay. It's not the best drink I've ever tried but it's okay for something different. People will have to make their own choice as to whether to buy it or not in regard to the price.<br /><br />Unfortunately, either the manufacturer, the Amazon Vine people, or both, goofily (is there such a word...? if not, I just invented it) placed two useless stickers on the can which covered half of the nutrition facts on the can. There was plenty of space to put them elsewhere but some non-thinker failed to use his or her marketing sense. So all I can tell you on that topic is that there is a 1% sodium content, total carbs are 30 grams, and there are 140 calories per 8.3 ounce serving (1 can.)<br /><br />I wouldn't buy this product but that's chiefly because I normally drink only non-sugar beverages.
Not too sweet, not overly carbonated - can be best described as a good orange punch mixed with Perrier.  And while it is all natural, it is also reconstituted.<br /><br />And that's the rub, while tasty (tangerine is the most prevalent flavor with hints of white grape and a slight grapefuit finish), this is basically just expensive, carbonated juice.  Can size is the same as a Red Bull, 8.3 oz versus the industry standard 12 oz serving.<br /><br />Is more better? Not necessarily, but then again sometimes less is just less.  At approximately $2 per can, which category The Switch Orange Tangerine is, is for you to decide.
This tastes great and I like that it's more natural than most other sodas available. Basically, it's a carbonated juice.  I generally prefer a larger 12 oz. size though.
I enjoyed the taste... It is close to orange soda initially but then there is another sweet taste at the end of each sip.  But unlike orange soda, this is healthier and no added sugars.  Even though this product tastes like orange soda I think it would do well for breakfast.  It may even become preferred over traditional orange juice for children and for businesses that worry about short shelf life.  On the downside, the price is a little high for such a small can when buying 24.
I thought this would have a similar taste to another brand of carbonated juice on the market, called Izze, that has fewer calories, tastes better and costs less. However, Switch has a weird artificial aftertaste. It tastes like a blend between orange juice and orange soda, but not in a good way. Also, with 140 calories per serving (8.3 ounces) and 34 grams of sugar, you might as well drink soda- because this beverage it not any healthier and certainly not cheaper.
If you like the sort of carbonated fruit punch that you get at, e.g., office holiday parties (where alcohol is verboten), you'll probably like The Switch: It does have a nice, "fruity" taste (kind of a "sharp" orange -- perhaps the tangerine's influence, although probably more the apple juice), with a bit of a bite due to the carbonation.  If this were one of my options at, e.g., the Medusa-esque soda dispensers found at 7-11, I would definitely indulge occasionally and buy some.<br /><br />But an indulgence it is... and that's why I'm not planning on purchasing more from Amazon.  In particular:<br /><br />-- You're paying nearly a buck a can for a little more than a cup of soda.  Please.  I don't mind paying more for higher-quality goods, but at least make it a decent value for the money... make it 12oz.<br />-- Calorically it's not a great value, having around half-again as many calories per once as Coca Cola does.  If you're some teen who can eat whatever you want, this doesn't matter... but for those of us who aren't blessed with such metabolisms... well... the calories are better "spent" elsewhere.  The "no sugar added!" bit is somewhere between annoying and downright misleading: The "all natural" sugar that's coming from the fruit juices is no better nor worse for you than, e.g., regular old cane sugar like better traditional soft drinks have.<br /><br />So, in brief, yes, it is quite tasty, but it's really not a good deal for your pocketbook nor your health unless consumed only on special occasions.<br /><br />P.S. -- My wife tried some as well, and didn't like it as much; she tasted some of the unpleasant "metallic" tastes that others here have mentioned.
While Switch Orange is VERY orangey, it also tastes of something else interesting. It's fizzy (but not, in my opinion, excessively so) and tasty, and I'd consider buying it. I seldom buy or drink soft drinks or sodas; I just don't care for all the fizz burning my nose. Switch didn't do that. Hurray!!!
Hubby and I both shared the dring and we both liked it.  I really liked the fact that there was no added sugar in this drink.  It's a nice combination of flavors.  I found it a little too carbonated but he thought it was just right.<br /><br />I would buy it if it came in a larger can. Hence only 4 stars. I think this can is too small.  Too much aluminum thrown out.  I recyle everything but most people I know just toss it.  Otherwise I would buy this drink.
I drink too much soda. I've started looking for alternatives and one of the things I've tried is switch. I first tried it because while it's like an orange soda, it's really carbonated juice.<br /><br />I like:<br />-The carbonation<br />-The flavor<br />-all juice<br />-no added sugar, no high fructose corn syrup<br />-no artificial flavors or colors<br /><br />I don't like:<br />-The small can (8oz)<br />-The flavor took a can to get used to it. It's a mixture of orange, apple, tangarene, grape, and Acerola juice. (Acerola is a fruit high in vitamin C, so I assume that's why it's used.) If you don't expect exactly orange soda, the flavor grows on you quickly.<br /><br />If I really want a cola, Switch isn't good enough to be my replacement. But it's a very easy replacement for an orange soda. I can't wait to try some of the other flavors. I usually really like black cherry drinks and I'm interested in seeing what fruit juices they use in that one!
It is so hard to find a nice juice drink that is either too sugary or, even worse, has additives like artificial sweeteners. The Switch Orange Tangerine delivers on flavor. If you like juice and want a full-flavored orangy-carbonated fizzy drink, this one fits the bill. Very good!
Refreshing and light.  A little on the sweet side but not overly sweet.  I enjoyed the orange flavor!
I am not one for "canned" juice drinks, but this one was exceptional in flavor. I am also not a big fan of orange flavored drinks but the tangerine is distinctive and nice.  It kind of reminded me of one of my favorite soft drinks in the world, Ting (from Jamaica) which is made from real grapefruit juice. Very nice, if you need more Vitamin C in your life I would consider buying it.
I split this can with my spouse.  I would have given it 2 stars, he gave it 3.  Nice idea, 100% carbonated juice, but the taste is pretty mild.  Not really what I would call refreshing.  Good idea, though, I would try it in other flavors.
Although some may like this drink, it will not be a repeat buy for me.  140 calories for an 8+ oz serving is too much when that amount of orange juice is 115.  Actually this drink isn't 100% orange/tangerine juice, but a mix of juices.  Secondly, if this were unaltered juice, seems you wouldn't have to add ascorbic acid to get 100% of your daily Vitamin C since that amount of orange juice naturally provides over 150%. Perhaps the processing requires it. But, alas, the biggest issue for me was taste.  It tasted to me like dishwashing liquid smells.<br /><br />On the good side, the carbonization is just right and the flavor is bold for those who seek that.  There is no sugar added and the non-traditional taste is not overly sweet.  The taste may appeal to some, but I'm not a fan.
No caffeine, no high fructose corn syrup, 100% juice, nothing artificial. What's not to like?<br /><br />I hate to write anything negative because I don't want to discourage development of any products that avoid HFCS. But, to be honest, The Switch Orange Tangerine doesn't smell very good. If you're familiar with Airborne Cold Remedy, well, it smells like that. I think I was expecting a fragrance like Tang instant beverage. I certainly didn't expect it to smell like it does. It's not all that bad, it's just not real good.<br /><br />I also think this product would actually taste better if it weren't carbonated.<br /><br />The calories are about the same as a typical soda. But they're fruit juice calories instead of HFCS, so that's a big plus in my book.
Everyone at my house, even my mother-in-law, enjoyed this drink.  It tastes very much like a quality soda, but is made with 100% real juice.  Small cans mean you don't consume a lot of calories at once, because although this is healthier than regular soda, you shouldn't drink too much -- it's still a lot of sugar.
With all-natural ingredients and mostly real fruit juice, I'm not expecting this drink to taste like soda, punch, or anything like that, but I when I tasted it, I felt myself wanting more. I could really taste the orange-flavor coming though, but they somehow missed me on the tangerine side. Tangerines are very sweet, so I was expecting that to be the predominant flavor, but instead what I tasted was mostly orange, which left a somewhat sour/bitter aftertaste in my mouth. This drink wasn't bad, but given a choice, I'd rather drink orange juice or tangerine juice with seltzer. I don't see how this drink improves beyond that. Switch's other available flavors tasted much better, so in some ways this was a disappointment.
I didn't like this carbonated juice.  Although it appears to be all juice (not artificial flavors) it tastes somewhat artificial.  Perhaps it tastes more like canned orange juice (which tastes NOTHING like REAL orange juice)!  I fully expected to like this as I do like fizzy fruit juice drinks.  This one did not do it for me.
Perfect size can and a refreshing drink. I think it's proof that simple is best. This would be my first choice for a drink if I were out and about.
I like the taste of this drink in many ways it takes me back to my childhood with the orange ice lollies I used to eat as it has a similar flavour. The thing you should be aware of is that although it has no added sugar because it has so much fruit juice it does have a lot of calories.  I also found that the can needed to be bigger as I wanted more at the end!
Yeah it's gluten free and whatever, but unless that's a really big issue for you and you're having trouble finding sugary drinks to enjoy on your gluten-free diet, there's no real draw to this drink over say, orange fanta or any number of other carbonated juice type drinks. I thought it was massively overly sweet, and I have something of a sweet tooth. The orange flavor wasn't particularly authentic or delicious, and it left a sour aftertaste. I got a free sample this time, and I cannot see actually paying money to buy this product again. On an environmental note, packaging and shipping these things in tiny little cans makes for more waste, and I don't appreciate that either. Not a fan.
Switch definitely managed to keep its carbonated juice drink's intended flavor fresh. Though just a combination of sparkling water, the juice concentrates of several fruits (including apples, grapes and oranges) and, oddly enough, soy, it definitely maintains its taste of tangerine.<br /><br />I'd love to see what other flavors Switch has to offer, with my only hesitation coming from "natural flavors and colors." But, hey, I'm willing to grant them a little leeway in that department thanks to the NO HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP!
It's very refreshing to find products without sugar added, but make no mistake, this tiny can still packs a solid 34 grams of sugar, enough to give you an energy rush followed by the typical adrenal fatigue crash.  Perhaps you can sip just a few ounces every few hours to avoid the crash?<br /><br />The flavor is very good and will tempt you to chug the whole can in one quick drink.  Not exactly a health drink, but it's a nice improvement over the usual junk sold as a soft drink.
Nice alternative.  Very lightly carbonated.  I'd say if a normal carbonated drink ranges from 80 to 100 on the fizzy scale, this one's about an 11.<br /><br />At 26 grams, it's still a lot of sugar (mostly from apple and grape juice, I think).  I'll order a case just 'cuz I thought it was good and I'm calling it 4 stars - but honestly, I'd rather have it 50% splenda or stevia sweetened.
I was surprised at the ingredient list and "100% natural" stamped on the side, because this drink tasted just like a compeletely artifical energy drink. This is going to be a short review for me, because I don't really have much else to say. I could barely tell it was orange, because as with energy drinks it just tastes like an amalgamation of fruits. My wife was especially confused- she gets sick at the smell of drinks like Monster, and she had the exact same reaction here.<br /><br />I know this isn't an energy drink, but for the life of me, I just can't reconcile the taste with the ingredients. If you're the sort of person who drinks some fresh fruit juice and thinks "I really wish this tasted more like a completely artifical enegry drink instead of natural fruit juice", then this is the product you've been dreaming of.
At 22.99 for a pack of 24 cans of Switch orange Tangerine, you're paying about 96 cents per can. Is it worth it? Not really. First of all, you drink juice for health reasons. Vitamins, frutose over corn syrup and the like. Carbonating beverages generally aren't considered good for you, so it's odd that the two would be mixed.<br /><br />Besides the carbonation, and the aluminum can (which has been proved can lead to Alzheimer's) there's a lot of deceptive marketing going on. The can claims that Switch is 100% juice, but it's not actually 100% Orange and Tangerine juice. In fact, the drink is mostly apple and grape juice. You can taste this instantly, along with the metallic tang of being in a can. This is done because both of those juices are quite cheap in comparison to orange and tangerine. So really, you're getting more a a carbonated fruit punch then an orange tangerine drink.<br /><br />You're also gettinbg "Natural flavours and colours" which kind of kills the whole "100% juice" claim.<br /><br />With a taste that is both metallic and not really resembling the flavours it claims, I can't really recommend this product, You can generally buy boxed 100% juice for less, which contains more flavour, no aluminum and no carbonation.
I didn't really like the taste of this product much.  It has an artificial taste to me, even though it is juice and water.  It is a carbonated drink and it somewhat reminded me of the taste of baby aspirin, although not quite that bad.  I did drink the whole can.  The 8.3 oz can is narrow, compared to the 12 oz soda can you are used to seeing.<br /><br />The can says it is 100% juice, 100% RDA Vitamin C, all natural with no sugar added, no corn syrup, no preservatives, no artificial colors, and gluten free.  The nutrition box indicates (for the entire 8.3 oz can) 15mg sodium, 36g carbs, 34 g sugar, Vitamin C 100 %, Vitamin A 20%.<br /><br />The ingredients are as follows and are listed in the following order: 100% juice (filtering sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates, apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola juice concentrates), gum acacia, natural flavors and colors, ascorbic acid (Vitamin C). Contains soy. (First ingredient listed is supposed to be the one there is the most of.)<br /><br />You may wonder why I spent so much time on the ingredients.  Well, if you don't read labels, you really should start.  Some products may taste really good but may be full of nasty things you really do not want your children to eat (or yourself).  The term, gluten free, for example is VERY important to those who have gluten intolerance.<br /><br />Kudos to the manufacturer for making a healthier product and I would have liked to have given this flavor a better review, but the taste was not there for me.  The black cherry flavor has a lot better taste.<br /><br />Still, if you are looking for a seemingly healthier beverage to pack in your child's lunch, this could be worth a try.  Think of it as a flavored carbonated water.  I gave it 3 stars because it is not unhealthy and it is not bad - just not something I like the taste of.<br /><br />I would sooner put this product in a child's lunch than a soda.  My daddy used to put soda on the car's battery terminals to dissolve the acid :-(
After taking my first sip of Switch Orange/Tangerine, I raised a suspicious eyebrow because it didn't taste the way I expected it to. Then it dawned on me that my mouth was prepared for more of a fake, amped-up "Orange" soda, but what I was tasting was real, natural juice. Yes, I knew that from the label, but that's not the same as experiencing it.<br /><br />The taste was a nice blend of orange and tangerine, not too sweet, and the carbonation adds a nice touch. A bit like a non-alcoholic Mimosa cocktail.<br /><br />My only reservation is that the calorie count is (perhaps unavoidably) too high for me to drink this on a regular basis - though let me be quick to point out that this is a "no sugar added" product. For those who aren't counting calories, a nice refreshing "Switch" from soft drinks!
This drink is a nice blend of juices (mostly orange) and carbonated water.  There are no other ingredients.  It has a decent amount of natural sugars from the juice, so it is not a low-calorie drink.  I thought the balance of flavors and sweetness was quite nice and would definitely buy again.
In the Beginning there was Fruit Juice, and there was Soda Pop, and never the twain should meet... unless you mixed them yourself. But then somebody got the Great Idea -- when reconstituting fruit juice after Pasteurization, why not reconstitute it with carbonated water? Thus was born...<br /><br />Soda Juice!<br /><br />And I tasted it, and it was Good! Frankly, I found Black Cherry, Kiwi Berry, and Watermelon Strawberry pretty similar in taste, Orange Tangerine more distinctly tart, but I enjoyed all of them.<br /><br />In the cans you have 5 other flavor choices: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG940E">The Switch Black Cherry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH2C">The Switch Fruit Punch, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG943G">The Switch Grape, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH40">The Switch Kiwi Berry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH54">The Switch Watermelon Strawberry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>.<br /><br />Since virtually nothing is added, the slight nutritional differences must be due to the characteristics of the different juices being used. Fruit Punch, Orange Tangerine, and Watermelon Strawberry have the highest calories, 140; Kiwi Berry is next, 135; Black Cherry is next, 130; and Grape has the lowest, 125.  Orange Tangerine and Watermelon Strawberry have the highest total carbohydrates, 36g; Black Cherry and Fruit Punch are next, 35g; Kiwi Berry is next, 34g; and Grape has the lowest, 33g. Finally Watermelon Strawberry has the highest sugars, 35g; Fruit Punch and Orange Tangerine are next, 34g; Black Cherry and Kiwi Berry are next, 33g, and Grape is the lowest, 32g.<br /><br />Note: all of these are fruit juice blends so those with fruit juice health concerns need to be aware of more than just the title juice. All contain acerola, apple, and grape juice. In addition to their title juices Kiwi Berry contains raspberry and strawberry, and Fruit Punch contains cherry, lemon, and pineapple.  Orange Tangerine also contains soy.<br /><br />Compare and Contrast: a similar product is worth considering: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYY1E">Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice, Apple, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYXYW">Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice, Blackberry, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014X5O1C">Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice, Clementine, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYXTC">Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice, Grapefruit, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>, and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYXQK">Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice, Pomegranate, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>.  The difference? The Izze products are fortified with vitamins: B6 and Niacin in addition to C and have roughly three fifths the calories, total carbohydrates, and sugars of The Switch products.
Switch Orange/Tangerine is billed as the natural alternative to sodas and/or artificially-sweetened juice drinks.  However, I found it to be pretty ordinary.<br /><br />First the good stuff: It is 100% Orange & Tangerine juice, has no sweetners, is 100% natural, has 100% of your daily allowance of Vitamin C, and has a nice carbonation tang to it.  If you are health conscious and want to drink something like a soda w/o actually drinking a soda, this would probably be right down your alley.<br /><br />However, I found the taste to be somewhat... odd.  I could definitely taste the tangerine in it mixed with the orange, but the combination of the two or the bottling or something gives this Switch a taste akin to eating an orange that is ALMOST too ripe.  You know that kind of fermented taste of an orange that you need to eat NOW because by tomorrow you'll need to put out for the birds?  Not exactly something that I'd look forward to drinking.<br /><br />So for me, although this was somewhat good, its not exactly something I would get again.  I'm not really a health nut so if I wanted an orange soda, I'd just go out and get an Orange Crush.
This drink contends to be a natural alternative to soda.  While it definitely is "natural", I would not agree with the "alternative to soda" aspect.  Specifically, the liquid is much closer in consistency to juice, and in fact, has more sugar than juice (over 30 grams per 8.3 ounces).  Sure, it's lightly carbonated, but that alone doesn't make this drink a soda.  Also, if you wanted something natural, I'd go with Hansen's sodas, or a number of natural sodas, which are definitely sodas.  This drink is basically juice with carbonation.<br /><br />The other notable issue I had with this was its size.  8.3 oounces doesn't get you far (3 gulps, maybe?), and coupled with the thickness of the drink (since it IS juice, with quite a bit of natural sugar), you don't get very much thirst quenching effect from this.  The 100% juice also accounts for the strong aftertaste.<br /><br />Finally, natural sugar is still sugar, and has just as many calories.  This stuff wouldn't make the cut in most school vending policies, with its high sugar content.  And I wouldn't give this to my kids.  Instead, a couple of CapriSun Roaring Waters juice pouches (which each have about 1/4 the amount of sugar) would do the trick for them.<br /><br />Not recommended, sorry.
I'm not sure what I expected - maybe something thin and bubbly - but Switch delivers a rich, full orange-tangerine flavor.<br />It's got a lot more flavor, and good flavor at that, and a bit less carbonation than other carbonated fruit drinks.<br />An 8 ounce can has 140 calories, no fat, 15mg of sodium, 35 grams of carbs, 34 grams of sugar (they claim no sugar added), and no protein. It also contains 100% of your daily requirement of Vitamin C and 20% mdr of Vitamin A.<br />I tried it chilled with breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed it.
This product is like orange juice that is fizzy. It reminds me of another product, Izze , but this product is slightly sweeter and isn't as carbonated as Izze. I would recommend this product, just make sure it is cold because it tasted alot better cold than warm.
I put my Orange Switch in the refrigerator overnight to make it nice and cold, and I had it with breakfast.  I love the taste of it - mostly orange, with a hint of carbonation.  It tastes sweet naturally and I'm sure it's good for you.  I would buy this product  :-)
It really is!  I am not a fan of carbonated drinks because most of them are simply not healthy.  I even know people who have developed physical problems because of too much consumption of them, especially those who even drink them as a starter in the morning.<br /><br />BUT THIS ONE IS DIFFERENT. It has a real full-bodied orange/ tangerine flavor, although the label says it is combined with other juice concentrates:  apple, grape and acerola juice (I had to look that one up:  it is the cherrylike fruit of a small tree of the West Indies which has a high concentration of vitamin C).  Anyway, it's just darned good!<br /><br />I experimented a little on the best way to serve.  I drank it cold as is, then poured it over a glass of ice cubes.  Neither of those ways seemed quite right.  Then I poured the beverage on ice, left it for a minute, then removed the ice by pouring juice through a strainer.  This left it nice and chilled, not just cold, and not weakened by melting ice.<br /><br />I live in the Colorado Desert where temperatures are scorching in the summers.  Orange juice doesn't quite quench my almost constant thirst, but has been the best thing available to me until now.  Yes, I will definitely SWITCH TO SWITCH, forgive the pun!<br /><br />It's actually good for you too.  Hope one day it will be in ALL schools.
This was a weird drink - I had high expectations, but the flavor was just odd - it really did taste like fizzy Tang drink mix.  However, my kids really liked it, and I think it is a great alternative to junky soda, so I will most likely buy more - but not for ME to drink.  ;)
It is a good thing the can is so small. The product is several cuts below Sunny Delight. Terrible!
It may be all natural but it didn't have a natural taste to me.  The can size is small and the calories were more than I thought there should be.  I like the mild carbonation ok but I wouldn't switch from orange juice.
I had to try this Orange Tangerine flavor because I had tried the watermelon/strawberry and didn't like it very much, but wanted to give this company another shot. I do prefer this Orange tangerine; it has a nice citrus flavor with that carbonated fizzy on the tongue sensation. I give it a 3, better then the watermelon/strawberry and on ice I drank the whole can.
I liked it!<br /><br />Didn't know what to expect.  It has a variety of fruit juices such as apple, orange and grape, but clearly had a strong orange taste.  I liked the fact there was no added sweeteners such as HFC or sugar.  I'm not a pop/soda drinker, but I think if I served this instead of the traditional orange stuff in a 2 liter people wouldn't notice the difference.<br /><br />It's a bit pricy for orange soda and I'm sure orange juice would be better, but if you are looking for something healthier, this one's for you.
This is a very good tasting carbonated juice drink that makes a great alternative to soda.  There is not an overload of carbonation.  Just enough to make it taste more like orange soda.<br /><br />It's made with 100% juice (more apple and grape than orange, surprisingly), it has 100% RDA Vitamin C, it's all natural with no sugar added, no corn syrup, no preservatives, no artificial colors, and it's gluten free.<br /><br />The flavor of the drink I tested was called orange tangerine, and it was an 8.3 fl. oz. can, with 140 calories and 34 grams of sugar.<br /><br />The only reason I didn't give it five stars was that I really cannot picture myself paying for it.  It's rather expensive in comparison to the orange juice I buy at the grocery store, and if I want an alternative to regular soda I would go with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HTIR6C">Blue Sky Jamaican Ginger Ale, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)</a>.  Now, THAT is good!  However, if you're looking for an orange-flavored soda-substitute THIS is your product.  100% juice; how could you go wrong.
With the new fad of making sodas that are good for you too, we have plenty to choose from in the drink isle. Switch's Orange Tangerine has a great taste, a fruity nose and is refreshing. But with the same calorie content [140] as a can of Coke - well, I'm sticking with Coke. Had Switch produced this product calorie-free like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00247D46E">Nutrisoda Immune, Tangerine & Lime, 12Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a> it would gain a greater market share with established soda drinkers. While Switch offers 100% RDA of vitamin C, the Nutrisodas pack on extras without padding our bodies.
I didn't read the label before I tried the drink, so I was a little surprised by the carbonation.  It had a tangy flavor which was possibly enhanced somewhat by the carbonation.  However, I've been a long-time drinker of the Tropicana Orange-Tangerine juice and Switch is simply not as good, IMHO.  If I wasn't already a Tropicana drinker, I might be interested in the Switch version of Orange-Tangerine, but I'm not going to "switch".  Sorry for the pun.
On the plus side, they get the flavor and carbonation right here.  One fears a Tang taste, but it's more subtle than that and the bubbles are likewise discrete enough that it's no Fizzy-Lifting Drink.<br /><br />On the downside though, one would prefer a sharper after taste to the sort of syrupy way it stays on the tongue.
This is a very refreshing carbonated juice drink with no aftertaste.  I love the flavor and the fact that there is no added sugar.  It's more subtle than orange so really kills a thirst.  The size is perfect for times when you don't really want a 12 ounce drink.
It's a refreshing drink when served cold. A bit sweet when warm. A little tart, but tolerably so.<br /><br />The flavor is less orange than tangerine, yet I can distinguish several different "layers" of citrus in it, including the orange. It's an interesting sensation.<br /><br />I am a little bugged by the fact that an 8.3oz can (2/3rd-size) manages to pack more junk calories in than a full-sized can of cola. It's also supposed to be 100% juice, but reconstituted grape juice is practically pure sugar and there are "natural flavors" noted in the ingredients list as well as a soy warning which to me implies some sort of MSG, probably added with the citric acid.<br /><br />So, maybe it's not an especially healthy beverage. It's still tasty and provides a diversion from more typical sodas.
Bottled like an energy drink, Switch, doesn't contain the things you'd find in other carbonated beverages. There's no sugar, no caffeine, no corn syrup, no preservatives or artificial colors.<br /><br />Instead, what you get is a refreshing, all-natural, lightly carbonated tangerine-orange drink loaded with Vitamin C. Think of it as orange soda without all the things you don't want. Switch has just the right amount of carbonation to make the beverage refreshing without being filling.<br /><br />It's a zippy beverage made with real tangerine, apple, and grape juices, and would make a refreshing beverage, lunch, dinner, or snack-time drink.<br /><br />There was a slight aftertaste that I'm chalking up to either the can or the citrus, but it didn't get in the way of enjoying the drink.<br /><br />Make the "switch" to Switch.
There is gum acacia in the list of ingredients.  Not sure if it adds anything to the flavor.  The orange and tangerine flavors do come through the fixx.  It seems to be a bit sweeter than orange juice.  Have achieved more satisfying and natural tasting fizzy juice drink by adding sparkling water to OJ.
I _really_ like this drink.  My only complaint is that I'd need to drink 2-3 cans at a time -- 8.3oz is a wee bit on the petite side for me.<br /><br />If it came in a 20oz can, I'd be much more likely to buy it, and the packaging would be much less costly.<br /><br />Really tasty product, though, and I've got no quarrels with the ingredients.  Yum.
Boy, I really loved this drink.<br /><br />It tastes much like orange soda, only with no oddball aftertaste.  It's plenty sweet, but the sweetening is so naturally orangey that it doesn't seem overpowering like a coke can.  It's much smoother and easier to swallow than a conventional soda, with carbonation that is plenty strong, but not quite as strong as a can of Crush.<br /><br />It's a drink that is subtle not only in tone but in flavor.  You can taste the various other fruits mixed in with the tangerine and orange, but it's still very much an orange drink with no fruit punch aspirations.<br /><br />It tastes perfect, and there's no doubt that someone carefully went crazy saying 'too much!'  'not enough!' to every little facet of the drink before it was just right.<br /><br />No corn syrup or other bad additives.  At 36 carbs per 8.3 ounce serving, it's still got quite a lot of sugar in it.  If you're looking for an orange soda style drink that is really just carbonated juice, this is the best possible product I am quite sure.
I enjoyed this drink.  It has a tangy citrus flavor which tasted a little less orangy than I expected, but was still good.  I liked the carbonation in the juice - it was about the right amount for me.  The drink has about the same calories as a regular soda, but I feel better about drinking it because of the natural ingredients.  The drink does not have the syrupy feel of a traditional orange soda which is a bonus.  This is definitely a lighter tasting, very refreshing drink.  The only reason for reducing the star value by one was because of the price which is a bit extravagant for me.  I recommend this drink.
Silly me, I didn't read the packaging terribly closely. I was actually rather pleasantly surprised. Basically, it's carbonated fruit juice from concentrate, or as they say: "100% juice (filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates, apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola [cherry] juice concentrates)."<br /><br />Gone is the usual second ingredient in such beverages: "high fructose corn syrup" or the old standby "sugar"...<br /><br />Basically, it reminds me of a carbonated version of Tropicana Pure or one of the Odwalla beverages, watered down just slightly (not quite as sugary, but still pretty darned sweet).<br /><br />Overall, I rather liked it. It's a bit smaller than your typical Pepsi or Coca-cola can. But I could see it being handy for kids' lunches and such. Slightly better than typical "soda" with corn syrup. Though I'm not sure whether it would be preferable to straight up fruit juice...<br /><br />Personally, I'd rather have the fruit juice (like a Hansen's smoothie or something, granted they're a bit sugarier)... But some folks like carbonated beverages. So, why not make one out of actual fruit juices rather than all sorts of more artificial stuff?<br /><br />Rather liked the Orange Tangerine one. I'm interested now to try some of the other flavors and see if they're as good. Especially <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH40">Kiwi Berry</a>... But possibly also <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH54">Watermelon Strawberry</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH2C">Fruit Punch</a>.
The biggest argument I have with Switch is that at a hair under $1 for each 8.3 oz can, it's awfully expensive.  I probably could overlook that if Switch was really, really delicious, but frankly it's not.  The orange-tangerine blend lacks the zip and character of those citrus fruits, particularly tangerine and its delicate sweetness.<br /><br />Instead, there's a heavy taste of the apple-grape combination of juices that forms the fruit base.  There's no added sugar, no high fructose corn syrup or any other sweeteners save the apple and grape concentrates, and that's fine, I'd prefer my juice to not have added sweeteners.  In my opinion, juice doesn't need to be sweetened.  I suspect that the fruit concentrate combo is cheaper than making the drink out of pure citrus juice, so I wonder why it's as expensive as it is.<br /><br />What makes me scratch my head is the notation "Contains soy."  What?  Why?  Why on earth put soy in a fruit juice cooler?  Honestly, I'd buy some seltzer or carbonated water of some sort and mix it with my own fruit juice before I'd buy Switch.  But if you'd rather have it pre-made, then by all means give it a try.  It's decent enough, just not my glass of juice.
Switch does not taste like carbonated juice.  It tastes like overly sweet orange soda, which may or may not be a positive for you.  The 8.3 ounce can contains 34 grams of sugar.  I did not like the taste, my husband thought it was okay.<br /><br />The reason I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 is because it does not have any preservatives, added sugars, or high fructose corn syrup.  It does however contain soy, so if you are allergic or concerned about GMO soy, then you may want to avoid this drink.<br /><br />If you are looking for a natural, sweet, carbonated beverage, I would recommend OOBA Hibiscus drink over this.
This is almost the kind of fruit soda I'd make if I were going into this business. The difference is that I'd go the Odwalla route and not use reconstituted juice concentrate and only use orange/tangerine juices. Since it's a carbonated beverage I'd probably use a stabilizer too so it wouldn't have to be shaken before drinking. That would result in a higher price, though not sure how much higher than the almost $1/can price it's being offered as a grocery item (imagine the price in a vending machine).<br /><br />For this product the first ingredient is apple juice and the second is grape juice, then comes the tangerine and orange juice and finally acerola juice (a fruit high in Vitamin C and apparently popular in Puerto Rico and Barbados).  There's acacia gum (as a stabilizer probably, don't want to have to shake a carbonated drink) and then additional natural colors and flavors, ascorbic acid and soy.<br /><br />My 13yo daughter and I shared a can and liked the taste.  On a par with Orangina. My personal preference would be for a little more carbonation, but this was ok. I'm a traditionalist so I definitely prefer a 12oz. can, the quantity at this price makes me feel a little ripped, but then, I prefer to make my own lemonade in the blender adding in some raspberries or strawberries or mint to vary the flavor.  Cheers!
If you're looking for a healthy alternative to your favorite orange soda, this might be a good choice for you.<br /><br />This is one of the better tasting Switch flavors, although it still tastes a bit like a flat orange Faygo or Slice drink.  It's good, but there's a bit of an aftertaste to watch out for.  It doesn't give you that weird filled up feeling that carbonated beverages seem to have, but if you're looking for some refreshment on a hot summer day (90+ degrees where I live as I write this), I'd stick to tried-and-true Kool-Aid instead.<br /><br />Decent, and a good orange soda alternative, but not life changing.
"No Sugar Added"<br />"No Preservatives"<br />"100% Juice Carbonated"<br />"All Natural"<br /><br />But it tastes just like soda . . .<br /><br />If you are a soda-lovers, but want a healthier alternative, this may be just the ticket. It's an especially great product for kids, because they really think they are getting soda, but without all the added sugars!
My daughter thinks this tastes like Sunkist Orange Soda, my grandson likes it and drank the rest of it (most of the can).  I thought it was okay (by I am not a fan of orange sodas); I would undoubtedly like it better in another flavor, like Grape, or Fruit Punch, or Kiwi Berry.<br />I think this is, of course, a much healthier alternative to any regular soda. And judging from my dautgher's and my grandson's experience with it, it would be hit with most kids.
Switch is a tangy drink that's more reminiscent of Sprite than Orange Juice. It's carbonated all the way and you will even burp after it as you would've after consuming any soft drink. The drink doesn't feel sugary, but a quick glance at the nutritional facts reveals that each can contains 34 grams of sugar. The claim on the can is that there are no additional sugars added, so I'm assuming that's the sugar from the orange and tangerine. The can
In proportion this drink is about equal to a regular soda in calories and sugar content, but I would prefer a regular soda than this stuff. There is a slight citrus taste, but mainly from acidity and a horrible after taste of metal and sickly sweetness that lingers for several minutes after wards.<br /><br />Soda water with natural juice should be a refreshing, pleasant, and nice refreshment, but none of these traits are in this drink.<br /><br />I would be embarrassed to serve this beverage to anyone I liked for any occasion, but would consider giving it to people I really didn't care for to see their reaction.<br /><br />Avoid this one. Orange Crush or a different orange soda diluted with soda water would taste far better or soda water and regular orange juice would also be a treat that puts this nasty stuff to shame.
Our family, wife, 2 year old and 4 year old, have had other Switch sodas in the past, and liked them quite a bit. They had a bit  of an apple flavor overrode the main That's definitely not true for the Orange & Tangerine. It tastes almost like fresh squeezed orange juice with bubbles. Far better than Orangina or orange soda.<br /><br />My kids kept asking for more sips of the soda throughout dinner, and we all have enjoyed it. I appreciate that there's no caffeine, and it's all natural, so I have no problem giving it to my kids. I'd definitely recommend buying the soda, we'll keep some around the house regularly.
4 Stars is a compromise between my rating of 2 and my grandchildren's rating of 5 stars.  I thought the flavor was too heavy on the apple/grape juice combo and light on the orange/tangerine flavor.  Also, it left a mild, canned aftertaste.  But my 9-year-old granddaughters loved it and consider it a treat equal to soda.  It is 100% juice concentrate which has been reconstituted with carbonated water, so it is much healthier for them than regular soda.  While it is true it still has sugar, natural sugars from the juices are healthier than processed sugars found in soft drinks. The can I was sent contained 8.3 ounces which is a better size for them than a regular 12 ounce can of soda.  For children, this is a tasty and healthy alternative.
This is a decent flavored carbonated juice.  It's 100% juice which is good for the more health conscious people.  It tastes pretty good, sweet and a little tangy.  But the flavor does fall short.  Like some reviewers have said, the drink tastes more like a punch than pure orange or tangerine juice.  Do yourself a favor, if you want orange flavored soda, then go for an orange flavored soda.  If you want tangerine, then buy tangerine.  The infusion of both flavors really causes both flavors to fall short slightly short.
I don't know how to describe 'Switch Orange Tangerine' without sounding like a cliche advertising slogan, but the truth is it REALLY IS very refreshing.  Just the right amount of carbonation too.  This stuff tastes like what you would get if you squeezed part tangerine and part orange and then poured in a bit of sparkling soda.  Very fresh tasting.  Not too sweet at all.  The label says there is no sugar added.  Fine, as it doesnt need any.  The label also says it has Apple and Grape juice. I taste mostly the tangerine myself but you may find your mileage varies.  Finally, it is supposed to give you a full days worth of vitamin C.  Ok,a LOT of drinks can do that nowdays, but without any refined sugar of high fructose corn syrup? (or artificial sweetener?)  I could totally see replacing my orange soda with this stuff.  I have not seen this in the market yet, but I would be willing to try other flavors and add Switch to the many beverages I enjoy.  Really, for a fruit drink, it is pretty darn good!
There's nothing wrong with this drink, but it really just tastes like any other orange soda.  Kudos to The Switch for not adding artificial flavors, sugar, or corn syrup, though.  It tastes pretty clean and refreshing, but a bit expensive for what it is.<br /><br />Don't let the small-sized can (8.3oz) fool you, this isn't an energy drink, it's just an orange soda.
Like the SWITCH beverage I previously reviewed, this is a moderately tasty drink.  The balance of the carbonation and the fruit juice is decent enough, giving more of a tickle to the tongue than the rush of bubbles that soda usually gives.  It's definitely a lot more like juice than soda, which goes against its purpose of being a replacement for soda.  Overall, it's pretty drinkable, but I would never seek this beverage out.  There are better juices, and there are better sodas.<br /><br />One major plus, though, was that it wasn't as thick and syrupy as the Watermelon/Strawberry SWITCH.<br /><br />6/10
I was really looking forward to this beverage, as I love tangerine juice and the thought the combination of orange, tangerine and carbonated water would make for a great soda.<br /><br />I have to say, it is different, but not what I expected. While it was different than a typical orange soda, I didn't find it THAT different, either in sweetness or taste. I probably prefer it to traditional orange sodas and I believe it to be vastly superior to many supposedly "natural" sodas, but I was surprised how similar it really is to artificially-flavored drinks. A bit more (maybe a lot more) orange and tangerine juice would be good.
I have always been a fan of premium beverages and sodas. I will never buy Pepsi or Coke products. At a minimum I will by Jones because they use pure cane sugar. I really enjoyed getting to try this product, and I am actually going on now to start ordering it on a regular basis.<br /><br />You can really tell the difference between "pop" and juice with sparkling water. It is a bit on the sweet side, and I did not think they needed to add the extra juice flavors to make it just right. However this is a great product, good size for individual servings, and it arrived in good packaging by amazon.
If you like Orange Crush you may become a fan, but it's too much of a hybrid for me. The main two ingredients are reconstituted apple and grape juices. It contains something called Acerola juice, which is high in Vitamin C (and indeed the can contains 100% of your C and 20% of your A).<br /><br />The sugar content is high---34 grams---which brings the carb percentage up to 12% for the day and the calorie count to 140. I think it tastes too acidic for anyone who is watching carbs and calories to be willing to "spend" them on Switch, which almost tastes like carbonated TANG.  I've tried the Ooba drinks, and they are much lighter and more refreshing. Guess I'm just not ready to make the Switch!
If you're a regular drinker of orange soda-pop, you might like this Switch orange tangerine carbonated juice beverage.  I thought the flavor was very good and appreciated that it was only mildly carbonated, not so fizzy that I had gas after drinking it.  At 140 calories per small serving, however, this isn't something I would regularly drink.  It's much healthier to eat whole fruit since it's more filling that simply drinking the extracted juice, in part because of the fiber associated with eating whole foods.  Still, this is a healthier option for those who regularly drink sugared sodas.
My impression of the Switch beverage was good overall.<br /><br />I was curious to see how good it would be.  After all, its not difficult to add some club soda to your own orange juice for an identical benefit at a lower price.<br /><br />The taste is fairly good.  It is heavy on the "tangerine" flavor.  Its a bit syrupy, with a high carbonation typical of many European drinks I've had.<br /><br />The juices that comprise this beverage, in order of quantity, are:<br />Apple<br />Grape<br />Tangerine<br />Orange<br />Acerola Cherry<br /><br />Needless to say, I think it would be difficult to mimic the exact flavor at home, due to the mix of the 5 juices they have.  Overall, you probably will be pleased with the drink.  Certainly, the canned beverage is more convenient than mixing your own, which is impossible if you are on the go.<br /><br />I will probably be buying more of this product, however, I did not find the flavor to be so compelling that I would recommend it heartily to a friend.
I am a die hard soda pop fan. I will drink juice but normally only certain brands or with a little soda (7up or Sprite) mixed in to kill the after-taste and to sweeten it up a bit.<br /><br />Well this is better that even that mix without the bad stuff from the soda. It has a crisp, clean orange taste with a nice tangerine undertone that continues through the after-taste. It is effortless to drink and doesn't make you feel sluggish afterwords. It is hard to describe other than to say they got it right. No extra sugar, yet it is very sweet, but not too sweet.<br /><br />I shared my can with my wife and she agreed with my comments 100%. We both we were sad that we only got the one little can to review and not the entire case!<br /><br />While I am not sure it could replace my Coke, it sure could replace my juice and some of my coke intake. The only problem (there always seems to be something) is that it is about 4 times the cost of my coke per oz. I could justify twice the cost but four times is the only reason I haven't ordered more so far. I do expect to breakdown and buy a case, but I still won't be happy over the cost difference.
This is a wonderfully refreshing citrus drink.  Not too sweet or too sour & just enough bubbles to make it sparkle.  I would imagine it could make a great addition to a punch, if you chose to add it to your favorite fruit juice.  The only draw back for me, is that it is a tad bit too expencive to replace our families normal beverage of choice but it sure does make a terrific treat to keep around for an occational indulgence.
Very nice drink.  I enjoyed it, especially when it was chilled.  The flavor is powerful but not overpowering.  I loved the bubbles.  Great drink.
I really didn't think there was anything special about this product. It doesn't have a bad taste, but it is different than a regular orange flavored soda. It is definitely not as sweet (which isn't a bad thing for me as I find the orange sodas way too sweet) and left a tiny bit of an odd aftertaste. It is a healthier alternative to regular sodas as there is no high fructose corn syrup, but it was still just as caloric. It is juice rather than artificial syrups, but the first juices listed in the ingredients are the overly sweet apple and grape constitutes, not orange and tangerine, to make the drink taste sweeter I suppose. Honestly, considering the price of this product and the lukewarm impression it left on me, I would rather just pour my own juice blend and add soda water or sparkling water to it myself. Most juices seem to be vitamin C fortified themselves, so unless you are just looking to replace the artificial sodas with something less damaging, I can't see a big benefit to this product.
I enjoyed the flavor of this orange soda.  It was not overly sweet and the orange flavor had just enough tartness to it.  I am glad it does not have any HFCS in it, but the calorie count is still quite high from the natural sugars.  All in all, if you are looking for a good orange soda, try this one.
This drink is very good especially after a long hot workout. It quenches the thirst without all the added sugars and preservatives. I highly recommend.
This product taste like an orange juice, an artificial one but with less sugar and less flavor I didn't like it.
This has great flavor, but I am not sure it would be a soda alternate.  I am thinking it would be good for a lunch or mini fridge at work!  Tastes great, but I really did not get the carbonation kick I get from a soda.
I thought I would like this more than I do. Maybe it's my palate, but my first taste impression was pineapple, not orange or tangerine. The small portion size may be acceptable for an energy drink, but is not what I would call thirst-quenching. Not a good choice for anyone trying to control calories or carbs. On the plus side, it is sweet, but not too sweet and the level of carbonation is well-balanced.
Note:  I tried the watermelon-kiwi flavor first, and this review provides comparison to that flavor as well as unique information.<br /><br />Design/packaging:  I really like the can size.  It's narrower than a soda can, but the same height as a soda can.  It fits very nicely in my hand, and I could easily toss one of these in my purse or daypack.<br /><br />Nutrition:  The calorie and sugar count seems high on this drink, but if you compare it to the nutrition of the same amount of pure, unsweetened grape juice, it's the same calorie and sugar count, plus or minus 10%.  (It's worth noting that grape juice is the first listed ingredient, so this makes sense.)  Thus, they're probably not adding sugar or calories to the juice to make the drink.  The thing is, you probably shouldn't down ten of these a day, but one can as a snack or pick-me-up seems reasonable.<br /><br />Flavor:  Here's where Switch fell short in the Watermelon-Kiwi flavor, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that this flavor was refreshing and delicious.  It was not overly sweet like Watermelon-Kiwi.  I'm also very impressed with the flavor.  It's like a less-sweet orange soda, except that it's with real juice instead of artificial sweeteners.  I think this would be a great mixer as well as a nice snack beverage.
I tried two flavors of Switch; the Orange Tangerine and the Watermelon Strawberry. I liked the watermelon flavor a lot, but found that with Orange Tangerine, the flavor of the can came through a bit too much. It reminded me of why I've never really enjoyed drinking canned orange juice. Still, it was fairly good and the carbonation made it light and refreshing. Both flavors were a big, big hit with my 8 year-old son.
This stuff taste just like flavored carbonated water.<br />In this case Flavored with orange and tangerine.<br />I imagine it's better for you than plain soda.<br />I really found it tasty. It has a strong citrus flavor<br />that I preferred to some of the other flavors.
I don't like how so many bottled and canned drinks these days (even the low-calorie ones) are so sweet.  This was nicely not-too-sweet, but had a canned, not fresh juice flavor.  It is personal taste, but I didn't care for the 'processed' flavor.
I like sparkling water a lot.  Perrier is usually my first choice but sometimes I want something a little more then the fruit flavored seltzer water.  This drink fits the bill nicely.  It contains all natural fruit which is a big plus over the fruit flavored options.  It contains some calories but since it is from a natural source and not just plain sugar, I'm okay with it.  This beverage is in a slimmer can with only 8.3 oz versus the usual 12 ozs of say, a can of soda so you save a few calories but not much.  It hits the spot when I want something sweeter then plain mineral water and it's healthier then soda.<br /><br />I've tried other sparkling fruit drinks with lower satisfaction marks.  Most of them claim to be "all natural" but list funky ingredients such as "natural flavorings"  Huh?  This beverage lists ingredients that are easily defined.  Also, it avoids the overly sweet taste of other  similar produts.  This one stands out as a winner but less calories would make it perfect.  I guess you cannot have everything....
Our family is a huge fan of IZZE and this was right in line with that. The flavor was not too sweet and refreshing. My favorite way to enjoy this was with some ice and vodka...obviously that's only for those of you reading this that are 21 yrs or older!
The product may be every bit as healthy as they claim, but even if that's true, I could barley get down one can of this stuff.  It tastes like sour orange juice with some carbonation in it.  It doesn't taste anything like orange soda, and the taste it does have isn't very pleasant.  Also leaves a very nasty aftertaste, and like many sodas, this will leave you more thirsty than when you started drinking.  All in all, I cannot recommend this.  Stay away.
I'm not a big fan of carbonated juices, but am a huge lover of orange/tangerine.  In that respect, this was a disappointment for me, not being as tangeriny enough for me.  The first sip left me with an extremely unpleasant aftertaste, but had gotten easier to tolerate with additional sips.  But, after waiting a while for another sip, that initial unpleasantness returned.  If I'm going to drink juice, I'll stick to what I prefer, uncarbonated.
I also got the Cherry one and this is just as good.  It's a break from soda or water or coffee.  I really liked the light refreshing taste and it doesn't fill you up like sodas can.  It's very very tasty and it had a very fresh orange taste, not artificial tasting.  I really liked it.
We are big Izzie fans, but we were excited to try this sode. We were VERY pleasantly pleased. It is a very orange taste, delicious and it feels good to know there is absolutely NO sugar. So, when our children want a soda we serve this and they are delighted. It's a win/win!
I repeat, carbonated fruit drinks can be too sugary. This drink reminds me of other orange soda brands without the extra sugar that combined with the metallic can always leaves an odd taste in my mouth. Orangina has a bit more flavor, but Switch Tangerine Orange is light and refreshing,.
Looks can be deceiving, especially with this product:  The cute, tiny can looks great, but don't fall for it!  This little guy packs an amazing 140 calories per 8.3 oz can.  My favorite 24 oz Arizona Iced Tea(black/white tea with sugar) has almost just as many calories(150) and almost 3 times the size of Switch.  Also, do not be tempted with "100% Vitamin C and 20% Vitamin E" pitch either.  Most of us consume 100% of daily Vitamin C without even trying through foods and anything extra get eliminated.<br /><br />The taste however does feel a bit more natural than other artificial orange sodas though, so that's the only plus.  Also, if you do not worry about gaining weight, I guess this is a good way to get a sugar rush in a tiny can.<br /><br />Overall, a good-tasting product, but there are many other low-caloric alternatives out there.  A can of Diet Coke and a multivitamin anyone?
If you love orange soda but don't want to drink soda this is the perfect product for you.  This taste just like orange soda but is actually made of 100% real fruit juice.  no joke.  It really tastes good.  I loved it.<br /><br />However just b/c you don't have all the "fake" soda ingredients it still has tons of calories for 8.3 ounces 140 to be exact.  A can of soda has 150 for 12 ounces so I am not sure what the trade off is unles you want 100% of your vitamin C!
I love everything about this drink.  It's got plenty of carbonation.  Even without added sugar or artificial sweeteners, it's plenty sweet, without being too sweet.  I LOVE tangerine, and this has a very tangerine-y flavor and aroma.  If you love oranges or tangerines, this is the perfect drink for you.<br /><br />I ordered this from the Vine program out of curiosity, but it will be one of my "must buy" items in the future.  I'm also going to buy some for my grandchildren.  Since it has no added sugars, and I know they'll love it, it will be perfect for them.
When I tried a can of Switch Orange Tangerine I was expecting to taste something similar to Orange Crush or Sunkist soda.  Switch is actually quite different.<br /><br />Switch claims that it doesn't add any extra sugar or common additives found in most mainstream sodas.  And when you taste it, I believe them.  Since it doesn't have the added refined sugar of an Orange Crush-type soda, Switch comes across with a subtly harsher, more acidic taste. This can of Switch tastes like...well...carbonated orange juice.  To me, this is a good thing.  I enjoyed the flavor and found it tasty and pleasantly unique.<br /><br />Given all that, I would absolutely buy this product all of the time if it wasn't for the unfortunate price.  These cans are only 8.3 ounces and cost close to $1 per can.  That's a heck of a lot more than the $0.25-$0.33 you pay for a 12 ounce can of mainstream soda (when purchased as a typical 12 or 24 pack).<br /><br />I love the taste of this stuff, I love that it doesn't have all kinds of extra refined sugar, and I hate the price.  I want to buy it, but I just can't afford it and have to drop it to 3-stars on that merit alone.  Too bad.
The Switch Orange Tangerine soda is an attempt to made a fruit soda with real fruit juice, real fruit flavor, and no added sugar.  They have mostly succeeded.  In the glass, the Switch looks like juice.  It is lightly but distinctly carbonated and easy to drink.  The orange and tangerine flavors are true - none of the "burn" of fake orange flavor.  The hit of tangerine is really nice and I greatly enjoyed the flavor.  My problem with the Switch was that it was too sweet for my taste.  I was surprised at the how sweet it was given the advertised "no added sugar".  The ingredient list mentions grape and apple juice concentrates.  That's how they get the sugars in without adding sugar.  Fruit juice concentrates are loaded with natural fruit sugars.  The nutritional label tells the story:  the 8.3 oz can has 34 grams of sugar!  That's more than Cocoa Cola (27 grams per 8 oz).  Bottom line - this is just too sweet for me.  It's too bad because the flavors are awesome.  If you have a sweet tooth, maybe this is for you.
Living in Germany for several years, I acquired a taste for Apfelsaftschorle or schorle for short, apple juice and sparkling water.  The soda water cuts the sweetness, gives the juice a little tang, and makes the drink a better hydrator; the juice makes the soda water a little more interesting.  I usually drink any fruit juice this way now.<br /><br />Switch premakes my schorle.  The blend was and orange citrus rather than apple, but very good regardless.  I tried it straight, but it would have been better over ice or if it had been mixed with a little more soda water and a little less juice.  The ingredients were juice, sparkling water, and a couple of stabilizers, without two of my pet peeves; artificial color, especially red 40, and high fructose corn syrup.<br /><br />I enjoyed it and can recommend it as an excellent alternative to conventional soda.<br /><br />E. M. Van Court
I was looking forward to tasting the Switch Orange Tangerine drink since orange and tangerine flavors are two of my favorite but I was disappointed in the result.<br /><br />It was tangy. It tasted of ascorbic acid. It smelled of orange candy. It reminded me of breakfast. It reminded me of, yes, powdered Tang mixed with carbonated water followed by a strong unpleasant artificial aftertaste.  I found the the drink to be, simply, not very good.<br /><br />I tried to like the beverage and I did appreciate the concept but considering the unusual flavors, high calorie count of 140 cals/8.5 oz, and cost of almost a dollar/serving -- I cannot recommend Switch.
The Switch Orange Tangerine is one of the most refreshing drinks that I have ever tried. It is 100% pure orange and tangerine juice and the difference from the regular sodas is quite obvious. Right from the first sip it feels richer and tastier than any soda product out there. After drinking it, you may never go back to regular sodas again. It works well by itself or with a meal. This may be an ideal substitute for sodas for kids, as it is a much more nutritious drink. The only problem that I have is the size of the can. At 8.3 ounces it may be enough for a kid, but you would need more than one of these to quench an adult's thirst.
No harsh after taste, no tangible negatives.  It just doesn't have the "bite" that I crave from other carbonated beverages like ginger ale or root beer.  It's a good option for a healthful drink with some fizz.
I've become a fan of The Switch sodas. The black cherry flavor has a great balance of flavoring and carbonation that had me ready to give up traditional sodas. The Orange flavor; however, leaves a lot to be desired. It has a really strong after taste and despite being "100% juice" it tastes like bad artificial Orange flavoring.<br /><br />I'd opt for the grape or the black cherry for sure. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG940E">The Switch Black Cherry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a><br /><br />Also, you'll want to note that The Switch sodas aren't exactly healthy, they are simply not overrun with artificial flavors. They actually have a fairly high calorie count. That being said they have some health benefits over pop- like the vitamin count and no added sugars.
I expected to like this drink because I like various fruit juices and I like carbonated beverages, as well.  Unfortunately, I just did not like the consistency or the taste of this drink. It was thick, had very little bubbly carbonation and, for me anyway, there was a very unpleasant aftertaste that lasted a loooong time.  I finally brushed my teeth really well and used some strong mouthwash to get rid of the taste in my mouth.
This drink is ok. A little pricier with several more calories and carbs than I would like, but it is a good alternative to soda. I am glad there's no artificial sweetener in it. It's sweet enough without it. I like the Crayons drinks better, but cannot find them anymore. I also like the flavor of the R.W. Knudsen Spritzers a little more.
I think sodas are a big waste of money.  That said, I had the opportunity to try this and it is DIVINE!!!
I thought the drink was delicious, but too sweet. I mixed it half n half with sugar-free ginger ale and loved it, however, I rarely drink sugared drinks. You need to make a sugar-free version.
I'm always looking for a carbonated alternative to sodas so I thought I'd give this a try. Generally I enjoy drinking naturally flavored sparkling water like La Croix or Crystal Geyser. I also very much enjoy Izzy's sparkling water/juice blends. Unlike Izzy, which combines juice and water, this is a 100% juice beverage that is carbonated. I have to say, it is definitely full of flavor, but it's just too sweet tasting. I like a bit of orange juice now and then, but for this type of carbonated drink, I'm just not into all that sweetness. I tried diluting it with some sparkling water, but the flavor just wasn't quite what I wanted. I like that Izzy is just a bit on the tart side with it's flavors. This is a nice idea and it's pretty ok. I just prefer other beverages over this one.
This drink has a wonderful orange citrus flavor.  It is robust but not too strong.  A great natural alternative to soda.  My 13 year old likes it as well.  Would not hesitate to purchase.
I just tried the Orange tangerine version of The Switched carbonated drink and overall I like it.  It tastes very similar to mandarin orange Slice but it uses natural juices and no HFCS.  If you are very concerned about artificial flavors and HCFS, but still want a carbonated drink, then Switched may be a good alternative.  I read the ingrediants list and it mainly included reconstituted juces and then aboiut another line of preservatives and additives, I would assume similar to those in commercial fruit juices.<br /><br />Personally, I am more concerned about overall sugar and calories in my soft drinks so this little 8 oz can has 140 calories and 34 grams of sugar.  If memory serves me that is in line with the calories of most softdrinks and more sugar then most soft drinks.<br /><br />Ultimately, i think this is a good tasing product, but the touted benefits doesn't outweigh the increased price and availability conpared to regualar soda.  I guess the key is still moderation.
I wasn't sure what to expect from a carbonated fruit drink, but decided to give it a try.  While it was drinkable, I actually prefer the natural taste of fruit juice.  This actually tasted like an artificial soda, much like a very well known orange soda.  The carbonation was excessively strong, with too much bite and burn for my liking.<br /><br />As some other reviewers pointed out, the amount of sugar and calories in this drink was astounding.  It is almost too sweet, and combined with the carbonation was just too much for me to enjoy it very much.
I could not finish this drink, it is like drinking orange syrup. It may not have any added sugar in it but one can of 8.3 ounces has 34 sugar grams and 36 carbs. I'll stick to water when I want to quench my thirst!
I really liked the tatste of this.  It actually tastes like you're getting the juice from a tangerine...I think the carbonation gives it that zing taste you can only get biting into an tangerine, orange, etc.<br />My daughter, however, really didn't like it.  Not sweet enough for her.<br />I think it's a little pricey, not sure I'd be willing to plunk down that much for it~~the can is very small, 8.3 fl. ozs., which is a proper serving of orange juice, which makes it around $1 a can, or a little less.<br />But overall I truly enjoyed that zinging tangerine taste!!
This is for sure not what I was expecting it to taste like. It's not bad but not for me. I like the carbonation and juice idea with no added sugar. When I first took a sip of it I noticed it has a bite to it. The best way I can describe it is a non alcoholic champagne. I however did like it better than the watermelon but still not for me.
This carbonated 100% juice drink tastes incredibly good! It reminds me of eating fresh tangerines when I was a kid, yet this is a drinkable version of that! If you like oranges and tangerines, you'll love this! These ought to be in every school vending machine (instead of sodas!)<br /><br />This is made from 100% juice, so great for adult (Or kids') lunches, picnics, etc. A great drink for exercise as well, and doesn't have the sugar in it, so no spikes in blood sugar... Likely a good choice for diabetics as well, and without the artificial sweeteners!
I say all these reviewers who say this stuff is too sweet are WRONG! Have it on the rocks! The melting ice will water it down just right. I tried four flavors and here is my ranking:<br /><br />1st Place: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH40">Kiwi Berry</a><br />2nd Place: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH54">Watermelon Strawberry</a><br />3rd Place: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG940E">Black Cherry</a><br />4th Place: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG945O">Orange Tangerine</a>
Switch Orange/Tangerine soda comes in a smaller can than a regular soda (a little over 8 ounces, compared to the usual 12 ounces in a regular soft drink can).  It is labeled as "all-natural" because the sugars in it come from fruit juices rather than added corn syrup.  I chilled the can of Switch in my refrigerator overnight, and then sampled it poured over ice in a glass.  The color is not so "neon" orange as some orange sodas -- it is a softer orange color.  The fizz is also less than in a regular soft drink.<br /><br />I found the flavor pleasing, with none of the chemical or metallic taste which can occur in many brands of orange soda.  The soft fizziness of the drink complemented the orange flavor well.  I didn't really get a true tangerine taste from the soda.  Tangerines are a very acidic fruit, and have a very distinct taste, which I did not really get from this soda.  However, the taste is very smooth and quite refreshing.  My teenaged daughters and their friends loved this soda, and I have been re-ordering it every so often as a treat.<br /><br /> Switch is a bit pricy.  You can cut down on the price by signing up for regular deliveries, but so far I haven't given in to that temptation.  However I am buying it for special occasions, for the travel cooler, and for planned teen get-togethers.
This one tasted pretty good.  Very tangy, but in a 'real fruit' kind of way.  I think they got this one right.  I still can't ever see myself buying a bunch of this.  Maybe if amazon sent me more than a single can to try, I would have build a habbit of drinking them (cough..hint..cough).<br /><br />I don't really understand any drink this size.  If I were thirsty at all, I would want way more, at least 12 oz.  The only other drinks this size are those crazy energy drinks, and those are obviously more of a 'means to an end' kind of drink.  I guess it is supposed to be more of a gourmet soda/juice.  I guess there is a market for that, I'm just not part of it.<br /><br />Nice little carbonated juice, but still not really worth the effort/money for me.
This small can of juice is tasty! The carbonation makes this beverage very delightful, and the juice is not too sugary. It is good to see this drink in the market. Although I would have liked a larger size container so I could drink more at a time, The Switch drink is loaded with Tangerine goodness! Hooray!
Yes, you should order this drink because it does taste great.  (As long as price is no object)<br />Tastes like orange juice with seltzer water.<br />But dont feel guilty about drinking it because it is 100% juice !
Switch has "100% of what you want" and "0% of what you don't,"  according to the can.  Also, according to the can it is "100% juice."  According to the Amazon product page it contains soy.  Quoting the printed page:  "Ingredients: 100% Juice (Filtered Sparkling Water Sufficient to Reconstitute Juice Concentrates, Apple, Grape, Tangerine, Orange and Acerola Juice Concentrates), Gum Acacia, Natural Flavors and Colors, Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C). Contains Soy."<br /><br />There is an unusual taste.  It is difficult to decide whether it is the taste of the can or the taste of the soy.<br /><br />The price is surprising. The calories are shocking. One can has 140 calories.<br /><br />Who knows?  We may develop a taste for Switch.
I usually cringe a little before I do a natural juice/carbonated beverage.  There is frequently something of an aftertaste that is unpleasant.<br /><br />This is refreshing, light, very bubbly and leaves a bright taste after with no cringe effects.<br /><br />I definitely would buy this drink.
I certainly hope that Switch will be selling this product in larger packages - I was very disappointed when my Tangerine soda was gone - it was very good!  Actually tasted like tangerines, which was a surprise as most of the sodas on the market don't have much distinctive flavor at all.  Switch sodas are pleasantly carbonated, sweet without being overwhelming so, and very satisfying, particularly when drunk very cold!
This relatively expensive convenience-packaged item is 100 percent juice and contains 140 calories worth of concentrated apple, grape, tangerine, orange, and acerola juice reconstituted with carbonated water; acacia gum; some soy; and added vitamin C to provide 100 percent of the adult minimum daily requirement. There are no artificial flavors or additives which allows the manufacturer to describe this as a "natural" beverage.<br /><br />I often mix juice with seltzer water, and I like the combination quite cold. The Switch Orange Tangerine tasted more like orange soda with a tangerine chaser than what I am used to as juice flavor.<br /><br />The carbonation makes the drink seem lighter than juice, but not as light and refreshing to the mouth as juice and seltzer.<br /><br />The tangerine flavor made the taste seem more appealing than orange soda, but the orange and tangerine flavors don't last as long as soda flavors do on the palate.<br /><br />I would drink this again on a hot day if I could buy it inexpensively enough.
At first, I really wanted to like this drink. "The Switch" tasted like tangerines and had a good aroma. The drink is carbonated, but not really strongly so. It is pleasant. However, after a few seconds, an after taste developed that was a little bitter. My wife thought this after taste was even a little "off", but she has a more sensitive palate than I do. In any case, the net effect was that I would just as soon have Orangina, and I won't be going out to buy more of "The Switch" Orange Tangerine. On the other hand, if this is what was being served at a party or gathering with few or no other choices, I wouldn't avoid it either.
I love juice and I love carbonated beverages, but it is difficult to see this product having a long retail life.<br /><br />Essentially, this is a good drink that doesn't really do anything well.<br /><br />It doesn't taste good enough to be a juice replacement--and is there really a need for a juice replacement?  It might have limited value in camping situations or during other times where small cans make better travelers.<br /><br />It's not exactly a post-workout recovery drink.  Juice would be better.  Minute Maid juice, for instance, has less sugar and carbohydrates, even though Switch doesn't add any sugar.  And there are plenty of other juices that have more nutrients, including Calcium and other vitamins and supplements, including potassium.  So, it's less healthy than most juices.<br /><br />Switch isn't exactly a diet soda because of the natural sugar content comapared to zero sugar in diet drinks.<br /><br />As a regular alternative to sugared soda, it tastes good, but there is nothing really to distinguish it from other fruit-based sodas.  And, $22 a case, it's more than twice as expensive of sodas that come in bigger cans.<br /><br />So, in the end, Switch is worth a try but likely not something you will habitually buy.
Who knew juice could be so cool? It has a very refreshing taste and lightness, just the right amount of sweet (not too much). Switch is an apt name for this beverage. I am guessing that lots of folks will be making the "switch" from cola to "carbonated juice" once they get a taste of this product line.
This product advertises that it is a soda made from 100% fruit juices and is refreshing.  I was quite disapointed in the flavor. If you have ever been unfortunate enough to drink canned (not refrigerated or fresh squeezed) OJ you know there is a HUGE differance in flavor. The bad, almost rotting component is carried over into this soda. IT even carries a rather odd aftertaste. I was not able to finish the entire can.<br /><br />This may be a feature of the Orange flavor. Other fruit flavors of this product might indeed taste good. But I recommend skilling the orange version.
This was actually a surprisingly refreshing drink that is lighter then OJ and reminds me of a virgin Mimosa. There was little after taste and the flavor isn't overbearing like an orange soda. The best thing is its all natural with no corn syrup. The bad thing is that the size is a little small at only 8.3 oz, which is probably to keep the calorie count down. Overall, a good, refreshing pick me up, but you may want to drink more then one.
My daughter & I were excited about trying this flavor as we both love orange juice.  This product did not impress us enough to order it as we liked other flavors more. My son also tried it and didn't care for it. The orange tangerine flavors are masked by the other fruit juices and makes it taste odd.  I like the fact that has added Vitamin C and is a healthy alternative to sodas but the flavor on this one needs tweaking.
Ive tried the Black Cherry version of this drink, and I prefer that to this. Both are light and refreshing and WAY better than fruit-flavored waters. YUK! You can tell by the taste these are definitely fruit juices but without the sticky, thick, sweetness of a non-carbonated drink. This orange tangerine flavor though - there's this weird taste to it one that hits you immediately. Not quite bitter, not quite metallic, but definitely not yummy - unless you like bitter fruit - not sour - bitter. Maybe it's too much carbonation for my taste. If you've tried the other flavors and are looking to try something new - think twice about this one. It is tingly and refreshing, but I won't order it again.
I didn't mind the taste of this very much - it tasted like Minute Maid OJ mixed with soda.  My husband couldn't stand it at all.  My only issue with this was that it was a heavy-syrup sort of flavor that was a little overwhelming.  If there was a better balance of flavor to liquid to make it a little lighter tasting, I think this would be much more refreshing and enjoyable.  Might be fine for kids though - since they like that sugary orange stuff.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this citrusy, fizzy drink. It was okay, though not something I'd buy often, and certainly not worth the price in my opinion.<br /><br />It wasn't as orangey as I expected and it wasn't until I had half of it gone that I read the ingredient list and saw why--orange juice is actually the fourth juice listed on the ingredient list, with apple and grape juice first and second, and the tangerine that seems to tone down the sweetness slightly the third on the list.<br /><br />When you look at the nutrition information, this product has about forty more calories than Coke Classic, and despite not having any *added* sugar, the grams of sugar in this product is MORE than an equivalent amount of Coca-Cola!! The only bonus of this over "real" soda is the Vitamin C and A...there isn't much else nutritionally to speak of.
The can size is like a Redbull drink's.  However, its sugar content is 34 grams.  Attached is a photo of the nutrional facts.<br /><br />In terms of its taste, in my opinion, it's quite tasty, sweet, a bit tangy and very orangish!
To be blunt I'd call this Orangina (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000121BY6">Sparkling Citrus Beverage with Pulp - 4 Glass Bottles</a>) sans pulp.  Basically the drink has minimal carbonation, and a light orange juice flavor with hints of rind/zest.  Undertones of grape and apple come across as well being that they are ingredients but I still feel this beverage is distinctly orange.  Compared to the cherry which I tried earlier I feel that this is a far more refreshing drink.  Personally I find this drink to be rather good and fans of Orangina should definitely take note.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 2:47 Mins<br /><br /></span>Short video review with first open, pour and taste of The Switch Orange Tangerine.
My first impression on this particular drink when I first tasted it was that it reminded me a bit of the soda "Orange Crush," although nowhere near as carbonated. Unlike "Orange Crush," this drink did not have the lingering carbonated fizz that your typical sodas have, and a very pleasant surprise was the fact that I didn't get any disgusting soda burps after drinking it. You know the kind I mean, when you burp and you could swear that you just swallowed a week old dead skunk tail first. I also didn't get any real aftertaste when drinking it either.<br /><br />Now coming in at 8.3 ounces, the calories in this drink are reported at 140 calories per can. By comparison, a 12 ounce can of Pepsi comes in at 150 calories per can. So, on the calorie front I wouldn't say that there is much of a difference between this drink and Pepsi, although if you do the math, this drink would actually have more calories than Pepsi if you compared them in equal amounts. However, if you look at the list of ingredients in both, you can see where this product is far better for you than your traditional sodas, although obviously not as good for you as drinking an actual 100% pure fruit or vegetable juice.<br /><br />To put in plainly and succinctly, this is a fairly good tasting beverage and is definitely one I would consider drinking over the more traditional sodas that are currently available. However, the one primary detractor to this is the size of the can compared to the price.<br /><br />The one thing that I had not quite decided on whether it is a negative or a positive is the size of the can, which as I stated earlier comes in at 8.3 ounces compared to your traditional cans of soda that come in at 12 ounces. In addition to the size of the can, there is also the consideration of price, coming in at roughly $1.00 per can which is considerably more expensive than your average can of soda. Therefore, when you take the size of the product combined with the price, I would have to say that it is a definite negative and would probably keep me from purchasing this product.<br /><br />If they created a 12 ounce can and lowered the price, then I would be more apt to purchase it.<br /><br />Shawn Kovacich<br />Author of the Achieving Kicking Excellence series.
I did not find this drink anything special in terms of taste; it is orange juice infused with carbonation. The juice is quite acidic and you don't feel that there is 100% fruit juice. The drink comes in cans rather than glass bottle which would have helped the drink maintain the juicy taste longer. It does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free, no sugar and no artificial flavors. This drink doesn't have any special features and it doesn't stand out well in a market crowded with many drinks.<br /><br />1. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYXQK">IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Pomegranate, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a><br />2. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000Q3ECXM">Minute Maid Mixed Berry Juice, 24 - 10 fl oz Bottles, 240 fl oz</a><br />3. Cal Valls Certified Organic Juices - Clementine (24 fluid ounce) by igourmet.com
The product says a twist because of carbonation. Well after pouring the drink over 3 pieces of ice the carbonation was gone.  The carbonation is definitely light and does not last.<br /><br />As far as the taste goes I did not care for the taste at all. It left a bad after taste in my mouth I cannot recommend this product. I will stick with regular juice at a much lower cost.<br /><br />To be fair I gave it two stars because my wife thought it was OK.
The Switch bills itself as "great tasting healthy alternative to soda" so I decided to see for myself. The first thing I wanted to do was compare it's nutritional facts against my favorite orange soda and this is how they matched up:<br /><br />The Switch Orange Tangerine (Per Serving)<br />16.97 Calories<br />1.8 mg Sodium<br />4.3 g Carb<br />4.1 g Sugar<br />20% RDA Vitamin A<br />100% RDA Vitamin C<br /><br />National Brand Orange Soda (Per Serving)<br />15.8 Calories<br />3.7 mg Sodium<br />4.3 g Carb<br />4.3 g Sugar<br /><br />Besides slightly less sodium, the addition of vitamins and no added sugars <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG945O">The Switch Orange Tangerine, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a> didn't really stand out as a winner based on nutritional facts alone. So when it came to drinking it, I had expected to prefer the more natural taste that The Switch might offer.  Unfortunately the main two juices used in this drink are Apple and Grape and that left me not tasting the "Orange Tangerine" as much as I had wanted.<br /><br />Overall when comparing the two beverages not only did it not impress me with taste or nutrition, but add on the obvious price difference ($.03 per ounce vs. $.11 per ounce) and The Switch won't be causing me to switch. I'm happy to stick with my good old orange soda.
I tried this product after Switch's Watermelon-Strawberry drink, and while I thought that drink was decent, I was not a big fan of the Orange-Tangerine flavor.  The taste was an obvious blend of a number of different flavors in addition to orange and tangerine, and for me that made it taste more Orange-ish than Orange.  As others have noted, the amount of calories and sugar are not that different from a cola, so it's not really clear that it's THAT much healthier than other sodas.<br /><br />Personally though, I'd rather just grab a glass of orange juice or eat an orange instead.  I guess it depends on what you are deciding to "switch" from: for people looking for an alternative to cola, I guess this might be an attractive product.  But as someone who prefers water or tea and rarely drinks sodas, this product isn't close to making me want to "switch".
I like orange soda but usually cannot drink an entire can or bottle of Sunkist or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00168A9KG">Orange Crush Case 4-6pk</a> because they are so sickly sweet. This has just the right touch of natural sweetness, and the tangerine gives a nice little tang to the orange flavor. Reminds me of the great orange sodas you can get in Europe or specialty shops, like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GN4OHK">Orangina Sparkling Citrus Beverage with Natural Pulp - 24 Cans</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001FQUCG">San Pellegrino Aranciata 6 pack - 6oz bottles</a>.<br /><br />Dare I say it? Yes. The flavor and size make it a perfect mixer. After my intial sip, I immediately thought it would be great to fill up the rest of the glass with vodka.
I was offered the opportunity to taste this product because of Vine. I would not normally purchase this type of product, so my review and opinion will be biased in that regard.<br /><br />I'm not a big soda drinker, I'd just rather drink water or coffee. I will occasionally drink a diet soft drink, usually Diet Pepsi or Diet Coke.<br /><br />Did you know that a single 12oz can of Coke Classic® has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar? This 8oz can of Switch has 140 calories and 34grams of sugar. And this is healthy? 4 ounces less is size, same caloric content and more sugar per ounce that Classic Coke. OK, so it's not "added" sugar, but still, that's a lot of sugar. 100% Orange juice, 8 oz, has 120 calories and 28 grams of sugar.<br /><br />The can says it is "Orange Tangerine" but in fact the contents are #1: Water #2: Concentrates of Apple, Grape, Tangerine, Orange, and Acerola juices. Then they throw in some "gum acacia", "natural flavors and colors" and some "ascorbic acid(vitamin C)". And as a little surprise bonus, they have added "soy". Soy?<br /><br />I asked my wife to taste this product with me. I poured the drink into two glasses and we both took a sip. Her reaction was swift and strong... she hated it. I agreed with her. It was for me, sickly sweet and left a sugary aftertaste in my mouth. Not only that, but the taste was just nasty. It didn't taste at all like orange or tangerine to me. It just tasted terribly sweet with an undefined cirtus something taste. The carbonation did not add anything positive to the experience. Neither of us finished drinking our 4oz portion. It went down the sink.<br /><br />I would not purchase this product in the future and if I could have given it 0-stars, I would have. It's that bad.
I found this to be a nice alternative to juice and to the usual pepsi that I normally drink.<br /><br />It had a nice light flavor with just a little carbonation.  I don't believe tangerine is the right name for the taste. I would say a tart orange juice is more accurate. However, the name of the drink does not take away from the quality of the product.<br /><br />I let my children try a little bit of this and they too thought it was a very good taste.<br /><br />The cans are small, smaller than a coke can, but I found one to quench my thirst better than any of the caffeinated drinks I would normally pick up.
Fruit juice has lots of calories, so at home, we often dilute grape or orange juice with water or seltzer and ice. We like the flavor and the bubbles make for a more refreshing drink. The Switch is a portable alternative - a little carbonation, nice flavor, more like tangerine than orange, and 100% of the daily requirement for vitamin C. When convenience is important, The Switch is a good, healthier alternative to soda.
I really liked this drink.  It provides the pleasure of a carbonated beverage without the sickly-sweet, sticky feeling that drinking a soda leaves behind.  Despite containing apple and grape juice, it tastes mainly like the orange and tangerine it advertises.  If you're looking for a carbonated juice, I'd definitely suggest this.  I'll be drinking it again.
Refreshing orange juice drink with a good kick to it. If you drink this first thing in the morning with breakfast, it's sure to be a real eye-opener! It's a "juice" drink, not soda pop. But it is carbonated, so it has the same bubbly, zesty fizz. The tangerine taste is better than Switch's black cherry. I would definitely buy a whole case of this orange flavor. Highly recommended!!
If you want a quick pick me up that is not full of added sugar, then this is a refreshing alternative to a soda. The flavor is more heavily tangerine (which only makes sense). It isn't overly sweet, which is a good thing.
If you like a little fizz with your juice this is a good product.  Tasty and refreshing.  However, like all juice it is not low in calories, so don't buy it expecting it to be more like a low cal fruit flavored sport drink.
I quit sodas over a year ago due to the unhealthiness of them.  I do, however, like bubbly drinks, but I don't need the sugar or sodium.  That's why this product is perfect.  It is 100% fruit juice, carbonated for the bubbliness.<br /><br />Orange is one of my favorite flavors.  This drink is the perfect drink.<br /><br />I think this product is even better than orange soda; orange soda is sticky, but this product is not.  It has the perfect amount of sharpness - which I love.  Because it is 100% fruit juice, it also has the perfect amount of natural sweetness.<br /><br />So this product is all the good things rolled into one:<br /><br />100% fruit juice<br />No added sugar<br />Bubbly<br />Awesome orange flavor<br /><br />It's so good, it's hard to believe you're drinking something healthy.
If you like tangerine and you think you need carbonation, then I think you'll like this product.  No sugar that I could taste to cut through the sourness of tangerine though there was a hint of the orange that helped take the edge off.  Of course if you really like tangerine, I mean you REALLY LIKE it, then you will get more than enough of it in this drink.<br /><br />We do need to be wary though of claims that natural equal healthy.  Is no sugar added really healthier?  What about the carbonate process that adds the fizzle and bubbles, what are those health affects if any?  Much like claims of organic we need to remember that not everything in nature is good for every person.  There is still a nice chunk of calories here, far more than water.  If you are allergic to citrus you shouldn't drink this even though you might drink things like Sunkisk.<br /><br />Did it taste good, oh yeah, it did to me because I like tangerine and orange.  But it did also have a slightly sour after taste that was annoying, easily solved with water.  Since I don't normally drink carbonated beverages though I felt a bit off after drinking this as well.<br /><br />This isn't just juice and you shouldn't make this a substitute for juice or fruit.  I don't doubt that it is slightly better for you thank other carbonated beverages though I think it would be better if they could cut some calories out as well.
Like Izze, the basic idea here is soda made with actual fruit juice. No sugar, no HFCS, no preservatives, no coloring; just 100% fruit juice concentrate and sparkling water. Fruits listed are apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola (whatever that is).<br /><br />Intriguingly, the can mentions "contains soy" at the end of the ingredients list. There's no protein content listed, so it must be a trace amount. Something to bear in mind if you have a soy allergy, however.<br /><br />Flavor is fantastic. I'd have a hard time choosing between it and Izze, but I think I might just give Switch the edge.
Switch is a fun alternative to traditional soft drinks.  It's 100% juice and all natural; it contains no added sugar, no corn syrup, no preservatives and no artificial color.  What makes it fun is it's carbonated.  And just the right amount.<br /><br />The first sip is perhaps a little tart or bitter, but that's because most of us are used to soft drinks with added sugar, corn syrup and a bunch of largely unpronounceable chemical compounds.  Switch has none of that and, although different from traditional soft drinks, the taste is very refreshing.  The carbonation makes it a "fun" drink that you can feel good about consuming (it has 100% of the recommended allowance of vitamin C).<br /><br />Should Coke and Pepsi be worried?  Probably not, but it does taste good and it's actually good for you.  You should try it!
For a beverage that is basically 100% fruit juice that has been carbonated, with no sweetners or preservatives added, Switch Orange Tangerine pretty much tasted to me like a can of Orange Crush or Sunkist soda.<br /><br />That isn't a bad thing, per se...but it was not something I would pay a premium for if I were in the mood for orange soda.  Presumably, it is a little bit healthier than a straight soda, but it is nothing special to taste, and thus I will not go through the effort to seek it out.<br /><br />(On the other hand, my 16 year old daughter claimed to like it MORE than orange soda, and in fact said that she felt she could taste the grape juice in it.  As with many juices, even though it is orange "flavored"...grape juice is a major ingredient.  So she would give it four stars.)
This tastes like carbonated orange juice, very tart.  It is very expensive compared to easier-to-find similar beverages.  If one had allergies or health issues, it might be worth drinking.
I sampled a can of Switch Orange Tangerine and found it to be a tasty beverage. As advertised, it is a "...balance between juice and carbonated" with a light carbonation so it doesn't taste like Orange Crush or Fanta but not like orange Gatorade either. The 8.3 oz can has 140 calories, with a 12% DV carb/sugar content but 100% Vitamin C and 20% Vit A. It's marketed as "100% juice" coming mostly from filtered concentrates. No sugar added, no corn syrup, no preservatives, no artificial colors, gluten free, if you're concerned with all that. Most important is that it tastes good and I would try it again.
I'll admit that I don't care for drinks that are carbonated - the carbonation in soda makes me burp, they tend to be too sweet, or the diet drinks have a weird taste to them. So I wasn't sure what to expect when I drank this.<br /><br />To my surprise, the carbonation is very mild - it's more like a light buzz in your mouth instead of a lot of carbonation (you won't hear the contents fizz when you drink this stuff). The orange tangerine flavor is a nice combo  - stronger in the tangerine flavor than orange, though as someone who doesn't like any sugar in my drinks, I found it to be a tad sweet (though it is advertised as no sugar added), but less than I expected.<br /><br />I'm not sure when you would drink this though - it's a small can and I can't imagine someone who drinks cans of soda drinking one of these instead - especially at the price they charge for this. Are they thinking that this will replace a glass of orange juice first thing in the morning?<br /><br />Overall I think it's tasty and if someone offered me one, I'd take it, but it's not something I would buy.
The Switch Orange/Tangerine gets kudos from me for not including added sugars and nasty ingredients found in some traditional sodas, but as for flavor, it leaves something to be desired.  The initial yummy tangerine flavor of the drink is great, but after a few swallows, a strange after-taste invaded my mouth.  I found it difficult to drink the whole can.
My 7 year old daughter thought it was good tasted like pop but only drank 1/2 of the can. I thought it tasted like watered down orange soda with very little fizz with funny after taste. It is suppose to be  100% juice with vitamin C that has been carbonated. Ok here is my thought either buy 100% orange juice that taste like it came right of the tree or buy a orange pop. For me this product won't be flying off the shelves.
I really liked the taste of both this and one other flavor that we were able to order.  So I went on line to see what kind of pricing there was on it.  At only 8.3 oz. for about a dollar, that's roughly the equivalent of $1.50 for a single can if it was a full 12 oz. soft drink.  Our budget isn't going to justify ongoing purchases of this product.  If we had more discretionary money, we might do it, but it'd be more of a treat than a regularly used product (partly because of the small size).  So the taste was at least 4-stars, but the price brought it down considerably - even recognizing the fact that the ingredients are far better than what is in most other soft drinks.
This orange soda is clearly more healthful, and it tastes tangier, although somewhat less sweet, than other orange sodas.  The one big drawback for me was that this drink lacks caffeine.
This is a mix of apple, grape, tangerine, orange, and acerola juices.<br /><br />Taste is obviously subjective and that can be seen in the reviews. I like the flavor but will try to describe it rather than raving or ranting about it.<br /><br />The tangerine is the dominant flavor. However it is the taste of a very ripe tangerine or, perhaps, a clementine. There is that slight alcohol or medicinal overtone to an otherwise good flavor. I could see people not liking it while other do.<br /><br />Each can has 34 grams of sugar, 100 vitamin C, and 20% vitamin A and not much else. These aren't nutrients that are otherwise hard to get so this isn't necessarily a healthy alternative to regular soda. On some level (e.g. producing fruit instead of sugar cane) it might be attractive to some.
I want to start this review by stating that this is not the perfect balance between juice and carbonated drink I've ever had.  That said this is certainly a good alternative for those who love carbonated drinks but don't like some of the ingredients.  Switch has attempted to address this concern and I feel it's a step in the right direct.  This is an Orange Tangerine flavored juice that is carbonated but without added sugar, preservatives, corn syrup, or caffeine.  In other words this is about as natural as you can get without, you know, drinking real orange juice.<br /><br />The can is also thinner then a soda can so you're not getting as much liquid as you would a Pepsi or Coke.  This means there is less fat in each can, and the makers claim the product is glutton free.  It does have a bit of a weird aftertaste, but after a few sips it stops bothering you.  While not a perfect drink it's one I enjoyed and will likely pick up again in the future.
I have a tendency to avoid products with artificial sweeteners, and this includes sodas with high fructose corn syrup.  The Switch is a line of fruit juice sodas with no added sweeteners--not even cane sugar.  It has carbonated water, fruit juice, some natural flavors and colors, and vitamin C.  If you're going to drink soda, carbonated fruit juice is the best way to go.<br /><br />The Switch has several flavors, including Orange Tangerine.  However, it's clear some flavors are better than others.  The Orange Tangerine has a harsh aftertaste that another flavor I tried does not.  I've tried other citrus juice sodas and enjoyed them, but something went wrong in the flavoring of this particular soda.  If you're looking for an orangey soda, try Izze's Sparking Clementine instead.
This was a very interesting drink! It was refreshing, tasty and healthy! It was very Tangerine tasting, no after taste and very refreshing!
This is a wonderful alternative to soda pop.  It's delicious, refreshing and most of all, natural.  I ordered the Tangerine/Orange.  I'm anxious to try the other flavors.  My only gripe is that the cans are rather small.  Other than that, it rocks!!
So, I sampled this SWITCH Orange/ Tangerine Blend. Low on the Carbonation, high on the Orange taste, and worth every sip in Gold! Plus, healthy to boot...Give it a try, and you may discard those "Brand Names" once and for all!
I loved it! Good taste, pleasant carbonation, fun can.<br /><br />Ok, so all it is is carbonated fruit juice.... big deal, right?  But it actually is a big deal if you are a soda junky and want to cut down on the negative effects without losing all the experience.  I hate diet soda because it just doesn't taste right and has way too many synthetic chemicals in it. However, this drink has no sugar, corn syrup, or preservatives. I suppose the CO2 may not be the best for you, but you gotta live a little.
Described as an alternative to soda, Switch is a carbonated fruit drink made from 100% natural juices (although not necessarily the ones listed as the flavor).  Made mostly out of apple and grape juice, The Switch Orange Tangerine does in fact have an (oversweet)orange-tangerine flavor -- followed by a strong vitamin aftertaste. It tasted like drinking a soda made from crushed Flintstone vitamins.<br /><br />Want a better carbonated fruit drink?  Pour half a glass of orange juice and add club soda.
This can of juice was delicious.  It reminded me of the Orangina beverage.  I did find it strange that they chose to package this product in a can normally associated with "Energy Drinks" like Red Bull since they market it as "All Natural".  Nevertheless, it's yummy and I recommend it!
The Switch Orange-Tangerine beverage is a mix of orange and tangerine juices with carbonated water, and, I must say, it tastes AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's similar to soda, but without all the unhealthy artificial ingredients and high-fructose corn syrup. If you find it, buy it!!!!!!!!!!
I decided to try "The Switch" orange tangerine because it was promoted as a drink that is 100% juice, 100% RDA Vitamin C, all-natural and it happens to be carbonated.<br /><br />The taste is like drinking orange juice at first with carbonation and I have to be truthful, at first I wondered if it was an alcoholic beverage at first.<br /><br />But after tasting it, you do taste the combination of the orange tangerine and the carbonation.<br /><br />The drink contains no sugar or corn syrup and no preservatives.<br /><br />Overall, a tasty carbonated beverage with only 140 calories and no fat.  15mg of sodium and 36g of carbs.<br /><br />If you are interested in the beverage that combines the taste of juice and carbonation, give "Switch" a try!
I chuckled a little when I read that this soda had no added sugar when I checked the label in the can since it already has 34gms of sugar anything more added and you'll have sugar junkies of whoever tries the drink.  The soda is tasty and quite fizzy, I think it has more carbonation than Fanta which goes flat easier.  The can is the typical size of an energy drink, but this is not an energy drink merely another fruit flavored soda.  It is flavored naturally, but that is the only difference from regular soda type drinks.
I enjoyed this drink. It has good fizz and flavor. Ingredients include apple/grade juices as the main fruit elements. Tangerine, orange and acerola (type of wild cherry) round out the other fruit juices. For my taste, this is not citrusy enough. I find an Orangina to have better flavor, but it is loaded with added sugars (high fructose corn syrup is the second ingredient in Orangina)! I also compare this to the Izze version and the Izze wins for flavor. I think the health benefits of The Switch or Izze drinks outweigh the flavor differences though, and if I was but one of these types of drinks, I would not look at Orangina again.
I love this flavor the best for it lightness, but zesty and orange tanginess.  Very refreshing taste and not over powering with no additives; what a plus.  nice carry size, but why should such a good thing be in such a small size.  Good that the product is in a can - recyclable.  there are other similar carbonated-juice out there and this is definitely one that could compete with the low-saturated market.
Orange Tangerine Switch is a crisp carbonated citrus beverage. Unlike its sugar-laden brethren, Switch doesn't leave a sticky film in your mouth after you've finished drinking it, presumably because there isn't any sugar added to the drink. My only complaint is the price: at about $1 per can, you don't get a whole lot of bang for your buck, especially since you can get a 12-oz can of regular soda for a much lower price.  I guess that's the price you pay for something that's "better" for you.
I have long been a fan of mixing juice, such as orange joice, with a carbonated soda like 7Up - it provided the best of both worlds, fresh juice and carbonation. The down side over the last number of years is the high fructose corn syrup that has replaced sugar in the carbonated sodas.<br /><br />But, of late there have been alternatives. First there was Orangina, which mixed 12% orange juice with carbonated soda - still had the sugar, but far better than mainstream sodas. Then a number of drinks have become available that mix the carbonation with a high percentage of real fruit juices. Some of these have been underwhelming to say the least. The best so far is IZZE with its 70% fruit juice and 30% carbonated water - no added sugars.<br /><br />Now comes along The Switch. The Switch is 100% fruit juice with carbonation added. And, like IZZE, I really like this drink. It is different than IZZE drinks; The Switch blends their juices different to achieve a little more subtle flavor where IZZE has more tang and punch. I can't say one is better than the other only that they each deliver a different refreshing experience.<br /><br />I have tried The Switch in Orange Tangerine and Black Cherry. The Orange Tangerine is very good! I highly recommend it. The Black Cherry is good, better than some other cherry drinks of this sort I have had, but it could be a bit better; it doesn't quite deliver the same flavor experience of a really good Black Cherry soda.
As part of Amazon's Vine Program I received two trial cans of The Switch, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG940E">Black Cherry</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LG945O">Orange Tangerine</a>. I tried both flavors cold (over ice) and rated them 4 stars each, although I prefer the Orange Tangerine flavor to the Black Cherry.<br /><br />Whether or not The Switch is just right or not sweet enough for you will depend on your personal experience with carbonated juice drinks and soda. If you are looking for the sweetness and fizz of a diet soda you will be disappointed. These are 100% juice drinks. The Orange Tangerine flavor has 140 calories and the Black Cherry has 130 calories.<br /><br />I recommend them as an alternative to regular juice to liven up your lunch or help you refuel after a workout. Either way, you are getting 100% of your Vitamin C and there's no added sugar or corn syrup, no preservatives and no artifical colors.<br /><br />The Black Cherry flavor was too mild for me. I was looking for more bite. I could taste hints of the apple, grape and acerola juice concentrates in the blend. The flavor reminded me of blends I've tasted from Treetop. Again, The Switch has a lot less carbonation than you would find in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014WYXYW">Izze Fortified All Natural Sparkling Blackberry Juice</a>, for example.<br /><br />The Orange Tangerine flavor should be renamed the Tangerine Orange flavor to reflect the dominate taste and aroma. The Switch's blend is as flavorful as <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BDHBWQ">essn Sparkling Minneola Tangerine Juice</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001L4EME4">San Pellegrino Orange</a> although, again, it is no where near as carbonated as those other brands.<br /><br />In summary, these all natural, 100% juice drinks are a healthier option than drinking a soda. The Switch also can help break up the monotony of drinking plain water and/or juice after a workout. Remember to keep them the cans ice cold, though. Preferably, serve them on the rocks.<br /><br />BTW: If you are looking for a full-flavored Black Cherry soda, try <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001P9GB4Y">Thomas Kemper Black Cherry Soda</a>, which has 170 calories per bottle. There's a low calorie (10) version as well but it isn't available on Amazon.
Very Natural flavor. Not loaded with sugars and other things not good for you. Has a fresh taste of orange/tangerine and the carbonation is great. Great taste. I enjoyed this product and would recommend.
According to the side of the can, it's 100% juice with a balance on the carbonation. It tastes great if not for the chalky aftertaste. The low carbonation made it feel less of a soda and more of a juice. I probably wouldn't buy it in the store because of the weird taste.
...and you'll have a pretty good idea what this tastes like. The tangerine (and/or the added flavoring) provides a nice 'tang' to the flavor. I found it to be quite tasty and refreshing.  I'm not sure why they are packaging it in the small 8.3 oz "energy drink"-size cans, unless it's to keep the calories per serving down. At 140 cal.can, it certainly isn't low-cal, but there is no added HFCS (high fructose corn syrup) or sugar. The surprisingly high price is also a downside. True, real juice is a lot more expensive than water and HFCS, but at this price, I'll give it a pass.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Good taste, not too carbonated<br /><br />Cons:<br />Small can, expensive, fairly high calorie/oz
Overall, this is a nice, light, refreshing drink. The sweetness is a bit sweeter than Juice Squeeze, but not as sweet as Hansen's soda. I tried two flavors: this orange tangerine, and the strawberry watermelon. I preferred this orange one. The flavor was "cleaner." But, there are so many different juices in both those drinks, it kindof gets "muddied." I think I prefer Juice Squeeze because the flavor seems true-er. My 10-year-old daughter prefers Hansen's, because it is a bit sweeter. But, like I said, overall, this is a very nice drink. No corn syrup. Yea!
Well, this drink was surprisingly tasty. The reason it was surprising because there is no sugar added. It's "100% juice carbonated". It was like drinking a soda but it was a drink of juice that is carbonated. This would be a good drink if you want a healthy drink that is carbonated.<br /><br />Now I'm curious about the other flavors to see if they taste better. However, I do have to say if you're expecting something extremely sweet, this is not the drink to get. You may want to go buy Kool-Aid for that. This drink has a natural taste to it. I can actually taste the mixture of orange and tangerine. I wish the tangerine flavor was stronger, because I like tangerine more than orange, but considering the fact that there is no sugar, it's a good drink.
I like the idea of a healthy soda type drink, but this flavor just missed the mark. The tangerine overpowered the orange and left a bad taste in my mouth. Carbonated juice is a great idea, they just need to tweak the flavors a bit.<br /><br />Ranking the Switch drinks from best to worst:<br /><br />1. Watermelon Strawberry<br />2. Kiwi Berry<br />3. Black Cherry<br />4. Orange Tangerine
The can says it's 100% juice, but the taste is ...powdery.  If you've ever had a glass of Kool-Aid or Crystal Light, you'll know what I mean.<br /><br />So there's that 'from powder' taste; also there is an aftertaste.  And all comes in a can the size of a Red Bull for 160 calories.<br /><br />I did not like it.
This is a nice, light, refreshing carbonated fruit juice. It's something like Orangina, but far more natural-tasting -- which makes sense, because unlike Orangina, it's all juice and has no added sweetener.<br /><br />My only complaint is that the 8.3 ounce can is rather small; I generally prefer a larger drink. It's definitely not a bargain if you have to drink two cans at a time.
I love the taste of this soda. It's sweet with no bitter aftertaste that can be found in some orange sodas. I'd never guess this was a natural drink from the taste alone.<br /><br />My only complaint would be the serving size. It's correct for a serving size but not what I'm used to in a soda can. (12 oz.)
This 100% juice, carbonated beverage is a good alternative to traditional soda. As a somewhat health-conscious consumer, I avoid high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) as much as possible. This beverage contains no HFCS, no added sugar, no preservatives, and no added color. I'm sampling the orange flavor. It contains 100% of your daily recommended dose of Vitamin C, and 20% of your Vitamin A for the day. The downside is a single 8.3 fl oz can contains almost as many calories as a 12 oz a can of soda.<br /><br />The Orange-Tangerine flavor reminds me a bit of Orangina. Perhaps you've tried Crystal Geyser's Fruit Squeeze beverages which are also similar. It's definitely not comparable to artificially flavored orange beverages (Sunkist, Crush). It has a hint of grapefruit-like taste to it, but without the bitterness, which may be due to the added apple, grape, and acerola concentrates. The aftertaste is a bit metallic to me. The beverage itself is clear - without pulp of any kind - and is light-orange-yellow in color.<br /><br />This is a good alternative to those looking for something soda-like, but healthier than all the HFCS-loaded options. Maybe it's a good option for parents to give to their kids if their kids drink a lot of soda anyway. Personally, I don't enjoy it enough to buy it instead of other available, similar products. If I want orange juice or crave soda, I'll rather drink the real thing.
The Switch is marketed as "100% of what you want, 0% of what you don't"...meaning, the only things in the can are juice and carbonation. There is no added sugar, no corn syrup (high fructose or otherwise), no preservatives, no *artificial* colors ("natural" flavors and colors ARE added), and no gluten.<br /><br />The Orange-Tangerine flavor seemed to taste almost like carbonated Sunny Delight - according to the label, the juice flavors are apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola. It was quite tasty and had just the right amount of carbonation - almost like a soda that has been opened and left to sit for just a few minutes to let some of the excess gas escape. It was light and, dare I say, refreshing. For what it is marketed to be, it does quite well.<br /><br />The only downside is that I could probably do something similar at home - buy some Sunny D and add some sparkling water or seltzer, and it would probably be cheaper. However, if you're out-and-about and need something light, tasty and not loaded full of extra nonsense, then this would certainly fit the bill.
This carbonated product has a nice natural juice taste to it that makes you feel like you're drinking something that might be a little healthier than all the other carbonated stuff out there on the shelves but I couldn't help but notice the amount of sugar this thing has listed on the nutrition facts:<br /><br />34g per 8.3 oz can of the stuff. 36g total carbs.<br /><br />Like I said, it's good but don't get fooled into thinking its any healthier for you. There's no artificial stuff in here according to the can at least.
This product claims to be a healthy carbonated product. This particular flavor is very heavy on the orange taste (which is to be expected). As a matter of fact, I found it very close to normal orange soda.<br /><br />Here are the claims of the product from the label:<br /><br />100% juice, 100% RDA Vitamin C, All Natural, Carbonated, Great Taste and Refreshment.<br /><br />No Sugar Added, No Corn Syrup, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colors, Gluten Free<br /><br />Nutritional Information:<br /><br />Serving Size 8.3 Fl. Oz. (245 ml)<br />Servings: 1<br /><br />Calories: 140<br />Fat: 0g<br />Sodium: 15 mg<br />Total Carb: 36g (Sugar 34g)<br />Protein: 0g<br /><br />Vitamin C: 100% RDA<br />Vitamin A: 20%<br /><br />Ingredients:  100% Juice (filtered spring water sufficient to reconstitute concentrates, apple grape, tangerine, orange and acerola juice concentrates), gum acacia, natural flavors and colors, ascorbic acid (vitamin C). Contains Soy.<br /><br />Compared to soda, it is healthier in that it doesn't contain added sugars or corn syrup.  But it still has a bunch of calories.  Eating fruits whole is better than juice, but if you want a quick soda-like pick me up (and you love orange soda), I would recommend this product over regular soda.<br /><br />I gave this product 3 stars because I don't think it really is that healthy, but is a decent alternative to regular soda. Also, the taste was ok, nothing remarkable.
Taste is good enough to maybe purchase a 24-pack of this sugar-free, 100% juice carbonated orange / tangerine flavored drink. With more folks (like myself) these days seeking out sugarless soft drinks, this Switch product is actually quite good, I thought. Easy and small enough to carry. Might want to bring two. Ideal for a summer night outing at a theater in the park event, friend's outdoor bar-b-que, kids softball game, etc.
I'm diabetic, so I'm always looking for natural, flavorful drinks without a lot of added sugar. Switch fits the bill for me. It's lightly carbonated, much less than a regular soda. The fruit flavor is very natural.<br /><br />The Orange/Tangerine tasted primarily like orange at first. But then I noticed a distinct tangerine aftertaste. The drink actually tasted very much like the tangelos I had the day before! Excellent!<br /><br />The can is also smaller than a regular soda can. That's okay with me, it's fine for a light drink when I'm thirsty. A full can of soda is sometimes a bit too much.<br /><br />Switch will probably become one of my drink alternatives, and I'm looking forward to trying the other flavors.
I drank a single can of the Switch Orange Tangerine flavor today.  Upon first impression, the physical size of the can is a tiny -- 8oz or 250ml.  This in contrast to a regular can of soda size which is 12 ounces or 355 ml.  Therefore, only about 2/3 the content of a normal can of soda.  To say the least, this isn't enough liquid for me in one sitting.  I need more to drink than that to quench a tiny bit of thirst so I was quite disappointed without even opening the thing up.<br /><br />The taste of the drink itself was satisfying.  Since there is no added sugar (which is usually corn syrup in the US) the flavor was not too sweet nor was it too bland.  However, it wasn't anything like drinking a fresh bottle of 100% natural juice.  More on the side of mixed syrup with water.<br /><br />What kills this product is the high price.  Product right now comes out to about a buck a can.  I would be angry paying that out of a vending machine for its small size but for purchasing in bulk, it is an insult to say the least.  Not worth the money.
The SWITCH ORANGE TANGERINE SODA doesn't taste too bad and it is carbonated, but the taste reminded me of orange juice that went sour. You know, when the O.J. has gone way past the expiration date and you gulp some and it has that bitter acidic taste.<br /><br />Anyway, the soda is made from a combination of apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola juice, and doesn't add sugar, corn syrup, preservatives or artificial colors. It's also gluten free so that's good news for those who are trying to watch what they eat and drink.<br /><br />The 8.3-ounce can is smaller than the standard 12-ounce can of soda and maybe it just takes a couple of tries to get used to the flavor.<br /><br />Like I said, not bad but I'll stick with regular/diet soda. But for a healthier alternative for soda lovers, I suggest trying one of the "SWITCH SODAS" OR any naturally flavored sparkling water.
I'm a fan of all-natural anything, especially when it's a tasty and healthy alternative to something I've enjoyed my whole life, but I know is 'bad' for me.<br /><br />Regular soda is one of those 'bad' things.  Loaded with artificial colors, sweeteners, corn syrup...yuck.  Hardly seems worth the risk when I'm also getting 150 empty calories on average.<br /><br />And now Switch has come along.  True to its claim, there's nothing artificial in it.  Just juice, sparkling water and other 'all natural' ingredients.<br /><br />That's great.<br /><br />So I chose this particular flavor (orange tangerine) because I wanted the strong citrus taste I love.  This drink, however, failed to meet their promise.  Yes, I can 'taste' the orangy citrus, but as much I can taste the apple and grape juices used as well.<br /><br />Moreover, this doesn't have that bold 'pop' to it as other carbonated beverages have.  I've had mineral water with more bite.<br /><br />But the worse part about this 'good for me' drink is in clocks in at 140 calories (the same as a regular can of Coke) and 36gcarb/34g sugar (compared with Coke at 39/39).<br /><br />On the up side, it has less than half the sodium as many regular colas and does deliver 100% Vit C and 20% Vit A. But if I wanted those kind of health benefits, I'd rather take them directly from the source: an orange.<br /><br />Overall, the all-natural health pros of Switch Orange Tangerine, simply don't justify the high calorie and carb count.  The Switch Beverage Co. may have done better to sell sparkling water with a twist of orange peel if they wanted to provide a truly healthy alternative to traditional sodas.
I like carbonated fruit juices and I think this one is fine.  It has a more tangy formula than the name suggests; it's more of a light fruit punch.  It's refreshing and a good serving size, in my opinion.  It's wonderful to have something that doesn't contain high fructose corn syrup!  What's here instead is: 100% juice (filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates, apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola juice concentrates), gum acacia, natural flavors and colors, ascorbic acid (vitamin c), contains soy.  Delicious.  Sweet.  Light.  Fruity.  Tangy.  Yum.
Sometimes if too many flavors are mixed together, the result tastes like none of them.  This doesn't taste like orange or tangerine.  It tastes, to me at least, very sweet and sort of orangy but not tart at all, and I like my citrus type sodas to be tart and sort of sour.<br /><br />Still, great for those who are trying to get away from the high fructose corn syrup diet.
I haven't seen this brand in cans before; how exciting!  I know this brand can be hard to find at the store so it is nice to see it being sold here at Amazon.  I am a big fan of 100% juice that has been lightly carbonated and have tried the few brands that are available and Switch is one of my favorites.  My biggest beef with the brand is that it is just super hard to find, which has now been resolved.  I have to say that I don't love the orange-tangerine flavor, which is why I gave it four stars instead of five;  I just don't really like orange flavored drinks but did like how this one had more tangerine flavor than straight-up orange.  I would definintely recommend this brand!
I was really looking forward to sampling this product. It's not bad, but a little too sweet-tasting for me. Also, at 140 calories for an 8.3 oz can, I thought that was on the high end. But it does contain 34 grams of sugar, and one must remember that fruit juice is not low in calories. I would have preferred more sparkling water and less juice. On the plus side, it has no artificial ingredients or colors. And no corn syrup! I am sure many will like this product more than I, especially those who prefer more sweetness in their beverages.
This 8.3 ounce can of carbonated beverage is tangy and tasty. And the slimmer size can means that you are drinking a smaller serving than an ordinary can of soda. But although it's 100% juice, it still packs quite the calorie punch. One can is 140 calories, which is almost exactly the same as in a 12 oz. can of regular Coca-Cola! So it may be slightly healthier than drinking Coke since it has no caffeine or high-fructose corn syrup and it has 100% of your requirement of Vitamin C. But it's not going to make you as slim and attractive as the packaging!
I drank this and could tell very little difference from a regular orange/tangerine flavored soda, which is quite impressive considering that this drink is made from 100% juice!  It has 140 calories and a great alternative to a regular soda.  I will definitely be purchasing these in the future!  I also tried their Kiwi Strawberry carbonated juice and enjoyed it as well.
This product is not a soda but a carbonated juice. This soda has a nice taste- its not as sweet and as pure orange-tasting as typical orange soda-like drinks. It's not pure orange juice- but made up of a mixture of several different juices including apple, orange, grape and tangerine.  That juice blend gives it a slightly tangy taste that is actually at first slightly surprising and mostly refreshing.  The carbonation also seems lighter to me than soda but it is definitely there.<br /><br />The things I like about this product are the smaller can size (8.3oz)which makes it a more appropriate serving that a regular soda.  I also like the bright packaging and the pleasant taste.  After reading the ingredients of SWITCH carefully- I see that it is all juice just as it claims- so its probably a better choice than a regular soda.<br /><br />This product has no added sugars just as advertised on the can- but buyer beware- its still kind of high in sugar because fruit juices are naturally high in sugar. As always be sure to read the label if you are concerned about sugar levels.<br /><br />Overall I think this product is a good size and has a pleasant taste- especially if you are looking for something that tastes like an orange juice blend.  Traditional orange soda fans might be slightly disappointed in the taste.
I have a big sweet tooth and thought I would really like this, but it was too sweet even for me. I even tried adding water, but that didn't help. I haven't tried any of the other flavors, so I can't comment on the brand in general, but I'll never try this flavor again.
If you think this is going to be a healthy product, you are sadly mistaken. It still contains 36g of sugar per can!  If you want to end up a fat diabetic, by all means, try it. Otherwise, try the ZERO CALORIE, ZERO SUGAR, ZERO CHEMICAL naturally fruit flavored seltzers like those by La Croix.
These are definitely not worth close to a dollar a piece.  If they were at my local grocery, I might give twenty to thirty cents per can for them.  I didn't really like the flavor that well, but if you did, they might even worth up to fifty cents per can.  Otherwise, pass these up.
Dare I be corny and say, "Make a switch to The Switch?"  This soda has a great orange-tangerine taste.  It is juice with carbonation, therefore, it can tout that it is all natural, without any added sugars.  It lacks that sickly sweet taste that soda with high fructose corn syrup tends to have, which is a bonus.<br /><br />This can at 8.3 oz is following the `skinny can' trend, as well, which I think is great for packing in a cooler, your bag, or a picnic basket.  I would put these out at a party, as well, for mixed drinks, self service, and sake of ease.
This had a nice citrus flavor, but it was too sweet and actually flat. I did not get any kind of fizz or sparkle. For the amount of sugar and calories, I rather would have eaten a piece of fruit and drank a glass of seltzer water - less calories and more satisfying in my mouth. I got this on GB special for about $13.52 for the case. I don't think I will purchase again.
I liked the level of carbonation.  It was actually more highly carbonated than I was expecting, but didn't taste dry the way I would expect an artificial-sugar-free drink to taste with carbonation added.  I was hoping it would taste more "orangey," but the tangerine is the more dominant flavor (along with apple, a common juice "filler").  Despite having "no added sugar," however, there is still 34 grams worth of it in the small 8.3oz can.  Basically, other than having 100% of the daily value of Vitamin C, this drink could easily be replaced with a better tasting orange soda that is in a 12oz can and costs far less.  Unless you really like the taste, or you want to ensure your Vitamin C beverage stays fresh longer, I'd give this one a pass.
After the JP Morgan Corporate Challenge road race in Boston, they were handing these out at the finish line.  Not only was I able to try the tangerine which I got from Amazon I was also able to try a few of the flavors.  They were all really delicious.  They weren't heavy like a lot of sodas and you could taste the real fruit ingredients instead of the usual artificial flavorings.  The tangerine was especially good.  It was crisp, tart and refreshing and actually made for a nice recovery drink after the race to get some carbs back into the system.  My only complaint is that 8.3oz left me wanting more like a 12oz can.  Very good.
A good drink, about 3 WW points. I mean it's about what you'd expect from an orange soda- expect it's all natural, so you recognize the things on the ingredient label.<br /><br />Downside- really a lot of calories for such a small can!
The logo on the can states "0% of what you don't want..." but that's not quite true. It's quite tasty, but loaded with calories.<br /><br />Next time, they need to leave out the sugar as well.<br /><br />Also, this drink isn't readily available.
I've tried other flavors of Switch carbonated juice drinks and have enjoyed them. However, this particular flavor of orange tangerine was way too sweet. I felt like I was drinking some sort of carbonated orange ade drink and could barely get it down. While I would probably purchase the other flavors of Switch, I definitely would not purchase this one.
So far I've only tried the Orange Tangerine flavor and it's pretty good overall.  It does have a tangerine taste to it, though it's accompanied by other flavors.  It's clearly much more natural than regular soda or those 10% juice drinks since it's just fruit juice concentrates and carbonated water vs. the typical high fructose corn syrup plus artificial flavors, colors and preservatives in something like Sunkist.  I think the juice blend is appropriate for this type of beverage.  It does contain more apple and grape than tangerine or orange, but those first two juices complement the carbonation well viz a viz sparkling cider.  I think straight carbonated orange/tangerine juice would probably be a bit much.  The Switch reminds me of Appletiser, which is one of my favorites and has been around for many years, but is still pretty hard to find in the US.<br />That having been said, I had to dock one star for a couple of reasons.  First, the cans just seem too small.  If they're sticking with aluminum cans, I'd like to see the standard 12oz size offered.  It seems like that would also have the advantage of making it easier to offer in regular beverage vending machines.  Alternately, 16 or 20oz bottles would also work.  The second issue is the price.  While I understand there's a huge difference between the cost of real juice and artificially flavored corn syrup, the current price still seems high, even in comparison to other juice drinks.  That might be partly because it's from a relatively small company that doesn't yet have the giant economies of scale that the likes of Coke and Pepsi can take advantage of, but it still seems like the price could come down a bit (or at least serving size could increase without a price increase) and it could perhaps still be made back up in increased sales volume.<br />I pick up Appletiser when I can find it, and I'll likely do the same with The Switch, at least from time to time.
I was anxious to try this, but upon the first sip it was apparent to me that this drink was not going to go well for me.  It has a very sharp/harsh citrus-y metallic flavor and combined with the overwhelming sweetness, the two seem to battle it out in my mouth for dominance.  After awhile it seemed like the drink was going down more like syrup more than a carbonated beverage.<br /><br />The can is small at 8.3 oz (a regular sized pop can is 12 oz) and the cost of these little guys seem a little bit astronomical.<br /><br />I also am a bit dubious of its attempts to seem like a healthy alternative to pop.  It still has loads of sugar in it.  So when they claim "no additional sugar" this may lead you to believe no sugar or low sugar... but it does in fact have 34 grams.
This drink tastes just like soda to me. Very strong and sweetened soda. It reminds me a lot of Fanta back in the day (1970s). I know it says it has all these vitamins and that it's healthy, but the flavor and amount of calories would keep me from buying this drink as a "health drink". There are plenty of vitamin and flavored waters and sports drinks that would serve the same purpose without all those calories. If I want a soda, I certainly wouldn't pay a lot of money for something that tastes just like it but costs 4 times as much (at a guess). I do love the taste of Fanta, though.
This is my second can of "The Switch" that I'm reviewing under the Amazon Vine program. And while this one is perhaps a bit better it still has the same basic issues -- it's over priced at almost $1 for a mere 8.3oz can in a 24 pack, but more importantly it really just doesn't taste like orange or tangerine at all. The ingredients actually list apple juice as the first type. Now why would you put apple juice in an orange drink? Now don't get me wrong, it tastes exactly like one would expect carbonated juice to taste...but the flavor isn't all that appealing.<br /><br />I love orange juice, drink it every day. I'd love to try carbonated orange juice...but this is far from that. It MIGHT be a good substitute for normal soda for kids, but I can't imagine any other real reason to get this.
Note: This is my first review of a product that is not a book, so please forgive me if I miss something.<br /><br />I'm not a huge fan of fruit drinks like The Switch, but I decided to go ahead and give it a shot. After having my first drink, I can honestly say I wanted to hate it. I mean, seriously, I'm drinking this can of 100% fruit juice with carbonation and reading all these really stupid quotes all over the can (i.e. "100% of what I want in a soda, 0% of what I don't"), wondering how much a 8.3 ounce can of this junk costs (thinking somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.50 or $3.00; and thinking, if I wanted to drink some juice and would drink some juice! I couldn't stop thinking about what is so special about carbonation that I would want to drink this over a glass of OJ. I wanted to scream!<br /><br />However, I kept my cool, and finished the drink. There was something about this particular flavor that was enjoyable, but not engrossing. There was something in the aftertaste that I did not like, and I think it had to do with the tangerine juice. Tangerine's aren't my bag, either; but it was tolerable.<br /><br />After discussing this product with my wife (I know, this drink apparently also contains the conversation starter attributes, bonus points for that I suppose) she was like, "this sounds great. Is it like those <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001IW25RK">Izze POMEGRANATE SPARKLING 100% JUICE DRINK</a>??" I responded: "Um.... I guess so..."<br /><br />I then also looked up the price and learned that I had grossly overestimated the price of a single can (being just over a single dollar). Despite my wanting to hate this product, I've decided to step out of my anti-contemporary culture box, view this product for what it is, and give it a middle rating of 3 stars.<br /><br />I can see the attraction; I can see the appeal; I just won't ever buy it. I'll stick to my glass of Orange Juice and Tang any day.<br /><br />Good drinking,<br /><br />J.Stoner
I really enjoyed this drink.  It tasted just like an orange soda, but I liked it more because it was 100% juice, and didn't have any extra additives.<br /><br />The only negative is that since it is 100% juice (and has no artificial sweeteners) it is high in calories -140 calories to a can, to be exact.<br /><br />However, if I were to choose between drinking this or drinking an apple or orange juice, I definitely would drink this as a treat.  Plus, it would be really fun to pack in a cooler, especially for the young ones in your family.<br /><br />Please note, it is not just a single type of juice.  It is a blend of several juices, so it is not "carbonated OJ", it is something just a little different.
I also reviewed the Jones Soda Berry Pomegranate vitamin water and that one fell short because it was mostly water and sugar and cost over $1 per bottle.<br /><br />The Switch Orange Tangerine is much better in my opinion in terms of flavor. It's also carbonated up quite a bit and has added ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) which gives it a lot of tang/bite. For me it isn't unpleasant at all - I like it.<br /><br />Contrary to other reviews, I don't get the medicine aftertaste. It's just a good, refreshing, carbonated drink. I tried this after getting in from a fairly warm bike ride and it does a pretty good job of quenching thirst. I tried it straight from a room temperature can and over ice and both were great. I like it over ice better, though. Then, just for fun, I added some Malibu rum to see how it was as a mixer and it's not bad. I won't be asking for it at a bar, but it gets the fruity flavor with the coconut rum and I think if someone was creative, this could be a match made in heaven.<br /><br />The down side (to me) is this is another fairly pricey drink. The cans aren't full-size cans either. So for almost $1 per can you get a smallish 8.3 ounces but with regular sodas you get 12 ounces - half again as much. Of course, sodas aren't 100% juice either.<br /><br />Upshot is if I'm on a beach somewhere and hot and thirsty, I'd probably buy this. For stocking at home, I'll stick with regular frozen orange juice or orange juice in a carton. I would recommend trying it for yourself, though. This seems to be one of those drinks that could sway pretty hard depending on personal preferences.
Like many others, I found The Switch Orange Tangerine to be a little hard to classify. It's not too sweet, and not too tart, with a lot of flavor. But it distinctly tastes "blended" - creating a "real" flavor by playing with others.<br /><br />It doesn't really claim to be healthy, it just insinuates it in a number of ways. On the other hand, it's not too overly sweet like a typical soda and I found the carbonation was just about right.<br /><br />Bottom line - it's fairly tasty, but the small size for the price is a downside.
I suspect this drink is an acquired taste. After the first sip, I was reluctant to take another. The second sip was an improvement and the third even more so. By the end of the can, I was finding it fairly enjoyable.<br /><br />It was only after I had finished that I noted the Alka Seltzer-like aftermath. Yuck.<br /><br />Still, I am sure I could get used to it after a few more tries. This is, I think, the problem with the drink: I would drink it because it presents itself as being good for me, not because I was blown away with taste or a feeling of refreshment.<br /><br />I would not buy it again.
I am very fond of citrus drinks to begin with, so maybe I am biased.<br /><br />But what I liked most about this was it wasn't too sweet and it is all natural.  And it has a real citrus taste not a fabricated one.<br /><br />Love it.
I was pleased to discover that Switch Orange Tangerine is actually quite tasty.  More please to find out that it contains no sugar, corn syrup or artificial flavors.  What it does have is several healthy ingredients.  I highly recommend it.
You know what one of my favorite sounds is? The sound of a can opening. I think it's weird, consider I'm not a huge soda drinker...since I find most sodas too be way too sweet or sugary.<br /><br />This is a review for an Orange Tangerine drink from Switch. I've never heard of them, but I was feeling kind of thirsty so I ordered a can from the vine program. It's an 8.3 ounce can of 100% carbonated juice (plus gum acacia, natural flavors and colors, ascborbic acid and soy). I don't know what to think about some of the ingredients, but I certainly do know that I like: that it's only 8 ounces and that it has no corn syrup!<br /><br />It tastes very similar to canned Minute Maid drinks, especially the Vallencia Orange offering...but does have a slightly sickly sweet aftertaste.  I don't know if I'd run out and buy a 24 pack, but if I saw this in a restaurant I'd definitely consider it as a tasty complement to a sandwich and potato chip lunch.<br /><br />The last thing I like is about the company: it seems to be an independently owned shop, and I like that.
Very refreshing!  Ingredients are 3 different fruit juices, sparkling water, and no sugar!  About 150 calories per can, and they're smaller than regular soda cans.  So the ingredients are pretty natural, but 150 calories might be too much for some people!
100% of what you want, 0% of what you don't is proudly emblazoned upon the can that contains Switch's Orange Tangerine carbonated juice. It certainly tasted all-natural, as there wasn't too much taste really.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, it was all right, but I would say it tasted kind of like Sprite with a couple of orange flavored Alka-Seltzers tossed in. Another note is that it is rather small at only just over 8 ounces. However, it still had enough orange taste I suppose, so if you want an all-natural mild orange flavored carbonated juice drink, then you've just hit the jack-pot!<br /><br />If not, you may want to pass this up, mildly recommended.
One of my favorite but rare indulgences is a can of orange soda; so I was looking forward to the combination of bubbles and orange flavor when I popped open my can of Switch Orange Tangerine. To my disappointment, it tasted more like fruit punch, perhaps because of the apple and grape juices in it to sweeten it. I would say the makers of this drink went overboard on the apple-grape combo, not just in the flavor department, but in the sweetness. It's sticky icky sweet, more than any of the cheaper brands (Sunkist, Crush and others) of orange soda, or the higher priced goodies like Orangina and the delectable Izze.<br /><br />It is fairly healthy however, with no bad stuff and quite a lot of Vitamin C (100% based on 2,000 calorie intake), All Natural, etc. My recommendation is for more orange, less apple/grape, or change the label flavor to "mixed fruit." It's 140 calories per cute little 8.3 oz can, and if you're not expecting orange you may like it. So far, the taste winner for cute little cans for me is Izze's Grapefruit, which has the perfect balance of flavor and carbonation, with the right amount of sweetness.
To me, fruit juice in small cans are simply a staple - first example that comes to mind is good ol' Dole pineapple juice. The trend towards trendy little "health" beverages in overpriced little cans is nearly tragic.<br /><br />There is nothing about this product that would compel me to buy it. If I want a soda, I'll just grab one. I don't drink enough of them to have much dietary impact and despite the claim of "100% What You Want", there is nothing in here for me. If I want 100% Of What I Want, I will buy a few oranges and some seltzer water. If I want "0% Of What You Don't Want", well, why buy it?<br /><br />This is a time when we had better look pretty closely at what is an indulgent convenience and what is a necessity, and how to find a happy medium. I consider the likes of Pellegrino Aranciata, Orangina and Izze a luxury, and when I indulge it is a true delight.<br /><br />"Switch" is a product that is not better tasting, proven healthier, or even less expensive than any of many other alternatives. Once again marketing is driving product creation and design, and that is a hateful concept.<br /><br />If you want a similar taste experience for about the same price,  pick up some Alka-Seltzer Cold Plus Nighttime- you'll stop sneezing and sniffling and get a great night's sleep.
The first sip gave a pleasing flavor burst with a light tang of carbonation.  When testing the black cherry flavor, I had placed the can in the freezer for a short period, since I prefer drinks to be ice cold or hot; I didn't want lukewarm to get in the way of a positive response to the first sip.  As the drink warmed a bit, the sweetness overtook the carbonation, which is inevitable in a carbonated beverage, yet, due to the purity of the fruit base, the flavor remained true and welcome.<br /><br />When trying the kiwi flavor, I just had the drink chilled perfectly for me, no ice crystals.  I like the kiwi even better than the cherry!  The kiwi has more tang.  See below (or on the product description on the buying page) for the juice blends used.  I've noticed that most juices currently have apple and grape included, likely because those are cheaper to produce.<br /><br />The way the drink was promoted wasn't a lie!  It worked for me:<br /><br />1. "100 % of what you want.  0% of what you don't want."<br /><br />2. "Make The Switch to a great tasting, all natural beverage that's the perfect balance between JUICE and CARBONATION."<br /><br />3. The logo has "THE" placed upside-down and reversed, atop "Switch," with a swirl designed around the words, the swirl imitating the symbol for reversing something.<br /><br />4. The ingredients read: "100% juice (filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates, apple, grape, kiwi, acerola* [I added the asterisk; see below] and raspberry and strawberry juice concentrated), natural flavors, ascorbic acid (vitamin C)"<br /><br />5. 100% juice carbonated.<br /><br />6. The can is smaller than the norm for soda pops, which I also liked, because when I used to drink sodas regularly, I usually opened a can and left half of it to get too warm (and fizzed out), so the remainder went down the drain (after I returned it to the fridge for a few days hoping I might drink it).  I drank the whole can of Black Cherry!<br /><br />I decided I liked the near slush state of a short stint in the freezer... leaving it too long, though, might cause too much separation of the fruit concentrate from the fizz water... and, of course, makes it undrinkable from the can until it melts enough to flow through the hole in the top.<br /><br />In the past, when I had begun wanting something more natural than most soda beverages (with phosphates, etc., added), I had used frozen orange juice concentrate added to Club Soda or Ginger ale.  It didn't take long to feel that the process was too much trouble (and it was more expensive than the cost of the Switch product).  Also, I like the types of fruits Switch is using.<br /><br />At first I was confused at the acerola* ingredient, not knowing what it was.  Since my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00154JDAI">Kindle 2: Amazon's New Wireless Reading Device (Latest Generation)</a> was at hand, as always, I looked up acerola in the onboard dictionary.  The word wasn't in there, so I pushed the curser to the right, on the arrow for more types of searches, and used my standby, Google, and found several listings of acerola.<br /><br />Briefly, I found that it's thought to have originated from the Yucatan, and is known as Barbados cherry or wild crape myrtle, a tropical fruit-bearing shrub.  Reading into the variety of praiseworthy qualities of that cherry, I was impressed!  It has 32 times the amount of vitamin C as Orange juice, and many other healthful assets.  If you're interested in details, feel free to go Google.<br /><br />I'm beginning to think that many of the flavors available from Switch will include equally intriguing tropical fruits.  (I was glad to see that other flavors also have acerola in them).<br /><br />Though the can is appealing and fine, this beverage is good enough to deserve a designer bottle to appeal to the gourmet crowd who want flavor without true health issues... don't get me started on the myriad of heavy promotions of pseudo health issues.  I have a book in progress to be published on KINDLE, which will debut with steam hissing out of Kindle's ears, at no extra charge!  (I'll add a comment to this review about why I had quit drinking soda pops, which will explain why I will be happily able to welcome Switch into my diet.)<br /><br />My thanks to THE SWITCH for providing a healthy, gourmet quality drink... WITHOUT, thank God, SOYBEANS added!!<br /><br />I'm hooked!<br /><br />Linda Shelnutt<br />Author of several Kindle books and Amazon Shorts<br /><br />P.S.<br />With chagrin and apologies I've had to add comment updates here
The drink is 100% juice concentrate reconstituted with carbonated water.  It tastes like a cross between <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GN4OHK">Orangina Sparkling Citrus Beverage with Natural Pulp - 24 Cans</a> and the orange drink from McDonalds.<br /><br />It was refreshing at first, but the aftertaste is abrupt and almost chemically.  It's odd, because the drink doesn't have any unnatural flavors, according to the ingredients list.  If the end flavor was more natural, I would definitely buy it again.
The Switch Orange Tangerine presents  an alternative to ordinary soft drinks, offering one- hundred percent of what you want in a drink and zero percent of what you don't want; or so the manufacturer claims. This is a newer brand of beverage and it follows a trend toward healthier alternatives for every day foods and drinks- a trend that has been gaining steam as more and more individuals look for ways to improve their health.<br /><br />This beverage offers a taste that is refreshing, but slightly different than what I expected. Yes, you get to experience the taste of juicy oranges and tangerines, but there are other flavors present as well and I couldn't quite put my finger on these other flavors until I read the ingredients and discovered that The Switch Orange Tangerine is also made with apple and grape juices. The grape is barely noticeable, but the apple can be detected and it, along with added soy, is responsible for the interesting taste sensation that you experience in the aftertaste.<br /><br />The Switch Orange Tangerine is billed as a health drink and it does, indeed, have many positive selling points in terms of composition and nutrition. There is no added sugar, no artificial colors, no corn syrup, and no preservatives. The beverage is also gluten- free and provides one- hundred percent of the USRDA for Vitamin C and twenty percent of the USRDA for Vitamin A. There is no fat and no protein, either. But there are thirty- four grams of sugars and a fairly high level of calories. Granted, these are natural sugars but thirty- four grams is still a large amount and it won't be acceptable to those on low carb diets.  And with almost seventeen calories per ounce, the caloric content is higher than that of most soft drinks.<br /><br />So, are there enough reasons to make the switch to The Switch Orange Tangerine? My answer is yes, due to both its good, refreshing taste and its better than average nutritional content. It isn't the greatest tasting orange beverage I have ever tried and it is more expensive than most other drinks, including regular orange juice. But it does have enough positive points to earn it a recommendation.
Sorry, but I just don't "get it".  You pay almost a buck for 8.3oz (just over a cup) of carbonated water and fruit juice concentrate.  FYI, the first one listed on the can is Apple. . . then Grape. . . then Tangerine. . . then Orange.  The taste is fine, but personally, I would much rather have a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice. .  .for a lot less $$. The can is small and cylindrical, like an energy drink, but there's nothing in this to give you a "boost".  FYI, there are 140 calories in one can.  If you have the $$ to spend, then yes, it's a tasty beverage.  But it's simply not a good value in my book.
Pros: not overly sweet like some juice drinks<br />  no caffeine<br />  no corn sweeteners (if that matters to you)<br />Cons:  expensive for the size (8.3 ounces)<br />  can't taste the orange or tangerine juices in it<br />  lots of calories<br /><br />I grew up eating oranges and tangerines off my grandparents' trees.  I was surprised that I couldn't taste those flavors in this drink, but then I looked at the ingredient list on the can and those were the juices that were used in the smallest amounts - probably to keep the cost down.<br /><br />I'll stick to the Sobe low-cal drinks and the 10 calorie Vitamin Water because 1 - they are cheaper and  2 - I'd rather save up my daily allotment of calories for something with more flavor.
This is not orange and tangerine juice; it's mainly apple and grape juice flavored with orange and tangerine. And I really don't care about the vitamin C content; vitamin C is easy to get.<br /><br />What I do care about is that this is definitely the worst-tasting soda of any type that I have ever tried. I couldn't pour it down the drain fast enough.
I realize that it is not quite healthy to guzzle 12-16 oz. canisters of liquid at a sitting, but this Switch Orange Tangerine flavored drink was so light and refreshing, and tasted so natural, that I could easily have downed another 8.3 oz can - or two. And that is the only reason this drink did not receive five stars - I wanted more and the little can was just not enough! It is the perfect size for a child, however - so perhaps that who the drink is targeted for. As an aside for those who prefer their beverages more adult-oriented, this Orange Tangerine Switch would make an awesome mixer with gin or vodka - cheers!
Expecting something like Fanta or Sunkist I was surprised how smooth and subtle Switch is. Definitely a good combination of refreshment and flavor. Love the fact that it doesn't tast too carbonated.
I tried the Black Cherry version and liked it but this one is much better.  Great orange taste plus the benefit of juice.  And no corn syrup sweetner for those worried about its use.  The carbonation helps make it a satisfying drink to quench thirst and the knowledge that it is healthy satisfies the mind as well.
The Switch Orange Tangerine drink is one of the many beverages out there that are trying to offer soda drinkers a slightly healthier alternative without sacrificing the flavor.  No mistake should be made to think that Switch is primarily a fruit drink.  Although it contains 100% juice, Switch is a soda first and a fruit beverage second.  The carbonation, combined with the various citrus flavors, make Switch taste a bit like Mountain Dew with an extra orange kick.<br /><br />Soda fans who like Mountain Dew but want something made of juice should love Switch, as it does offer a slightly healthier alternative to the standard carbonated drink.  Since there are so many fruit juices present each can has 100% of the daily recommended Vitamin C and 20% of the daily recommended vitamin A.  The lack of artificial preservatives does also give it a slightly more crisp taste.<br /><br />It's important to note that Switch isn't "sugar free," but rather has "no sugar added."  The distinction is missed by many, and could be very important for diabetics or anyone watching their sugar intake.  The drink actually has 34 grams of sugar in each can, but since it's coming from the fruit juice and not from high fructose corn syrup it's less of a problem for anyone looking for a more healthy drink.<br /><br />The biggest factor in deciding if Switch will be worthy anyone's time depends entirely on how much they enjoy carbonated citrus drinks.  Soda fans who want a fruitier and less artificial drink will probably love Switch.  People who just want fruit juice and don't enjoy the carbonated flavor should probably avoid, however.
In fact, I did not like the artificial taste in this orange drink. The degree of carbonation is alright and it does have an "orangey" taste to it. But I cannot ignore the artificial taste that accompanies this beverage. For now, I would stick with plain orange juice or other orange sodas like "Crush".
I grew up on orange sodas and thought this might be like a 'healthy' Crush. That would be a NO. Of course, tangerine has a bit of a different taste than orange as it's that much sweeter. Adding the carbonation to it just made it an unappealing fizzy, ultra sweet drink, not unlike cough syrup. Proceed with caution. Perhaps kids would find it super tasty.
As the title of my review indicates this product is nothing special in terms of taste. Granted it is missing some of the soda pop bad guys (high fructose syrup and coloring)but the taste is mediocre. This is not something you are going to rave about because of the taste. If you are a health food junkie you might overlook the bland middle of the road taste. Contrary to some reviews I did not find the drink exceptionally sweet but than again everyone has different taste buds. I am not a soda pop drinker so that might have some influence on my less than enthusiastic endorsement. I was switched off. Will this make you give up your favorite soda pop? Probably not. I like the idea of homemade soda water infused juice for that perky fizzing drink better than Switch. Not such a great product in my opinion.
The taste says fresh-squeezed quality fruit. The carbonation content is lower than some drinks of this variety. This ratio makes for a heavier juice drink. Though a delicious treat, especially with breakfast on the deck, I prefer to save a few calories (140 per can) and have more carbonation.
The Switch Orange Tangerine looked very promising. 100% juice, with some zippy carbonation. I placed it in the fridge, and let it get a nice chill. Hours later, I popped the top, and my wife and I sampled...<br /><br />And it tasted like drinking furniture polish. It's not like we we're searching for derogatory statements about Switch. Here is how the conversation went:<br /><br />Wife takes a swig, looks at me with eyes all googled. "Yuck. It tastes like furniture polish."<br /><br />I take the can from her, thinking she must be insane. I chug some down. "Ah, yeah...it does taste like furniture polish."<br /><br />We poured the remainder down the drain. If you enjoy drinking cold tangerine flavored furniture polish, by all means...<br /><br />BTW, this drink left a nasty aftertaste...still belching it up.
I didn't like this drink at all! It had a very strange, almost chemically taste to it. I also didn't appreciate Switch marketing itself as "all-natural" but had ingredients like "natural flavors and colors". What are they?? Are they even natural?? I even let my three year old try it but she couldn't even swallow it and spit it out in the sink. Too bad. It would have been a good alternative to sodas but not with this horrible taste. My daughter and I much prefer the OOba Hibiscus drink.
As advertised this product puts only a small amount of carbonation in the drink.  The taste is similar to Orangina but with a much more pronounced juice taste and mouth  feel.  It actually leaves a thick taste in your mouth similar to when you drink orange juice from concentrate.  It is a bit high in sugar but at least it is natural fructose sugar from the fruits (again, similar to real orange juice) as there are no added sugars.  Certainly not a calories conscience drink but not bad.  I do think the can is way too small but then again any more and the sugars and calories really soar.
It's basically carbonated fruit juice, but it's heavier on the juice than a similar drink like RW Knudsen's (the latter seems to never hit the spot). This drink is a great balance of fresh fruit taste, the right amount of bubbles and something like "zing". Very refreshing and tasty.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.
These 8.3 oz cans of Switch keep their promise. There are no added sugar, no corn syrup, and no preservatives. It is a carbonated all natural 100% juice. Like most of these `juices drinks' the ingredients state 100% Juice in this order; Filtered Sparkling Water Sufficient to Reconstitute Juice Concentrates, (Apple, Grape, Tangerine, Orange, and Acerola Juice Concentrates), Gum Acaia, Natural Flavors and colors, Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C) and Soy. I was very surprised that this taste like a great Tangerine soda. Each can has 140 calories, 1orNo thanks I am  swimming from 15 mg of sodium, 34g of carbohydrates, 34g of sugar and 100% of RDA of Vitamin C and 20 % of Vitamin A.<br /><br />I would be pleased to drink this sparkling orange/Tangerine flavored juice again. I found it to taste good and be a refreshing drink. But for my money I would rather by the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014X5O1C">IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Clementine, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a> brand of fortified sparkling juice that has a cleaner taste and fewer calories.
I'm always on the lookout for soda's that are made using real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup and fruit juice instead of chemicals. Switch's ingredients are: Filtered Water, apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola juice concentrates, gum acacia, natural flavors and colors and ascorbic acid (Vitamin C). It also says it contains soy so avoid it if you are allergic to soy. One can contains 100% Vitamin C and 20% Vitamin A. It also contains 34 grams of sugar and it tastes like it.<br /><br />The taste of Switch is very similar to regular orange soda which includes the syrupy taste that orange soda has. I personally don't like the syrupy taste and think this is way too sweet. I can see kid's liking the taste however and it is a much better alternative to regular orange soda. 34 grams of sugar is a lot for 8.3 ounces of a drink. I would avoid it for myself but may use it as an occasional substitute for my kids.
This tangerine soda reminds me a lot of the drink called orangina but with a pronounced tangerine flavor.<br /> It is basically an all natural carbonated juice. It is very refreshing and pleasant tasting. Over all I like it a lot.
Four people in my family tasted this orange tangerine drink.  It tasted good to all four people, and agreement from all four is difficult.  It does not taste like a soft drink, but much better.  If you are looking for a fiz that is tart, this is your drink.
Switch tastes more like chemicals than juice. I was expecting something along the lines of Orangina, instead it's closer to orange soda but without the carbonation level that makes orange soda enjoyable. For a small drink (8.3 oz), it's pretty high in calories (140). Frankly, I don't think the flavor is good enough to justify the caloric level.<br /><br />Bottom line: If you're die-hard soda drinker, this might be a better option for you. If you're a die-hard juice drinker, stick to juice. If you want fizzy juice, add a little seltzer to your fruit juice.
There are things that I recall from my childhood that I would rather not - being stung by a bee, chicken pox, all the attempts to learn to ride a bike before I actually learned to ride it, and Tang.  Tang was that chalky, never quite dissolved in the water, powdered drink that schools and company picnics would try to pawn off on kids as Kool-aid.  It wasn't Kool-Aid by any stretch of the imagination - it was Tang.  I've never heard anyone ASK for Tang... it was just what was there.<br /><br />So I get my can of Switch in the mail, eyeball the can... it's the same size and shape as an energy drink can... one of those "single shot" type cans.  Fearing that it was an energy drink I checked the label... says it's pretty much all juice, carbonation, and some natural flavors (including soy?!?) so I pop it open and take a swig.<br /><br />Now it MAY be 100% natural juices with some natural flavoring - but I know Tang when I taste it.  This is carbonated Tang... I know it is.  Somewhere out there is a giant warehouse filled with cannisters of powdered Tang and someone thought to themselves - what do we do with all of this stuff?  I know, mix it with carbonated water and voila! Now it's not Tang, it's Switch!<br /><br />In all honesty there are probably people out there who will love this drink - but for the price they are asking and the small size of the can - I would suggest whipping up your own Tang with fizzy water.<br /><br />Pros- Pretty much all natural - Juices, natural flavors and no unnatural dyes (good for the ADHD kids).<br /><br />Cons- I personally didn't care at all for the taste, a bit overpriced for what you are actually getting, can will trick many into believing they are buying an energy drink.
Overall the drink was decent. It's tart and sweet at the same time. Switch is alright but might not be worth the money depending on how much you like it. I myself would prefer a Spicy V8 over this. It might be a good substitute for some who don't want to drink as much soda, but for me i'll just stick with the v8 and the occasional soda.
This product has a nice smooth taste with the additional tanginess of tangerine.<br />It also has a little bit of a sweetness to it but syrupy sweet.<br />Not lingering or noticeable aftertaste.
This orange tangerine juice bills itself as having "100% of what you want" and "0% of what you don't want." It is pure orange and tangerine juice with a bit of carbonation, but no added sugar, preservatives and carbonation.<br /><br />Of course, that's all great, but the big question is how it tastes. I'm pleased to be able to say it tastes pretty good. It has a bit less zip than I usually prefer in my orange soda, but a nice orange / tangerine flavor and no noticeable aftertaste. I would definitely try this again if I had the chance.
When I first glanced at this item, my first thought was a Nehi orange-type soft drink.  However, it is made of 100% fruit juice with carbonation added.  It tastes way too sweet for my taste buds, much more than regular OJ.  In fact, it left an aftertaste in my mouth and I had to brush my teeth right after taste-testing it.<br /><br />I ended up mixing the rest with a shot of vodka and it made a great screwdriver with a kick of carbonation.
I enjoyed the product very much.  I like that it is not overly sweet or heavy.  There is no aftertaste and it goes down smoothly with just enough carbonation to give it body.<br /><br />The tangerine/orange taste I found to be clean.  If you like something that is sweeter, this might not be for you.  But if you enjoy the fruity taste with some carbonation it is quite nice.  I drank it chilled.  I don't think I would have enjoyed it at room temperature.<br /><br />The price might keep me away.  Almost a dollar per 8oz can is kind of tough.<br /><br />Four stars for taste and two stars for price = three stars.
This is a very tasty and refreshing little drink.  One of the best orange drinks you will find anywhere.  I only wish it were bigger, because it's that good.
Switch markets itself as an alternative to soda.  It is essentially carbonated fruit juice with no added sweeteners.  I do agree that if you are a person who drinks a lot of soda or have  child who does, switching to his would be the better alternative.<br />BUT - this drink is not healthy by any means, the amount of fruit juice required for it's tastiness results in a HIGH sugar and calorie content for a fruit juice.  You would not want to drink 5 of these in a day and the better option would be a piece of fruit with less calories and sugar.
This soda sounded like a good idea, but it is just too sweet. The orange and tangerine juice is clear and bitter tangy but the sugar in this particular flavor is overwhelming to me. (On the other hand I liked the cherry very much.) I would drink it anyway, if it were offered, it certainly is not terrible. But I would not buy it again.
I wrote a 5 star review of the Kiwi Berry flavor.  That isn't usually my favorite flavor of anything, but it was surprisingly good.<br /><br />Orange Tangerine (which would generally be among my first picks of fruit-flavored beverages is flat by comparison -- literally.<br /><br />It seemed to lack the right amount of carbonation.  It also tastes weaker and too sweet.<br /><br />Try the Kiwi Berry instead.
I really enjoyed the Switch.  It was a lot more carbonated than most sodas and stayed that way until I finished it.  I was also surprised that no sugar was added since it was sweet and had real crisp, tangerine taste.  It was similar to Sunkist pop but it tasted more like real juice.  I enjoyed the taste and if you have the extra money and want a healthier alternative, you might want to give it a try, but it is still 140 calories per can.  So it isn't exactly a diet drink.  And the price for the Switch is about 4 times the cost of most soft drinks so I think it would be out of the range for most people's pockets.
Now, we're not big juice drinkers in this family.  We take apple juice or cherry juice and mix it with unflavored seltzer water because otherwise we find it too sweet.  This is the same.  It's nicely carbonated, and it has a pretty authentic fruit taste, but it's still too sickly sweet.  Cut it half and half with unflavored seltzer and a little ice and you'll be happy.
8.3 ounces and a tad expensive is what I'd say about this drink.34 grams of sugar is also a negative for me. I'm not a sugar lover. All in all not big enough to quench my thirst,and not delicious enough to find me coming back for more.Natural but not that intensely citrus.
"Switch `Orange Tangerine'" is advertized as 100% juice with carbonation.  They were accurate as far as the 100% juice and (light) carbonation goes, but imagine my disappointment when I checked the ingredients, and I read the following: "100% juice (filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates, apple, grape, tangerine, orange, and acerola juice concentrates)...<br /><br />BTW - acerola is also known by the common names Barbados cherry and wild crapemyrtle. It's a berry that has extremely high amounts of Vit C.<br /><br />Anyway, back to the drink.  When I ordered this item I was expecting a carbonated "orange tangerine" drink, but that was not the taste I got.  After all, tangerine and orange are present in smaller amounts than grape and apple juices.  As a result this drink had a flavor more like a mixture of sparkling grape and sparking apple combined, with somewhat of a light citrus twist, but less carbonation than either sparkling grape or sparkling apple have.<br /><br />The overall flavor of "Switch" was all right, but it was not, in my opinion "orange tangerine" at all.  In that respect this drink was a great disappointment.  The manufacturer would have been more accurate to name this drink "fruit punch" or "fruit cocktail" or perhaps "grape-apple".  There is, by the way, already a "fruit punch" version...I wonder what's in that flavor that's not in this one?<br /><br />The can size is just adequate at 8.3 oz, but is, I would say, fairly expensive at nearly $1/can, especially when it's not what you thought you were getting.<br /><br />The drink does, to its credit, have 100% of the recommended daily amount of Vit C, and has only natural juices in it.  That is probably true, but...THIS IS NOT A DIET DRINK.  Just because the can says "no sugar added", that doesn't mean that there's no sugar in it.  There happens to be a significant amount of sugar in this drink (given the total volume you get/can)...if I recall correctly the contents label said 35g of sugar.  That's because 100% fruit juice is loaded with sugar, sugar like fructose.<br /><br />OK, frankly, the taste combo doesn't particularly appeal to me, that's why I didn't order the grape version of this product, and now that I know what's in the "orange tangerine" I wouldn't order it again.<br /><br />I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars though, simply because it's not really an orange-tangerine drink as advertized.  I guess I'll have to go with 2 stars.  (I don't know why 3 stars showed up for this product!?)  Alas...
I tried this along with two of my children and we all agreed that it tastes like spoiled OJ but fizzier. Maybe it would be an acquired taste but I won't  be drinking it again to find out.<br /><br />Oddly enough the black cherry version is quite good.
I really enjoyed this drink. The tangerine is very present and makes it very tasty. This drink is 100% natural and has no sugar added. The carbonation makes it a bit like a soda but a lighter and healthier one.<br /><br />I enjoyed it and I would definitely recommend it to others as an excellent alternative to regular soda.
Pop the can and get sensory caress from the orange scent.<br />The taste is pure citrus bliss. Great flavor. I'd say the flavor is halfway between fresh orange juice and really good orange soda. The tangerine is definitely present, but mostly only as a very pleasent after taste.<br /><br />Love it.
Good things come in small packages!! This is an excellent non-soda thirst quencher. No sugar but an outstanding taste!!
How can tang be lugubrious?  If you made it a bit watered down, a bit more aftertasty, a bit less child-friendly.  It's an all right soda, but I don't feel the thrill of drinking it that I did drinking tang as a child.  I can't pretend I'm an astronaut with this.  Sometimes, advertising just helps.
Taste like tang, only more expensive.  I'm not a fan of tang.  If you love tang and want some convenience, this just might be the drink for you.
Sadly, I was supposed to receive this product, but never did.  I imagine it's good given the others I've tried, but alas, that won't happen.  Still, I have to write a review, so there you go.
The Switch Orange Tangerine, 8.3 Ounce can packs a big punch in a teeny tiny can. Touted as a healthy alternative to soda, I couldn't help but taste the similarity between Switch and Coke's Fanta orange drink. The difference however is more than plain. Switch is supposedly 100% carbonated fruit juice with no added sugars. It actually has a pretty good taste -- if it is all natural, then I think kids would love it. I liked the carbonation -- it had tons of bubbles and a light airy feel to it. All in all, I would buy this product again.<br /><br />Natalie S. for Amazon Vine
Here's yet another carbonated juice drink, comparable with OOBA Hibiscus With Orange, 16 Ounce Bottle (Pack of 12) & <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014X5O1C">IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Clementine, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>.  This one, however, is an unusual combination of orange & tangerine.  I didn't really like the flavor much though I like both orange & tangerine separately.  But, the taste is in the bud (s).  I prefer the Izze of the 3.  As for the juice, it's more apple/grape than orange/tangerine & the Vit. C is the silly recommended dose--to prevent scurvy--not much really (per Linus Pauling).  True, it doesn't have corn syrup/sugar/or substitutes--which is nice.  But, at close to $1/8.3 oz it's equivalent to about $1.50 for 12 oz (in a pack of 24 small cans).  Seems pricey to me--why not just buy orange juice?
I thought it would have a clean, crisp taste, but it honestly tasted just like every other orange soda I've ever had.  Maybe that's deliberate; maybe they're targeting people who would otherwise drink orange soda, unless presented with a more "natural" alternative...  Regardless, it tastes exactly like carbonated reconstituted juice concentrates, with some orange coloring thrown into the mix, i.e., nothing special.
The advert for Switch describes it as a "healthy alternative to soda" and "a perfect balance beween juice and carbonation." To get right to it, let us tackle the first claim. The can of Switch I got (Orange Tangerine) was 8.3 fluid ounces. Those 8.3 ounces contain 36g carbs, 34g sugars and 15g sodium and packs 140 calories. To put this in perspective, the 20 fluid ounce bottle of vanilla Coke sitting on my desk right now  contains 28g carbs, 28g sugars and 25mg sodium, and has 100 calories. In other words, a bottle of conventional soda 2.5x as large has less calories, less carbs, and less sugars. Granted, Switch has less sodium, but if we poured equivalent amounts of drink, i.e. 20 oz vs. 20 oz, it would have much more. The drawing power of Switch, then, is that it boasts 100% RDA of Vitamin C and 20% RDA of Vitamin A vs 0% in these categories for Coke, and that it has plenty of carbonation to satisfy the taste of soda-lovers. In my mind this doesn't quite balance the scale<br /><br />As to the second claim: I liked the balance between a fruit juice and a carbonated drink. It reminded me of Orangina in that it is sharp and crisp and has a bite to it, but it might strike some as too sugary-sweet. All in all I think this is likely to be one of those drinks that people like very much or no at all, no in-betweens. However, it can be considered "healty" only in small doses (one can day, say) and should be avoided by low-carb dieters.
The only good thing was that it was not sweet, but the taste was just bad. I could understand and tolerate the taste if it was an energy drink, but this is not an energy drink.  I have been very open and have tried different carbonated orange drinks, and I have to say this is the least favorites of the 9 other carbonated orange drinks.  I prefer just mixing carbonated water with orange juice.
This product is tasty -- it's carbonated juice (a blend of several juices, mostly apple, grape, tangerine). But the 8.3 ounces costs $1 and contains 140 calories. This is a little rich for me, both economically and calorically. I would recommend this for someone who doesn't mind spending their money and calories on juice.
The Switch Orange Tangerine sounded delicious when I ordered it. I thought it would be very refreshing on these hot summer days. And it would be if the taste were better. Perhaps the other flavors might be better but the orange tangerine had a bad aftertaste. Stick with the real juice if you want that flavor. The sparkling juice idea is good, I liked the carbonation as it was refreshing.<br /><br />But the biggest drawback for me is the sugar. There was 34g of sugar in that little 8 oz. can. There is 40g in a 12 oz. can of Dr. Pepper. Way too much sugar.<br /><br />The other drawback for me is the price. I wouldn't buy it because it works out to be almost a dollar a can. If I'm going to pay that much, I would rather buy the regular juice (real, not reconstituted) in the store.
This product is a light and fruity carbonated beverage.  You might ask how that's different from any other soda.  The difference is that this one leans more on the fruit side rather than the soda or sugar side.  I liked that about it.  While it was sweet it wasn't syrupy sweet to the point that it was cloying and it did not have a strong after taste.  Also it had a much more juicy aspect to it.  Its kind of hard to describe but the best comparison I can make is it's like one of those fruity V8 juices only carbonated.  Maybe that's not right either but I'd recommend trying this at least once.  It just may be a taste you'll find you'll like again.
The citrus flavor is crisp and clear in this carbonated juice.  It's not too sweet, and the bonus of having no added HFCS or sugar is a winner.  The carbonation cuts the sweetness in a nice tart balance.  It is still high in calories, like any juice is, but I would definitely turn to this beverage over any of the manufactured sodas that contain added sugar, HFCS or preservatives.
Switch Orange Tangerine is ok but not what one might expect.  First of all, there is more apple and grape juice in here than orange or tangerine (this will not be a surprise if you are familiar with the other flavors as that is also true with them).<br /><br />Switch basically is carbonated juice.  The taste isn't a bad and it is supposed to be healthier than soda (which can be debated).  It is a reasonable drink for snacks but if you are going to need several if you are actually thirsty.
Unlike another product I reviewed for Vine, at least this product does not have sugar per se in it. It is carbonated water added to a concentrate mixture of (in this order): apple, grape, tangerine and last - as well as least -- acai concentrate. The first two on the list, apple and grape are two of the most common "fruit" sweeteners used in beverages etc. That is why the product tastes sweetened.<br /><br />It has 140 calories -- quite a lot for 8 oz of flavored carbonated water -- and all of it is from carbohydrates (36 grams) and over 90% of the carbs (34 grams) are sugars. Apple and grapes have some of the highest concentrations of "fructose" a fruit sugar that not only commonly appears in commercial beverages because it is sweeter than regular cane sugar and thus it is cheaper to use, but it is also known to cause diarrhea, particularly in children.<br /><br />So another drink on the hit parade of "pretend" healthy drinks- appealing to the masses' concern for their ever-growing girth -- and deluding them that this will help forestall continued growth.<br /><br />You are better off drinking diet coke. You would be even more better off buying the sparkling flavored waters with no calories. My favorite is Bella Familglia -- in pomegranate, lime, lemon and orange flavors -- and is sold from time to time on Amazon as well as your local supermarket.<br /><br />Better yet, buy some organic pure fruit juice -- such as pomegranate and pour  1/8 cup in a glass of your favorite sparking water or a quarter cup in a 16 oz bottle of your favorite sparkling water. At least it is the actual juice and not some fructose extract.
I think the Switch is a beverage with soda replacement in mind.  The can boasts it contains 100% of what one wants (being all natural, 100% juice, full daily serving of vitamin C, and the clincher, carbonated), while having 0% of what you don't want (no added sugar, corn syrup, preservatives or colors.)<br /><br />The Good - So with that in mind, I have to agree that it is refreshing to see companies trying to fill the void in "sodas" with no corn syrup, with tons of juice and vitamins to boot.  I like that you get a full dose of vitamin C, and a little bit of A.  As for taste, it has a nice slightly crisp bite of carbonation, and it's very orange tangerine-y.  It's a little heavy (read syrupy without being too sweet), but it does have a reconstituted juice base, so it gets a pass.  It's also in a single serving-size can (8.3oz), which is nice considering I typically treat most 20oz bottles as a serving, even though it's 2 and a half and I tend never do the math to figure out the true content of what I'm drinking.<br /><br />The Bad - The price is a bit steep.  At about a dollar a can, it's roughly twice the price as most 100% juices you can find, including most selections of orange juice.  Whereas a 64 ounce carton of Tropicana will run you upwards of four dollars, 8 cans of the Switch would cost eight bucks.  For soda lovers, the Switch is about twice the cost compared to your average 20oz bottle, and roughly 4 times the cost of cans (when comparing equal amount by the ounce.)  Also, read the ingredients, it contains more apple and grape juice than orange or tangerine, which means that the taste is probably aided by the natural flavors (which doesn't mean oranges, just that it was derived from natural substances not chemically made.)<br /><br />The Ugly - The Switch seems straight forward, but it's also a little devious which leads me to my biggest complaint.  Granted it's all natural, but each 8oz can contains 36g of carbs, 34 of sugar alone.  That's more sugar than soda, in some cases by almost 10 grams a serving.  More sugar (even if it's not corn syrup) is more calories per can, so even at it's single serving size you'd almost be better off drinking a Coke and taking a vitamin C pill.
The carbonation in this drink was way too much. So much in fact, that it over powered the flavor. (Orange-tangerine is usually very good together).  I expect this from a soda, but not a "healthy" drink. Lose some of that club soda bite and you have one delicious drink. Until then, I'll pass.
On the face of it, THE SWITCH Orange Tangerine beverage sounds quite good. It's a mix of concentrated fruit juices with mildly carbonated water. No added sugar, preservatives or caffeine are there to annoy the health-conscious. You get 140 calories from one 8.3 ounce can. (Probably too small a serving for most people.) There are small portions of natural flavor and coloring, gum acacia, ascorbic acid (i.e., Vitamin C) and soy. In case quantities, it's priced at under a dollar per can. Sounds pretty decent, right?<br /><br />The trouble is: it just doesn't taste that good to me. There is a vaguely unpleasant metallic quality to this stuff that I can't imagine many people warming up to. Perhaps the juice has reacted with the aluminum of the can. Perhaps my can had been sitting on the shelf for too long. Perhaps the acerola juice in the mix is an acquired taste; it's something I haven't tried before. Perhaps I got a bum can. Perhaps THE SWITCH just plain sucks. I really don't know, but I do know that I won't be drinking any more of it in the near future.
It's a small drink at just 8.3 ounces but that's probably the size drink we should all be consuming so I wont ding it on that point. It's made with good ingredients and as it says `No Sugar Added' but don't let that fool you into thinking it's low in sugar having 34 grams. A Coke contains 45g of sugar but it's almost 50% larger so even without adding sugar this is a drink that's fully loaded. In defense of The Switch at least the sugar is natural with no high fructose corn syrup. Obviously it has no caffeine which I have some issues with so that's a plus over soda although at 36g of carbs it seems a bit high and 140 calories is nothing to sneeze at.<br /><br />So it can't be considered a health drink since you can get lower sugar, carbs and calories from a similar size glass of Tropicana orange juice. So how is the taste? My wife described it as tasting like soap. I wouldn't go that far but I will say the despite its good ingredients it actually tasted artificial to me. I wasn't a big fan and personally I'm going to stick with water and orange juice.... and beer.
I was really surprised at the taste of the Switch Orange Tangerine drink. It reminds me of carbonated orange juice. It is a little on the sweet side but not too bad in my opinion. This is actually a beverage that I could drink all the time and not get tired of.<br /><br />The BEST thing about Switch is that it is HEALTHY for you and it doesn't have any added sugars and it has a lot of Vitamin C. Switch is a all natural beverage which is great. You can have the carbonation of a soda without all the unhealthy unnatural ingredients of a soda.<br /><br />If you want a great tasting drink that is healthy for you then I highly recommend Switch. If you like orange juice then I think you'll really enjoy this. The cans are a little on the smaller side though.
It has a nice taste.  Good for sipping.  If you drink soda or juice with your meals, this would be a decent alternative.  The tangerine taste is pronounced but not overpowering.  The carbonation is pleasant.<br /><br />However, it's not a drink I would normally imbibe.  I normally drink either water or beverages sweetened with something other than sugar.  And this has a LOAD of sugar.  Yes, they say it has no added sugar.  That's probably accurate.  But the natural sugar in the apple/tangerine/orange juices in this drink adds up to 34 grams.  Compare that to the same amount of Coke at 27 grams!  I checked a few other tangerine flavored sodas - they all had similar amounts of sugar as Switch.  I suppose tangerines are loaded with sugar.  Anyway, that's a lot more sugar than I normally drink.<br /><br />If the sugar isn't an issue, this is worth checking out.
This drink is very, very sweet, and only mildly carbonated.<br /><br />I don't drink soda, but i do occasionally like bubbles in my drinks. I had some hope that Switch would be a nice bubbly fruit drink to fill this need, but it's not. The ingredients may be all-natural, but it's still syrupy, and has an odd aftertaste that i think is from the added vitamin C.<br /><br />For regular soda drinkers, the sweetness may not be as offensive, but for anyone expecting something that tastes like sparkling fruit juice, this will be a disappointment. I'd still choose this over an orange soda, but i'd choose to have nothing at all rather than this.<br /><br />Also, note that the cans are only 8.3 ounces each, smaller than normal 12oz soda cans.
I really enjoyed this drink!  I am a lover of both orange juice and sunkist type drinks so I was very eager to try this drink.  It is the perfect combination of sweet and fruity!!!  The tangerine I believe helps give the extra lift of the sweet taste.  If you're trying to cut back on pop, I highly recommend this drink or even just for a refreshing treat!
While orange juice is the fourth ingredient in this drink,  the dominant flavor is a muddy orange which is backed up by a low level of carbonation.  I think that the use of the inexpensive apple and white grape juices as the first two ingredients (tangerine is third) is what results in the unpleasant muddied orange taste. Finally they threw in a bit of acerola juice but to no avail.  To my taste this stuff is suprisingly unpalatable.<br /><br />While the marketing suggestion is that the natural ingredients make these juices healthy that idea is negated by the high level of completely "natural" sugar in this or most any juice.  The healthy alterative to overly sugared fruit juices is to have a glass of cold water and a piece of fresh fruit.  Fruit has less calories than juice but overall more vitamins, minerals and fiber and a variety of natural antioxidants that most likely really are good for you.
I ordered this product after enjoying a previous Vine acquisition--<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00094JEUO">Izze Sparkling Clementine Soda Full Case (24 12oz Bottles)</a>--fully expecting to like it.  It appears that the use of 100% juice in this product makes a big difference from the Izze's use of 70% juice/30% sparkling water.  I like Izze, but do not like Switch much.<br /><br />Switch tastes -- and is -- just like orange juice, except it is carbonated.  I do not think orange juice was meant to be carbonated.  It just doesn't add anything to the taste or consistency that I found enjoyable.  It also left a lengthy aftertaste of juice burps which I did not enjoy.  So it is not that the makes have done anything wrong or poor quality, it is just that this reviewer did not like how the concept worked out.
I'm a big fan of avoiding corn syrup and a lot of the other ingredients that go into most processed foods and beverages these days, so this beverage idea really sounded good to me.  It doesn't contain a bunch of artificial junk in it, and it still tastes pretty good.  I could definitely drink more of these.  They won't ever be my favorite beverage, but then I'm more of a non-carbonated kind of drinker anyway.  This is definitely a good alternative to other products out there, and I'd like to try other flavors as well.
Switch is a decent soda, and definitely worth considering for those who want mainly natural ingredients. But I think it is overstating it a bit when the Switch can claims "100 % of what you want and 0 % of what you don't want" - or is soy something I would expect or want in a soda?<br /><br />For my personal taste, this Switch flavor (which was the only one I tried) was too sweet. It is hard to believe that there is no sugar added to that stuff.<br /><br />So - ok, but not great. I prefer <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NU4VSO">Izze Sparkling Pomegranate Soda 4 Pk (4-12 ounce bottles)</a> or any of the Izze flavors over Switch.
well, my husband, myself and my 12 year old son sampled this drink. My husband hated it. I felt like it was OK, but nothing to write home about. The taste to me was too orangey and for a "natural" product it sure didn't taste like one. My 12 year old liked it. He also likes gummy worms and sour straws, so you can take his review for what it is.<br /><br />I personally wouldn't buy this product.<br />2 stars
To be blunt, I was throughly underwhelmed with this product and I am finding it hard to come up the words to describe why, but the problem is that orange SWITCH doesn't have a lot going for it, so there isn't a lot one can say about it.<br /><br />To me, this product is canned orange juice and club soda, packaged in a trendy little can.<br /><br />And like all canned orange juice (Blue Bird brand, et. al.) there is an off taste to it that reminds you it isn't fresh squeezed juice.  Add to that this fizzy aspect, and its just kinda, well, there.<br /><br />I can't say that this is a healthy drink - orange juice has some of the highest concentrations of sugars for a fruit drink.  And its cost per can is steep, especially when compared to making this stuff at home with club soda and fresh squeezed juice.<br /><br />I can't give it one star - I would reserve that for something undrinkable as Amazon requires a minimum one star to do a review.  So my two star rating should be taken to mean that you can drink it and its unoffensive, but thats about all you can say about it.
I  highly recommend Switch if you are looking for a soda that doesn't have refined sugar and is loaded with flavor.  Sweetened with fruit juice (as opposed to high fructose corn syrup), this will definitely quench your thirst.  Plus, all you Tangerine lovers out there, this is the next best thing to eating the actual fruit!
A nutritionist once told me she could find something good about every food...except soda. Pop is full of CO2 (carbon dioxide), something our body is trying to get rid of, and refined sugar (which can ruin the teeth and provides empty calories). But even so, I still love it. I love the fizz tingling down my throat while while cleaning my palate and replacing it with sweetness. Nutri-sweet brings down the calories at the expense of flavor and has side effects like headaches and giving me a gnawing hunger.<br /><br />For fun occasions, I'll mix lemon-lime or plain soda water with juices for a delightful, and slightly healthier alternative to soda. Will the Switch Orange Tangerine soda live up to my expectations? A carbonated juice in a can?<br /><br />At first glance, the Switch can is...cute. It's a slender can with nice artwork. Fun to hold in your hand when you're used to the typical can.<br /><br />But when I taste it, I'm sorry to say, I'm a little disappointed. The Orange Tangerine Switch soda is not as tasty as regular orange soda, nor as orange juice. For a disclaimer, I'll mention that orange juice is not something that would normally taste great carbonated, so the other flavors of Switch might taste better. I got a kind of odd, bitter taste as I drunk the soda, but afterwards there was a pleasant aftertaste. The bitterness might be present in regular soda, but this is orange juice (with some others mixed in) and I know how it tastes without carbonation.<br /><br />I gave the Switch soda to both of my daughters who happily swigged it down with no concern from the odd taste I noticed.<br /><br />So while I won't be happily exchanging my occasional soda for Switch, I'm glad they are trying to do something a little healthier than we can feel more comfortable giving our children. And really, on a hot day, this would hit the spot.
I really enjoy trying new things, so I found the idea of this soda pleasing.  It is essentially carbonated fruit juice, so it is naturally high in calories and thus comes in a small container that looks a lot like an energy drink.  I think this might confuse some, leading to negative reviews based on the wrong preconceptions of what it is meant to be.  However, I think a very valid complaint comes from some that feel this "natural" drink tastes a bit artificial.  This is likely due to the use of fruit juices from concentrate, which always effects the flavor.  However, unlike the watermelon flavor, I found this variety vibrant and delicious.  The fruit flavor really comes through, including the often tricky tangerine.  It is an expensive treat, but would make a fun addition to breakfast in lieu of a similarly high calorie cup of orange juice.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this, but upon tasting it (very chilled), I have to admit, it's pretty darn tasty!<br /><br />To give you an idea of what it tastes like:  Take orange juice.  Give it the familiar "bite" of your favorite carbonated beverage.  Add a little tangerine for a slight citrus aftertaste, and there you go.  Basically, it looks and smells like orange juice, but it tastes like orange pop *should* taste, if it really tasted like oranges.  My wife said it reminded her of Minute Maid orange pop (or, as she would call it, orange *soda*).<br /><br />Our four-year-old son is eager to drink pop because he sees mom and dad do it occassionally, but we generally don't let him.  After reading the nutritional information on the can and seeing that there's no added sugar, corn syrup, preservatives, or artificial flavors, I can admit that I would have no problem letting him drink this instead of juice occassionally (but not *too* often, as it is quite a bit of sugar!).<br /><br />My wife made the observation that this drink would probably make a fantastic mixer for adult beverages.  Sadly, the sample we received was not enough to test this theory, but it should make a really, really good screwdriver.
I gave this a try because I love carbonated juice-stuff like bottled cranberry, apple, grape from Welch's and the like.<br /><br />Personally I liked this pretty well, though not as much as some other brands.  To me, it tastes and smells like tangerine, and I felt like I could kind of taste some of the component flavors making it up-the flavor is more complex than you'd get from a fruit flavored soda.  The carbonation is pretty light<br /><br />I definitely wouldn't mind trying some of `The Switch's other flavors...BUT, I split some of the tangerine flavor with a relative, and she thought it smelled like Jell-O, and didn't care for it-she said she'd rather have regular juice.<br /><br />I definitely liked this better than orange soda though!
Switch is a GREAT alternative to sodas for our family! Love them and I don't feel bad about the kids drinking them.  Great variety of flavors! I just wish they were more easily found in stores.
We really have to limit additives and sugar for our son with Autism. Switch Orange Tangerine really fills the bill. He feels like he's getting "real" fizzy soda, and mommy is happy it's not loaded with chemicals and additives and actually has real juice in it. A total win-win.
If you like your drink not so smooth and a bit "tangy"...this should work for you ....but... alas! ... not for  me..
Switch is a fantastic replacement for sodas. You still enjoy having the carbonation but with fruit juice. It is very satisfying.
Seriously a great orange drink on par with Orangina without being super crazy sweet.  I have purchased this frequently since my first taste of it through the Vine program. Also! Goes great with vodka or tequila!
Its nice to have a 'treat' to give my kids that they feel like they are getting soda---they love the taste and I don't feel like I'm having to compromise any quality .....<br />I don't enjoy soda but I do enjoy this product and occasionally will grab a can--great product at a good price!
This is the only flavor of switch I have tried.  It tastes just fine and is not overly sweet.  The carbonation is nice.  More importantly though, this makes a FANTASTIC mixer to use with vodka.
Ouch, this stuff is sweet, as in REALLY sweet...  This is really harsh tasting and we were disappointed.  Most soda doesn't have this much sugar, the 8.3 oz can has 29 grams of sugar, yikes!  For a 12 oz can of soda, that would be like having 45 grams of sugar, who would drink that?<br /><br />They need to water this WAY down, we're going to end up giving the rest of this away, we can't drink it.
Firstly, I hate orange flavored sodas. They all taste like ultra-fake chemical laden floor cleaner to me.  Switch is definitely NOT the case.  Finally an orange soda that tastes like real oranges and tangerines- who knew!  I thoroughly enjoyed this fizzy delight, which reminded me of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E3HLX6">San Pellegrino Aranciata Sparking Beverage - 24/11.5 oz cans</a> but sweeter.  This, and ALL Switch beverages are highly recommended.
I really enjoyed this soda. I used to be a big fan of Orangina a few years ago but Switch Orange Tangerine is WAY better -especially if your looking for a true orangey taste. A cold one of these would be very refreshing on a hot summer day. Tastes sort of like real orange juice mixed with seltzer, which begs the question why not just mix it yourself? (if your at home that is). But I wouldn't hesitate buying one of these when out and about. Very tasty.
I have tried a couple different flavors of this soda and found it to be pretty good.Its lighter than regular soda.
The only way we could make Switch Orange-Tangerine drinkable was mixing 50/50 with club soda. It was just way too sweet. It then tasted good, but Orangina and San Pelligrino both have awesome Orange flavored sodas out there with no need to mix! And surprisingly, imported San Pelligrino comes out to be cheaper because the cans are larger (11.3 oz. as opposed to 8 oz).
All of the Switch drink flavors taste good and go down refreshing, but this was the one that made me skeptical until I opened the can. It does taste like fresh tangerines, and the flavor is bright and not weak or watery. There's just enough fizz to add some interest, but none of the bad stuff people like to avoid in a soda: you know, artificial flavors and colors, preservatives and all that. It's just juice with fizz. In fact, it's good juice with fizz!
The product description says that it's "just juice, bubbles and vitamin C." Really, it's just the last two. It's not entirely flavorless, but I've tasted plenty of beverages that are much better than this one with a lot less carbonation.<br /><br />And, honestly, this "healthy" drink is rather easily replaced by a multivitamin pill. It's not really good for you, it's just not directly bad for you. Sincerely, I'm fairly sure that sucking on my couch cushions would garner you more nutrition than a Mountain Dew, so it's not like "better than soda" is really setting the bar high.<br /><br />Rather disappointing, particularly compared to the other Switch beverages.
This was pretty tasty, but orange has never been my favorite. I recommend it if you like oranged flavored drinks. I absolutely love the strawberry kiwi. These drinks are not too sweet, natural and refreshing I will continue to try them. My beverage of choice is water and milk (and wine ;0) )...but for an ocassional treat drinks like these are great.<br />Try them.
One of my longtime favorite drinks is a half-and-half combination of club soda and fruit juice. Most fruit juices by themselves are a bit too sweet for me (even the ones without added sugar), and the addition of carbonation just makes the whole thing more agreeable to me. This drink does this for me, and amazingly, they do not add a boatload of sugar. Too many off-the-shelf beverages--even those claiming to be healthful--have way too much sugar (or worse, the cheap corn syrup sugar substitute). These guys give it none of that. It's both tasty and refreshing. This is a product I would actually buy.
I really liked this drink.  It's 100% juice with no added sugar, so even though the sugar content is a little high, it has more nutrients than soda will have any day.  Switch tastes like tangy, carbonated orange drink, and that's fine with me!  I didn't notice any aftertaste, and I could feel safe drinking something fizzy (and tasty, unlike sparkling water) without feeling guilty about it.  But beware - each can is only 8.3 ounces, a little more than a cup.  You decide if it's worth it.
I like this 'Orange Tangerine' more than the other two of these drinks I reviewed previously: it tastes probably the least sweet of all three, but still a little too sweet-carbonated for me.  It advertises 'no sugar added' and '100% juice carbonated' and 'no preservatives', so I was expecting some sweet ~ this drink tastes like carbonated, watered-down orange juice, but it's actually a pretty good flavor, and packs 140 calories, 34g sugar and 36g carbs in a 'no sugar added'-'no corn syrup'- 'no preservatives'-'no artificial colors'-'gluten free' drink!  I would expect that from a juice like apple or cranberry, but I would also expect it to TASTE a bit more natural, and this one, like I said above, tastes like carbonated orange juice with tangerine ~ it's nice tasting, but too much in the way of calories & such for me to drink this very often.<br /><br />It was certainly good, but for the tastebuds of someone who WAS a lifelong soda drinker (diet soda for the past 12 years), and gave up soda a year ago(I very occasionally drink a carbonated beverage now) this is not the drink for me.  I mostly drink water, milk, iced tea, hot tea & coffee now, and this sweet tasting, sugary tasting beverage, had way too much carbonation & flavoring for me!  The orange tangerine flavors were nice but still TASTED fake, which is weird for a drink that touts things like '100% juice' and a label that says 'natural flavors'...I would recommend this product only to those who like somewhat sweet, fruitie carbonated beverages...enjoy!
First, I wish I had gotten two can samples of this product so I could try one with some bourbon. I find almost everything mixes with bourbon except tomato juice.<br /><br />OK. What I liked: nice fruit flavor. Strong but not overpowering. The carbonation was OK. Not flat, which was nice. Did not tickle my nose as champagne does.<br /><br />I did not care for the "can" taste. I felt there was a slight metallic aftertaste. Really, that was the only thing I didn't like. This product would probably taste better in glass rather than aluminum. Maybe I am overly picky...<br /><br />Overall, not sure I liked it enough to order it again.
I think I liked a similar drink but this one is just there. It's bubbly. It's sort of orange flavored. It has a sharpness but there's nothing about it that excites me. It's a good old fashioned carbonated beverage and if it's inexpensive buy it. If it's significantly more expensive than most drinks, leave it. Buy coke instead.
This is a beverage that is different from the other beverages out there.  It starts with a nice citrus zing but then finishes with a little sweet.  I was hoping for the zing to continue or get more full but it died.<br /><br />The overall taste is not as sweet as an orange soda and not as citrus as an Izze or similar citrus beverage.<br /><br />Overall, this is in between and as such is not going to be my pick as I will usually want one or the other.<br /><br />Not bad, but not what I want.
It seems that soda wasn't as good as when I was a kid, and people have pointed out that it might be the high fructose corn syrup that is making the taste more dull.  Well, this orange soda is made with real sugar, as well as a few extra healthy things, and the taste is much, much better than the regular orange sodas you might find otherwise.<br /><br />The price is about in line with what you'll find in a soda can and the taste is great.  Why would you drink the HFCS mentioned earlier that is just horrible for your body when you have this option?  I highly recommend it, I thought it was quite fabulous.
I usually drink my soda room temperature but with this one I really needed it to be cold.  The taste is okay but takes a bit getting used to the tangerine in orange soda.  There was not as much carbonation which is fantastic as far as I'm concered and it wasn't exceedingly sweet.  I would most certainly consider getting this again as I don't think it's all that bad.  It's nice to have a bit of change from the usual orange soda flavor.
SWITCH isn't a bad product, but it's not great either. I like the fact that it's all natural sparkling juice, and the can design is pleasant to look at.<br /><br />The orange tangerine isn't bad; this flavor isn't as syrupy as some of Switch's others.  However, at 140 calories per can, this beverage has 50% more calories per ounce than the average soda. Too many for me.
I tried Switch Orange Tangerine drink.  Excellent flavor and not so sweet as to make you feel you are getting a ton of sugar.  It has no added sugar and no corn sweetners, so, it is more natural than any other orange soda type drink.  More like a sparkling juice drink.  I have been a fan of orange juice and soda type drinks when as a kid I would mix OJ and Orange Soda.  Yet the natural taste of this drink is refreshing.  I tried it both with and without ice and although the iced version is more refreshing, if you get a very cold can of this drink it tasted very satisfying and did not leave you with an after taste or with the sugar blues.<br /><br />Caution, it has 34 grams of sugar, and although natural, you should check with a doc if you have sugar problems.  34 grams is equivalent to 5 or more teaspoons of sugar.  At least, if you like sparkling fruit drinks, check this one out.  I will next try it with added sparkling water to it.  Enjoy.
Switch has been the first "soda alternative" that I've LOVED! It's got a delightful fresh fruit flavor, refreshing bubbles, and no aftertaste. It is sweet and juicy tasting, reminds me a little of Orange Crush. The tangerine flavor adds just the right note to peak your interest and overcome becoming just another orange drink. However, the price point of just at $1 a can prevents me from keeping it stocked in our home. Still, I would recommend it for an occasional treat.
It's not bad. Good ingredients for a change so that's a plus. Taste is okay but not great. I would drink it if offered, but doubt I'd buy it.
The Switch Orange Tangerine is a nice beverage that is lightly carbonated and is made with real fruit juice.  Unlike most sodas, The Switch products are made with real ingredients (none of the High fructose corn Syrup) and it tastes great.  The cans come in a convenient 8.5 ounce can and they're great for lunch or an mid afternoon treat,  If you want a light beverage that's made with the "good stuff" then you'll want to grab a can of The Switch.  Do yourself a favor throw out the HFCS sodas and make "The Switch".
The Switch in Orange Tangerine has perfect serving size to keep the sugar in-take at its minimum and naturally. The carbonated sensation adding extra awakening sparks to the taste buds!<br /><br />That was my wife's first impression.<br /><br />I like the "fruit soda" idea.  It maybe a better alternative soda if it is indeed made of natural orange, but it taste likes other carbonated orange flavored soda on the market.  The only benefit you are getting and not from the regular soda is it contains daily recommended 100% vitamin C. If the price is right, doesn't hurt to try.
I've now tried several of the Switch drinks. They're not bad, for a carbonated juice drink, especially. This, actually, was one of the better flavors I've tried. It's got a nice orange juice type flavor that I enjoyed. Ultimately, these drinks remind me of Apple Beer, which is essentially carbonated apple juice. I love that drink, and think Switch could try an apple version of their product. I'm sure I'd love it as well...<br /><br />That being said, give it a try. It will quench your thirst, and I'm sure it'll do well in the marketplace. It fills a void where very few drink manufacturers have entered.
I don't know if it has changed since then, but when I lived in Australia 14 years ago, one thing that stood out to me was how real drinks tasted compared to the artificial flavors typical of America.  Switch brought me back to those days.  It starts out tangy and the taste turns sweeter in my mouth.  If they knocked 50 calories off, I would definitely purchase this regularly.
I sampled this product with some reservations. Carbonated fruit juice? My wife said that it would probably be something like Orangina, but since I'm not particularly fond of Orangina that didn't help me much. I then remembered that I had no problem drinking sparkling grape juice so this might not be so bad after all. I sampled this product cold, as warm fruit juice and warm soda are both bad ideas no matter what the flavor.<br /><br />I was very surprised to discover that I enjoyed this quite a bit. I expected there to be some acidity to it, given the orange and tangerine combination, and found none. I did find it surprisingly sweet considering that there's no added sugar. It was not, in fact, entirely unlike your garden variety orange soda with a smoother finish. There was a slight and very brief metallic aftertaste which I first assumed was from drinking it right from the can, but after a second taste from a drinking glass the aftertaste remained. Still, it's not enough to put me off from drinking it.<br /><br />The one thing that did put me off was the price. I'll admit that I'm something of a "cheap drinker" - I have a hard time, for example, going to the grocery store and buying a half gallon of lemonade for $2.50 when I can buy a $2 bottle of lemon juice and a $2.50 bag of sugar and make two gallons of lemonade and still have three pounds of sugar left over. I *always* do the math and price out what I'm drinking. (Do you have ANY idea how much money Coke makes off those 20 oz bottles?!?) So for this product, $23 for a 24-pack comes out to 96¢ per 8.3 ounce can, or about 12¢ per ounce. A half gallon of Tropicana orange-tangerine juice at the local supermarket is $3.80, or about 6¢ per ounce. I happen to have a carbonator and chargers are about 40 cents apiece, and it would take 2-3 chargers to do the entire half-gallon, so all said and done it would cost me about 8¢ per ounce to make my own carbonated orange-tangerine drink, so it's about 2/3 the cost to make it myself. (No, I didn't factor in the cost of the carbonator itself so that could be considered loading the dice.)<br /><br />So I guess the bottom line here is, if you're really big on the whole carbonated orange-tangerine thing then you can either buy this product and not be disappointed, or you can make a very close approximation of it yourself for about 65% of the cost (assuming you have a carbonator). Or, you can buy a two liter bottle of house-brand orange soda for a buck at your local supermarket and get much the same experience while saving about $22 in the process.
I always liked Orange Crush when I was a kid.  Sure, it was just sugar water with some flavoring, but it was really good flavoring...except it had a chemical whang and an aftertaste that you just had to accept.<br /><br />Well, no more.  Switch Orange Tangerine drink is NOT sugar water.  It's 100% juice, the good stuff, and it's lightly carbonated, not overcarbonated like those sugary soft drinks either.  And no chemical whang!  And no aftertaste!<br /><br />Vitamin C and no added sugar?  I'll take that.  Of course there's sugar content, but it's just the natural sugar that comes in the juice.  Why didn't people think of this stuff when I was a kid?
When I saw the Switch Orange Tangerine was available, I knew I had to try it.  I liked the Kiwi Strawberry quite well (better than some other reviewers did, it seems), so I was sure I would enjoy this one just as much.<br /><br />The initial taste of this Orange Tangerine carbonated juice is rather tart, and the carbonation just seems to make it more tart.  The aftertaste is rather pleasant, so if the aftertaste is what you're looking for in a drink, this is the drink for you.  My wife thought it tasted a bit like champagne, if that's any indication of what to expect from this drink.<br /><br />The flavor is different, and not at all what I expected.  Not very refreshing at all.  I would buy the Kiwi Berry drink, but I think I'll take a pass on the Orange Tangerine in the future.
Switch is a 100% natural carbonated fruit juice beverage. I like the way it tastes.  It's very sweet and a little tangy.  The ingredients are as follows: 100% juice from apple, grape, tangerine, orange and acerola, gum acacia, natural flavors and colors, ascorbic acid (vitamin C), soy.<br /><br />An 8.3 oz can has 140 calories, 36 grams of carbs,  100% daily requirement of vitamin C and not much else.
The mixture of juices they use to sweeten this give it a little bit of an odd taste and makes it too sweet.  It's not a straight orange/citrus flavor.  Not being an apple juice fan I wasn't fond of it.<br /><br />I gave it four stars b/c it is what it advertises - it's juice with sparkling water, unlike some other "healthy" sparkling beverages that are basically soda.<br /><br />For sparkling juice I prefer IZZE - it's a little less sweet.
This is a nice, refreshing carbonated drink. It has no added sugar, as advertised. But its name is a bit misleading. The "Orange Tangerine" also has some apple and grape juice added. The grape is not a great addition to the blend, so I wasn't thrilled with the flavor.
This was the most potent orange drink I have ever had. It might be "100% juice," but this drink has some kick.<br /><br />There are no artificial sweeteners in this drink, but it is so highly concentrated that it was overwhelmingly sweet and even the tang of the carbonation couldn't cute into the sugary flavor.<br /><br />It was WAY too strong for me and I thought it had kind of an odd aftertaste, but if you like carbonation and have a powerful craving for orange-tangerine, this is the drink for you.
Energy Drinks are very popular these days.  Most, if not all, are loaded with sugar, various overloads of vitamins, and varying "energy blends."  A few energy drinks have tried adding pure juice, but have only come up with 50% at most.<br /><br />If your not a young'un and can't handle that blast of sugar and crash that follows, then Switch is a better alternative.  Switch is 100% juice, ZERO sugar, and lots of vitamin C.<br /><br />Switch is carbonated, so with the Orange Tangerine flavor, picture your morning juice with a little soda fizzle.  The taste is sweet, but not sugary.  Although the size of the can probably relates to the recommended serving, most people probably don't have this little juice in one sitting.<br /><br />Soda fizzle meets juice benefits.  It's a no brainer.  How about some more flavors?
The Switch tries to blur the line between soda and juice, and I'd say that the experiment is successful. It's sweet and rich like soda, but it is, as the label says, 100% juice, and therefore of vastly more nutritional value. I guess it all comes down to taste, and it's more similar to soda than juice here, maybe like a more toned-down Sunkist soda. As I said, I liked it, and I'd probably pick it up again, though it hasn't displaced Squirt as my favorite.
I have tasted several of the other flavors of this drink, Switch, but I have to say that this one tops them all.  Perhaps it is because I like orange soda, and this drink seems to have all the elements of what I like in the soda without all the harmful ones. There is no sugar added, no preservatives, no artificial colors and it is gluten free.  This is especially great for someone with allergies, or those who are on restricted diets.  Add to that that it is 100% juice and tastes great and you have a winner.  I liked this product and plan to seek it out at my local store.
I was looking forward to this tea, but unfortunately the mint overpowers the hibiscus and essentially makes this just another kind of mint tea.  I prefer the hibiscus tart be the star of the show in a hibiscus-based tea (aka "herbal infusion") and in my opinion, mint and "tropical" don't mix and now know going forward to pay more attention to the ingredients.  Still worth 3 stars because it can be a refreshing tea on a hot day, but just not a great tropical/hibiscus tea.
Hands down my all time favorite iced tea. I typically prefer loose tea, but the taste of this tea is wonderful!  The pouches are so easy to use and make clean up a breeze.
This tea is to die for.  It hits the spot.  Easy to make ice tea.  All of my friends love it as well.  I am delighted to serve it.  I look forward to drinking it, it is my new favorite drink!
We go through a lot of dressing and my husband HAS to have this brand only, so I saw this and said GREAT!
I like the taste of this dressing, but realized that it contains the additive mono sodium gluconate. This chemical gives me migraines, which is very difficult to tolerate. I am sorry to say that I will no longer purchase this dressing unless they remove this flavor enhancer.
The cups to make my own coffee K-cups work fine.  If there had been free shipping it would have been better, but I will order again and look for a way to not pay 1/2 the price of the product just for shipping.
Much better than having to fight removing coffee grinds from a metal basket. I love being able to just toss grinds into the trash.
I'm very pleased with the DisposaKups.  They were part of a Christmas gift for my husband and he is busily filling the DisposaKups with his favorite Starbucks coffee.  Needless to say, these will part of the Keurig experience for him and we plan to purchase more once he's used the two boxes I ordered.  I was especially pleased that the order arrived in time for Christmas since I was late in finding them. We will definitely use this company again!
These wonderful cups, filters, lids saved me from returning my new single cup coffee maker.  Tried many K-cup brands and blends and didn't care for any of them.  Nor did I like my own coffee option that came with the coffee maker.  The disposa-kups are just what I needed to get a good cup of my own coffee from my new coffee maker.  Would recommend and will order again.  Received in 3 days during Christmas rush!
These little cups are a perfect compliment to our k-cup varieties!  We use them for our coffees and loose teas.  I was not disappointed and they are much easier to use than the reuseable cups sold by Keurig....
Work well and made solidly.  For whatever reason the Keurig takes longer to complete the brewing cycle when using these cups and the liquid bleeds through the filter on the outside of the cup making a small mess.  They do the job as intended but could use a different type of filter to make the experience less messy.
I am giving this as a gift to go along with a single coffee brewer.  Though ratings say there are problems, saving money on easy to purchase coffee is better.  We live in the sticks in Wisconsin.
This was a great buy for the money and a hard product to find.  I was pleased when I received it doing it this way I cut my coffee costs down by 2/3rd even after you consider the price of the product I am very happy
The cup/filter/lid combination that allows for use of ones own coffee in the Kuerig brewer is a great idea. The quality of the product is good, and the use is simple. Now if they could just get the price down! Unfortunately, we use and love 8-O'Clock bean coffee which is among the cheapest because we buy it in bulk and grind our own beans. If we could save costs by buying disposakups in quantities of 250 or so, that would be great!
Disposakups....great idea, because K-kups are expensive and aren't necessarily available in your favorite coffee.<br /><br />Disposakups fit well into the Keurig coffee maker, the lid snaps on firmly to the disposakup after you fill it with your favorite coffee or tea.  However, the problem comes with the filter which wicks the hot coffee under pressure out of the disposakup from under the lid.<br /><br />I tried several of these disposakups. After the first few leaked I thought maybe I was not snapping the lid on tight enough, so I made up some more disposakups and made sure the lids were on REALLY tight, no gaps! They still leaked about 5 or 6 drops from each disposakup, which then drips outside the k-kup holder chamber...and outside the catch area.  I needed to clean up around the coffee maker after use.<br /><br />I give this item 3 stars because they do work, and are a great idea, but the design of the filter protruding from around the cap causes the leaking.  If you don't mind a bit of cleanup after each use....you'll appreciate these.<br /><br />I'll use the rest of the box, and continue cleaning up after each use, but I won't buy more.<br /><br />The seller offered a refund, but it would cost me almost as much to send them back as I would receive as a refund.
These were on backorder for a long time but well worth the wait. I can finally use the coffee beans I've had for awhile and have a great cup of coffee with no grounds. I totally love the product and will definately order more in the future. Would like to see them in 100 count.
work OK. main problem they leak out the top a bit as well as inside the machine.  is it worth the extra work?  it is if you want to pay a fraction of the cos of a k-cup.  plus you can use any coffee you desire.
These coffee holders are much easier to use than the others I have used and make life a little easier!
Nice product.  Good company.  Only complaint is that it took over a month for them to ship it after I ordered and they never let me know what was going on.
I just received my order, and happy with the ability of using some gifted coffees, I never used before, as I like my one cup at a time.  Only problem I have found is that the caps are sometimes difficult to get set properly.  I made up several cups with different coffees and store them with the rest of my supply.  I'll be back for more, and will tell my Keurig friends.
These seemed like a great idea. I would be able to load up 50 k-cups with any type of coffee I chose, and still maintain the speed of using the store bought cups in my rush to get ready every morning. After waiting a month for this product to reach me (20 days before they even shipped it!) I finally found it on my doorstep.<br /><br />Upon opening the box my hopes lifted even higher; these are solid little cups of a much higher quality than I expected. I filled one and snapped the lid down. I ensured it was sealed all the way around, placed it in my Kuerig, and hit the brew button. At first it seemed to be working splendidly then coffee began pouring out of places it isn't supposed to. By the time it was over I had quite a mess to clean up. Upon opening the Kuerig I found the DisposaKup completely in tact and the lid still secured properly. However the bit of overhanging filter was soaked, dripping, and HOT! I had discovered the source of the leak. I have tried again several times with the same reoccurring problem. I guess I should have bought the EcoBrew cup after all.<br /><br />If you like the appearance of convenience, and the reality of spending more time cleaning up a mess this is the product for you.<br /><br />(I went ahead and gave it two stars because I like the idea of the product so much.)
I have been using the DisposaKups for about 2 weeks.  They are easy to put together and fill.  Caps fit snug.  I sometimes get overfill, but my Cuisinart does that with regular K-Cups.  I put regular coffee in it, Maxwell House, Community Coffee, sometimes I grind my own.  Coffee always taste just like in drip coffee maker.  Great replacement for K-Cups cause they have literally doubled in price in just 6 months.
These worked great for us.  We are able to reuse the plastic parts a couple of times before discarding them.  We love being able to use our favorite coffee.
The DisposaKups are so easy and convenient to use.  They are a great substitute when I run out of K-Cups and don't want to run to the store to buy a replacement supply and pay higher in-store prices.
shipped in great shape.  I gave these to my son, he is the one who uses reg coffee and he really likes these disposable k-cups.  I guess I will still have to send him coffee beans every mo.
I love coffee that I buy locally and this product allows me to use it in my Keurig brewer.  Getting the lid on is a little challenging, but the end result is worth it.  This is the coolest find of mine this year!!
Nice idea...to create self-filling cups for those who own Keurig Brewers but want to use their own bagged coffee, or those who do not want to incur the high cost of purchasing pre-made brewing cups.  The idea is, one takes a plastic cup, puts in the pre-molded filter, adds one's own coffee grounds, closes the cup with the lid and then pops the cup into the brewer, disposing of it at the end.  However...the plastic on the cups is a bit flimsy, such that if one pushes too hard down on the lid, the entire cup collapses, accordion style...another drawback is that the lids do not fit snugly without careful maneuvering, so that it can take longer than one might expect to close the cups...these two problems defeating the purpose of "fast" which is basically the primary advantage of Keurig brewers in the first place.  Another advantage of the brewer is the lack of a mess, which these cups also do not address well....there is always coffee left to either drip down or on top of the lid following brewing which requires cleanup of the cup holder...granted it is not major clean-up, but nevertheless...  And finally, the potential advantage of cost savings...the cups appear to be relatively inexpensive, but add in the cost of shipping and handling, which is some $6 on top of the featured price (about 50% more), and the per cup price increases...try purchasing multiple packages to reduce shipping cost...no go, the company just doubles the cost of shipping one package; ergo, if you were to say order 100 cups, you would pay more than 30 dollars and a third would be shipping and handling.  In addition to the other problems with the design, it more or less defeats the purpose.  Large packages of the pre-made pods can be purchased for nearly the same per-pod cost.  Would not recommend these, until the company lowers shipping costs, improves design, or both.  You're better off just using the mesh filter pod that comes with your brewer, and simply rinsing it out...same time involved, less cost and lower environmental impact.
I purchased the cups, lids and filters.  They work exactly how I expected them to work.  Perfectly!  The lids and cups can be used more than once.  The filters unfortunately cannot.  I am going to be looking in the future for cups that have the filters attached like in the regular prefilled k-kups.  Very good product though!
I was very pleased with these disposable k-cups.  I read other peoples comments that the lids are hard to get on.  I found that true at first until I just used one finger and pressed them on in the center.  I heard a click and they were ready to go.  I will order a larger amount next time to save on shipping.  The hot chocolate K-cups prefilled are terrible, but these filled with your own chocolate mix are very good.
Great product - brought it for a gift and will be buying some more for me.  User friendly product, easy to use and works with any kcup machine
These fill your own K-cups are great to have and use with a custom coffee that doesn't come in the K-cup variety.  They are disposable and you can fill several and have them ready.  I also drink a herbal tea that I buy in bulk and now I can make it with my Kuerig.  Would definitely buy again to have on hand.
I recently went to Hawaii and bought tons of coffee. It was such a pain to use the My K-Cup attachment on the Keurig machine because I'd have to dump it out and wash it after every use. DisposaKups are a great alternative and work wonderfully with my machine! It's now super easy for me to use my own coffee! The only drawbacks I have found is that you really have to fill the filter all the way up to get good flavor. It leaks a little bit so the outside of the cup is a bit wet after using. Lastly, water moves through it a bit slower than normal K-cups so brewing a cup takes a bit longer than normal. I would still highly recommend this to anyone who wants to use their own coffee with their Keurig machine!
I love the cups - I have reviewed this before and said the same thing.  Saving a lot of money using these kups.
This product is exactly as described.  I use my Keurig Brewer daily and now I am able to use my choice of coffee.  They are simple to use and work great.  The delivery from LiquiBuy, LLC on Amazon was prompt and packaged perfectly.
The first shipment I received of this item was great. Lids fit easily. This last shipment, either the lids are slightly larger or the cups are smaller. The lids are extremely hard to get on. If I press too hard the cup starts to buckle. I've actually started to use a pair of pliers to get the lids on!
This is the second time I've ordered this product and I plan to order these often.  They work perfectly and I am able to use my favorite speciality coffees especially when I run out of the prefilled K-cups sold at retail stores.
This product worked exactly as advertised. I filled several cups in advance with my own coffee and was able to use them in my machine just like a K-Cup. Prior to purchasing, I read a review stating that the lid came off when the user was attempting to remove it from the machine. This was not the case for me. The lid was secure and it functioned just like the more expensive prefilled K-Cup. I will order these DisposaKups regularly.
These cups are so easy to use and saves so much money compared to the store bought Kups.  You can use whatever coffee you want and have as many flavors as you want.  We are on our 9th box of these and will continue to use them.<br /><br />The seller is great in regards to contact and shipping.  The last shipment arrived just a couple of days after we bought them. Long before the "due date" listed when the order was placed.
I  was so happy to see that someone realized that the Kcup is a product in a lot of homes.  These disposable Kcups make using ground coffee a simple clean and easy way to enjoy a favorite coffee, tea or hot chocolate beverage easy  I work as a merchandiser and am always searching to find the new products and making sure that I can reccomend the products to the customers and stores that I service
These DisposaKups are "the cats meow" they serve the purpose thy were intended for very well and were delivered as promised on time and well packaged arrived in good condition I would recommend to all friends.
I have the regular my K cup accessory that comes with the Keurig, but you have to insert the special holder and fill the filter each time, then wash them both out.  I like these because they are disposable.  And I can fill several at one time and have them ready in the refrigerator when I want them.  Very convenient.
These cups work great! We have had a Keurig for about a year and use a refillable filter cup. Its so tedious to refill every time you want a cup of coffee. Especially at 4am before work! These cups are so easy to use and perfect for mornings when you just want a quick cup of coffee. The lids are a little tough to get on sometimes and they get stuck in the top of the machines occasionally, but still much less work than the filter cup we were using before. We get a basketful ready at the beginning of the week and they are ready to go each morning. It's GREAT! So much more affordable than the name brand cups. Great product, great value!
For those reviews that say the coffee wasn't strong enough or the cup leaked, they simply don't know what they're doing.  First of all, use the right kind of coffee.  The first time I used it, I put in a medium roast that wasn't ground very fine.  And yes, the coffee was weak.  So I switched to a VERY FINELY ground dark roast and it was perfect.  And yes, they will leak and leave grounds in your Keurig if you don't let some of the filter hang over the edge and seal it correctly.  I had no problem with sealing the cup...so far so good.  Makes as good a cup of coffee as the more expensive ready-made k-cups and have yet to find any grounds in my coffee or in the Keurig.  Really a good deal, plus I had them three days after ordering.  Very quick shipping.
What a pleasure it is to be able to use my own coffee, even make cups up to take to work with me!  These are easy, mess free alternatives to the apparatus I bought to use with my machine, there are no coffee grounds in my sink now!
I received and have been using my DisposaKups for several days.  I highly recomend this product.  I fill up a dozen or so at a time and just pop them into the Coffee maker when I want a fresh cup of coffee.  The coffee comes out fresh and with no coffee grounds in the cup.  Who could ask for more?
They are just the right size, the filter works fine and so does the lid.<br />They're easy to fill and store for future use.<br />Since its "all-in-one" and disposable like the pre-filled Keurig cups, its a good way to enjoy my favorite brand of coffee.
Got product on time - early in fact,  Great Experience!  I would order from them again!  Very good place to buy these from.
Easy to use and saves money. Gives you control on the strength of your coffee. I will purchase them again.
Love the product! I can now custom blend my personal favorite coffee blends, and get them CHEAPER than buying pre-fab K-cups!
This product works exactly as  it is advertised.  No more rinsing wire baskets.  The coffe is as good as the already filled k cups that you buy in the store.  It's nice to just throw the whole thing in the trash when done and not clog the sink.  Couldn't be happier as it gives me unlimited choices for coffee and  it saves money too!  Amazon is great!
The seller was prompt to ship, I receive the disposable K-cup in two days. When I receive them, I try one of the disposable K-cup on Keig, the ease of use and the quality of the cup it made and the saving from pre-fill K-cup coffee brands is worth the price.
I love these disposable K-Cups as I prefer to use my own brand(s).  These accomplish the job perfectly and so easy to use.  Thankyou for this product.  Seller was prompt in shipping.  Good packaging.  I will purchase again.  A++++
I decided to give these a try.  The lids are VERY difficult to put on and I often ended up bending the cup while trying to affix the lid.  They do not seal perfectly and I often found unexpected puddles, but they do the job.  Since I have a Keurig permanant filter I thought of just buying the paper filters to save on cleanup.  For almost $11 from this vendor, you can get 50 (fifty) paper filters.....I would just assume use paper towels.  That works out to be just under 25 cents for a small piece of paper....DisposaKups, please re-evaluate your pricing!
I am a creature of habit, and when I purchased my Keurig, I tasted alot of the coffee brands and flavors made for my appliance.  However, I never found one that I said "this could replace the coffee I am currently using".  So when I discovered the disposable K-cups I was delighted.  The problem now was I did not purchase enough.  So now I am waiting on my second delivery.  Great service.
Over a year ago I purchased a Breville K-Cups brewer and immediately found the the available selection and choices to exceed what I had expected. I loved using it and brewing what I wanted, 1 cup at a time. I found that I was paying about 40cents/cup and that was also great.<br />Now the prices have soared to nearly or over $1/cup and that has made me slow down my purchase rate and my enjoyment of my single cup brewer.<br /><br />Enter the DisposaKups and suddenly the price is reasonable again and I can grind my own or purchase Ekobrew and use their coffees. These are so simple, convenient and easy that I really enjoy that my world of coffee is wide open again.<br /><br />Thanks for such a great product!<br /><br />Ted
I ordered the DisposaKups because I have several coffees in bags that I had left over and wanted to use.  The cups work great.  I quickly figured out that the filter must be pushed down in order for the lid to fit. Easy to load and easy to dispose.
These cups work for the most part except for the fact that all most all of them leak out the top of the cap. All seem to wick some leakage through the paper filter at the cap and cup joint and approximately 10-15% overflow and leak around the cup and down the sides providing some grounds with the coffee.
Caused my cuisinart k-cup brewer to leak every time I used it.  Great idea, just needs some adjustments so that the coffee maker works properly with it.
These work just fine after spooning ground coffee into a series of these cups (do it over a plate with ground coffee in a small bowl). Doing so, you get just the fine coffee you want and are not trapped by the standard selections. But there's no saving money: $14/lb coffee works out to 25 cents per cup plus the 25 cents per DisposaKup gives 50 cents per cup, about the price of regular k-cups. Darn! Hoped I'd save money but I do get my choice.
I have tried another brand of one cup coffee making.  These made the job easy and no mess.  The other method had a plastic holder and lid and a paper basket.  You disposed of the inserted paper basket only.  The plastic would be very warm to the touch at the very least.  Then you had to rinse the plastic holder and top for any grinds that might have escaped.
This product saves me money since I can use a regular brand that i like in these kcups and I can still have the kcup convenience of making one drink at a time without using nasty instant coffee.  Great product!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004K30HO2">DisposaKups - Disposable K-Cups for Keurig Brewers - 50 Cups, Lids, Filters - 100% Disposable</a><br /><br />I bought these because I occasionally run out of my favorite blend and like the convienience of these over the permanet type filters. I also prefer Decaf Black UNSWEETENED tea for Iced Tea that is unavailable in K-cups.  These are great for both and I am reordering to keep onhand.  Couldn't be happier!
Fast service and shipping.  These little k cups are great as you can use any kind of coffee or tea that you like, at a much reduced price over regular k-cups.  Easy to use no mess, what's not to like.  If you have coffee maker that uses k-cups you have to try these, it puts you back in control of drinking the kind of coffee you like.
I really enjoy this disposable. The only thing that would make it better would be for the cups and lids to be made out of a more eco friendly material. Coffee tastes great.
When I used the k-cup filter that came w/keurig, I didn't like the taste of any coffee I used so I stopped using it altogether.  However, when I saw DisposaKups on Amazon, I had my doubts but took a chance...They worked great.  Plan to keep them in stock.
I am so grateful that DisposKups exist--and are now in use in my home!<br /><br />No other type of device for brewing bagged coffee in my Keurig (k-cup)or any other way to recycle K-cups has worked well for me. The standard device made by Keurig is so difficult to clean each time, that I just choose to never use it.<br /><br />DisposaKups are the perfect item for brewing my favorite coffees that are not available in K-cup form.  The pieces fit together perfectly, and with a "snap" -- I'm able to brew a cup of coffee and still have the disposable feature of regular k-cups (and no clean up!) Plus, you can assemble however many custom K-cups ahead of time with disposaKups, so they are very helpful to have for holiday gatherings and parties.<br /><br />Thank you thank you!  I will be purchasing a big supply soon, so I will be well-stocked for the holidays!
I love these DisposaKups. They allow me to use some of my favorite canned or fresh bean coffee in my Keurig coffee maker. There is no mess, easy as using the regular K kups, just throw away when you are done making your coffee. LOVE the convenience. I have just place a 2nd order.
The DisposaKups work as advertised.  They are easy to use, just put your favorite coffee in the cup, pop the cap on and brew.  This allows me to save quite a bit of money while using my favorite coffee.  I filled about 25 of them at one time so there is always one standing by when I am desperate for a cup.  There is no need to wash out a filter, just toss it in the trash like the store bought K-cups.  They also make a good backup system if you run out of the store bought k-kups.<br />I would be interested to know if the company uses, or plans to use, recycled plastic or plastic alternatives in the manufacturing of these.
Great product to tide me over with my supply of Starbucks til they start making k-cups.  Easy to assembl and use with my own ground coffee.
Great product, enables you to use your own coffee in your single brew maker. And I can make up several at a time!!!
I like the DisposaKups.  If I'm fixing more than one cup, it's quicker to use the DisposaKups than it is to clean out the refillable holder, which came with my machine.
I was very excited to see a product such as this being offered on line, as I loved the coffee I was drinking before I got a Keurig.  (My previous coffee is not offered in a K-cup version.)  Very promptly I placed an order and couldn't wait for it to arrive. I placed my fresh beans into my grinder and ground them a little courser than I would have if I was using my Bunn coffee pot.  I then proceeded to place the filter into the disposable K-cup, add my freshly ground beans and placed the cap on tightly.  Great!! Ready to brew my first cup of my favorite coffee.  The whole procedure worked well until the cycle was almost finished and then it happened.  Scalding hot water started squirting out of my Keurig machine from all sides.  I was trying to move my cup to catch the water, but it was coming out too fast and very hot.  I was disappointed with the performance of this product.  The coffee was good, although not a full cup and I had a mess to clean. I have tried grinding the beans finer and courser, also tried to fill the cups at different levels, but the results are still the same.  I will continue experimenting with the disposable K-cups and if I find the right combination, I will let you know.
This product works just as described!  You simply place a filter in the disposable cup, add your own coffee, snap on the lid, and make the cup of coffee as you would with a regular K Cup.  The coffee is just as good as any prepackaged K Cups, and you can use the brand of your choice at a fraction of the cost (and no washing out those pesky mesh reusable filters!) As some other reviewers have noted, sometimes the cup gets stuck on the handle that raises as you are trying to remove the used cup.  But you simply pull it out and I've never had a lid fall of, so there is still no mess.  I will definitely continue to use this product!
I was getting tired from washing out the little refillable baskets to make a second cup. The solutions are to get multiple baskets or the disposable type. The filtering is a little better and the coffee has fewer solids. It is easy to use and does what it says.
Tried the  disposable k-cups and they work great, just as good as keurig k-cups. Put my own mid grind coffee in cups and they worked without problems. They couldn't be any easier to use. Will continue to use them.
Product is, as advertised, a good way to utilize your own coffee blends.  It is easy to fill and prepare for use, however, it sometime leaks at the end of the brewing process.
Like the DisposaKup lids, the DisposaKup set is just as good if not better. If you tossed your previous Keurig Kcups, this set will take care of you. I will definitely be purchasing them again.
I love DisposaKups and I'm so glad that Liquibuy provides them to consumers.<br />DisposaKups are fantastic and the vendor does a very good job communicating with its customers.
I have lots of ground coffee and since having my Keurig have not been able to use it.  But, with the disposable cups, I can use up all my ground coffee and get the tastes I want.  I would buy again; convenient.  (Be sure you snap the lid on securely because it is a tight fit.)
My wife just loves these cups.  First off I have to say they arrived a month earlier than stated.  Excellent!  The convenience of being able to use your own coffee and throw away the little cups afterwards is fantastic.  No clean-up.  Excellent.
I have ordered three boxes of these so far.  They work very well.  Shipping was fast.  Their claim to fame is the ability to pre-fill these little cups and store them for later.  I just store them in the freezer.  The problem with most refillable/disposable filter k-cups, is that they are prepared on a per-cup basis.  To me this defeats the whole usefulness of the k-cup system.  Instead with these, I can sit at the table, and quickly throw together all 50 and store them.  Convienience is maintained and the cost effectiveness goes up as these are so much cheaper than buying the prepared ones.
It is difficult to judge the amount and grind of coffee to put in the K-cups. If it is too fine a grind or is too packed full it only give you a half of a cup.
I recently purchased DisposaKups from this seller! Not only did I receive great customer service and fast shipping, but my product came packaged perfectly. I absolutely love the idea of the DisposaKups. However, after using a few, they just don't live up to my expectations. The lid often gets stuck in the keurig when its done brewing, sometimes the holes don't poke properly, and every time i am left with water spewing out in all directions while it brews. Definitely not a replacement for MyK or Solofill.
I purchased this product for a couple of reasons.  First, with the cost of k-cups, this offered a lower price option.  Second, this allows me to used the coffee of my choice (decaf, organic, water-processed).<br /><br />The first couple of times I used these, the coffee was very weak.  I opened a regular k-cup that I had to see if there was a difference in grind size from what I was using; there was not.  Then I poured the contents of the k-cup into my disposable k-cup and it would not fit.  Apparently, the disposable cups hold less coffee, which could account for the weakness.  I also noticed that the disposable cups leak around the rim, and I often get grounds in my cup.<br /><br />I started packing as much coffee as I could into the cups, to where I could barely get the top on.  This made a much better cup of coffee.  However, they still leaked, there were still grounds in my coffee, and it make my Keurig run MUCH slower.  Not to mention the cleanup...<br /><br />My business uses a Keurig so that all of us can brew the coffee of our choice, and we also have a couple of tea and hot chocolate drinkers.  Everytime I use the disposable cups, I have to wipe down the machine, drip tray & my cup.  I also have to clean out the interior of the cup recepticle so that the next person doesn't have to put up with my leftovers.  All in all, these were a nice idea, but the amount of work they require makes paying a little exta for the convenience of regular k-cups more attractive.  I will probably use up what I have and then go back to the regular k-cups or find a more landfill friendly solution.
I found these cups to be easy to use, and a lovely way to make pods of your own favorite coffee.
Thank God they finially made them I can't always afford the buy the regular k-cups. The only change I would make is to have peel and stick top for them. The peel and sticks could have your own name on them so you could share them with your friends. Ron
We have the K-cup, however, these disposable K-cups are the best ever. I am always rushed in the morning and cleaning out the old K-cup to make another cup of coffee to put in the togo cup, is NOT what I want to do...<br /><br />I'm so grateful to have found this product!!!
This is a great product and would highly recommend to all Keurig fans. You can make your own k cups at a fraction of the cost.
this filters are perfect to use with the extra ground coffee I have.they are as good or better than the K-Cups.
I really liked the premise of the product so I ordered.  They are not easy to store and therefore assemble for use.  But this overcomes the usefulness of the product.
Product arrived earlier than expected and was just what I expected - an easy and cheap way to make my own Keurig K-cups. Great for company. Everyone gets what they want without having to buy a whole box of K-cups. I just buy a few of the little one pot coffee packages and can make whatever someone wants. Awesome!
i love this product !  ive tried several different options,this one is the best. unlike most people, k cups are too strong for me. with this i can make it however i want, and my husband can use the k cups. most products ive tried just dont filter good enough,but this one does. i like being able to just throw it away when im done. its a little pricey,mostly shipping costs, but all in all ,worth it.
Not at all happy with the instant coffee taste of my cute little brewer , I began hunting for a solution . The DisposaKups were it !!  My own fresh ground coffee - packed in tight in the DisposaKup - makes a good cuppa joe . Easy to use and no mess . Love them .  Shipping was fast and they are a good value in my opinion . Thanks
DisposaKups - Disposable K-Cups for Keurig Brewers - 50 Cups, Lids, Filters - 100% Disposable are handy because you buy your own coffee that you like and just fill K-cups and then throw them out.  I pre-fill them so all I have to do is put them in the machine.
These things work very well.  The only trouble I've had with them is if you leave one in the machine overnight, it sticks and is hard to get out.  Otherwise, a great product!!!
THE LIDS DO NOT FIT. COFFEE RUNS OUT OF THE POD. A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. THERE ARE OTHER FILTERS ON THE MARKET THAT ARE MUCH BETTER.
I will start by being kind, It is a good idea to save money with an item or concept like this. It makes good sense to use your own coffee beans and avoid the cost of the pre-filled commercial K-cups you buy at the store.<br /><br />Now, I received my DisposaKups over a month after ordering them and put them to use.  I was immediately disappointed, filters did not hold very much coffee, It was a struggle to get the lids to fit together with the filter and outer plastic cup.  The coffee was very weak.<br /><br />This product actually creates more waste in a landfill than the commercially made K-cups. The body and lids are plastic.  Normal K-cups do not have a plastic lid.  Notice they say 100% disposable....So put them in the trash. They are not recyclable = landfill.<br /><br />They are not convenient, they are a bit messy, a pain to put together and still expensive.  Not worth it! There are better alternatives out there that will save you money, make better coffee and not go into a landfill.<br /><br />Sorry, I wish I had better news, I think I will return these.
The product stinks and that's mildly stated.  The caps do not snap on easily and if you apply too much pressure the cup part caves in and you end up with ground coffee everywhere.  I threw the whole order into the trash and called it a day.  I will be using professionally produced K-cups (i.e, Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, even Folgers) from this point on.
I was so excited to get these k cups and immediately filled 10, for future brewing, with my favorite coffee.  I tried one right away...  the coffee started running down the front of my Kreuig.  I thought I had filled the cup wrong and maybe not had the lid sealed well enough.... but when the coffee was done I opened the k-cup slot and found a melted wrinkled container.  I have subsequently tried more of the orrigional 10 that I filled, after carefully checking that they were properly put together, and all melted in the same way.  I have since thrown the rest away because I was tired of the mess they created!  Don't buy these... they do not stand up to hot water.
For product to work properly (IMHO) you need coffee ground as fine as possible. Once filter has been inserted, plave carefully leveled measure of coffee in it. Manuever lid into place, then press down on center-STEADILY- w/ thumb.<br /><br />Plan to use no more than 6 Oz. of water for your cup.<br /><br />Removal of used cup from machine is occasional problem. (Jiggle it and it will generally loosen up.)
The Solo K-cup works perfectly instead of these.  I Totally agree with the Poor Performance review.  I also got coffee grounds in my cup everytime I used these (yes even with the filter). The cup is poorly designed. It clogged the system causing the water to back up producing a half cup of coffee or water spilling outside the top of the unit.
FINALLY, a cheaper alternative to buying K-cups, & I can use all of the half-full bags of coffee in my cupboard from my pre-Keurig days! Works perfectly for both of my Keurig machines!
The products lid stays attached to the needle on the Keurig, allowing coffee grounds to fall everywhere. Very messy. If this didn't happen, it would work well.
These cups were difficult to cap (putting the lids on securely was a comedy show) and they created a mess when used in the Keurig; the water went everywhere.  Add together PIA and MESS with an end outcome of weak cup o' Joe = I'm not a very happy buyer.
The lids are impossible to secure.  This purchase was a complete waste of money.  Product cannot be used as lids are unable to be secured.
They look like a good idea.  My wife and I thought we would give them a try.  They are pretty easy to use.  The thing we don't like is the mess they make in the machine.  Even when to top is secure, they leak into the machine. You have to keep cleaning the filter basket or it gets sticky.  I would advise you to use something better like the E-Z Cup.
Looking at all the disposable/reusable K-Cup designs I think I will forgo purchasing any at this time and continue to use my tried and true *free* method.<br />*Free after the cost of an original K-Cup.<br /><br />After using your K-Cup filled with coffee that you've purchased:<br /><br />Take off the aluminum lid that seals the top.<br />Empty grounds into the trash or compost.<br />Rinse out the inside.  You will see there is already a filter inside.<br />Fill with your own coffee.<br />Place a small square of aluminum foil on top and be sure to make it tight and sealed around the top edges of the cup.<br /><br />Now reuse your cup a few times or many, it's up to you as long as the filter holds up.  Just re-do all the steps for each cup you make.
There is known design flaw having to do with the gasket on the upper needle. You can hear the screams about that by reading the reviews for the 'My Cup'. The gasket moves too much and as a result is does not seal correctly. Green Mountain seems to not want to fix it since it means selling less over-priced coffee, which is what these machines are designed to do.<br /><br />1. No matter what method I use, I have learned to carefully reach in and pull the little washer/gasket down as far as I can on the upper needle. This will ensure a better seal and avoid overflow.<br /><br />2. Just as importantly when I put the DisposaKup in, I press it down to make sure the lower needle has pierced the cup completely. This will make sure you have a flow of water that streams through the cup.<br /><br />3. Fill it up and then tap the cup on the counter to settle the coffee grinds into the cup, do not press the coffee down or pack it in.<br /><br />The key is take a couple extra seconds and these will work perfectly and you will save money. I love mine and will be ordering more once they are available again.
After a lot of trial and error (with just water!) I figured out how to make these handy self-fill coffee pods NOT leak all over the place. The secret is to shove the filter all the way into the pod and NOT snap the lid over the edge of the filter. Make sure the filter is ALL INSIDE. It's rigid enough and stays upright and fine when you brew. You really need to create a seal with the lid. Leaving the filter hanging out breaks the seal and allows liquid to seep out.
My daughter lives in Hawaii and sent me some great coffee from there. I have a Keurig and  was not sure how to use the new coffee. I got these fast fast and now am using my Hawaiian coffee. Great product.
I ordered the disposa kups with the thought of making my own kups. They don't fit together without a big production. The lids won't fit and water comes out the top of the brewer lid as well as the kcup. Just a big mess. not what I wanted at all. want to return them and get a refund. Donna Phillips
We use the K-caps so that we can re-use our K-cups by refilling them with the coffee we like.  We have lost or given away several of the caps over the 2 years that we've been using them; so I thought I would buy some more K-caps.  It turns out, the prices for them have increased substantially; so I went in search of another alternative that would be less expensive.  I found these and thought I had found the answer; but they don't quite work as well as the original K-cups.  They actually caused the Keurig to spew water in directions other than the intended direction and then allowed enough coffee grounds to escape that the holder for the cups became clogged and had to be disassembled and thoroughly cleaned before it could be used again.  Good idea - but not quite right.
This comment refers to ALL OF THE DO IT YOURSELF K-CUPS.<br />My K-Cup by Keurig<br />Ekobrew<br />EZ Cup.<br /><br />They products above ALL HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM.<br />You have to get the correct grind on the whole coffee bean.<br />And it's NOT what you think if you are familiar with grinding espresso.<br /><br />If water is coming out the top, (of the products listed above) the grind is too small and/or too much volume.<br />The coffee is too weak and you jump to the conclusion it's because the grind is too coarse or you do NOT have enough coffee.<br />Wrong, it's because the water went over the top and NOT THRU THE GROUNDS is the reason it is weak.<br />Start off with about 1-3/4 tablespoons (do not exceed 2 tablespoons)<br />The grind will probably be MORE COARSE than what you typically use for BUNN type drip.<br /><br />Once I got the right combination of grind setting and amount of coffee, ALL OF THESE FILTERS worked.<br /><br />I have the capresso infinity conical burr grinder.<br />For Duncan Donut Whole Bean I use the<br />MEDIUM #4 position.<br />I use two tablespoons.<br /><br />There are 16 grind settings<br />Extra Fine 1-4<br />Fine 1-4<br />Meduim 1-4<br />Coarse 1-4<br /><br />Note that for Bunn drip coffee I use Medium #2<br /><br />For espresso I used from fine #3 to other settings ... (adapted to get a 25 second draw)<br /><br />Once you get the right RECIPE they all work.<br /><br />But .....<br />Where this product comes in handy is NOT IN BREWING coffee, but in storing your recipe in an AIR TIGHT CONTAINER.<br /><br />Grind a weeks worth of coffee and store it in these cups with the lid on and no holes in the bottom.<br /><br />Then during the week, grab one of these already premeasured cups,<br />remove the lid<br />and pour into the My Keuring K-Cup<br /><br />I found that if the grind is toward the fine side, all these will leak. The My K-cup was the best of the lot for not leaking,<br />But like I said above if the get the grind more toward the coarse side they ALL WILL WORK.<br /><br />Bottom Line:<br />This product is great for storing pre-measured amounts that you have ground earlier in weekly batches.<br />Make your measuring and grinding mess ONCE and then fill up 14 or so of these cups with your own recipe.<br /><br />If you want to get more accurate, instead of using tablespoons get a good digital scale for weighing.<br /><br />Note that if you are in a hurry then go ahead and DO USE THIS PRODUCT as advertised here.<br />I just thought that these were too expensive also and that you had to keep reordering them.<br />But yes go ahead and use them if you want to do that.
These do work nicely, but some of them for some reason seem to "stick" on the upper "needle".  I have yet to figure out why they stick on that needle, but when they do it is a real "pain" to remove it!  This is a minor, and only a sometimes glitch, so that is why 4 stars in stead of 5.<br />My machine in a brand new one, so the needle being "dirty" isn't the problem.  When these don't stick, they work very nicely and as stated.<br />I wish the little cups that hold the filters were biodegradable as that would be a real plus..., but these do save money since the k-cups are so expensive.  I will continue to use these, and spend the savings on really great coffee!!  LOL!
I have never enjoyed my Keureg more!  They couldn't be easier to use and I'm so happy to be using my favorite coffee and making it to my own specifications.  Love these things!!<br /><br />Additional comment:  In reading the reviews I see some complaints about leakage, etc... one trick I have come to rely on is NOT to fill the kup all the way to the top with the coffee.  You need to leave some room at t the top so that the lid isn't touching the coffee inside (maybe a little less than 1/2cm from the top rim).  When I follow this protocol, I get a perfect cup every time.  When I fill it too high, I end up with leakage.  The only problem is that I usually need a cup of coffee int he morning before I can follow my own instructions.
I am sorry to say I had trouble with the cups themselves. Each time I used them, my machine would say "decalcify" which I did the first time. When I used them the 2nd and 3rd times, the problem occurred again. I was able to clear the hot water spout with a toothpick, which remedied the problem. I will not use them again, though, because I don't want to have to do that after every use.
This is what is needed to use with finely ground coffees. It works well. With none fine ground coffee I prefer using my Solo Fill Cups they are easier to use. I have had six for some time and have had no problem except when using fine ground coffee.
The units go together easily, but no matter how much or little coffee I put in the filter, it caused overflow. It's as if the filters are too thick. I also had a few cups that didn't pierce correctly.  Definitely not worth the money for these!
These little cups are a waste of money. The Kerug machine had a difficult time processing the coffee through the cup, and as a result I ended up with several half cups of coffee.<br /><br />I tried it about 10 times, and then gave up.
I got coffee grounds in my cup 4 out of the 5 times I used these. Very disappointed because I would like to use my coffee. The hole punctured in the bottom is larger than the one punched out with the regular K-cups, probably due to the design on the bottom of the cup. I have to flush the system each time I have used this product, wasting time and water.
I tried these disposaKups several times, and each time the filter came loose at the top resulting in coffee and grounds everywhere.  The kup and lid are both made from flimsy plastic that softens at the brewing temperature.  The result is a loose fit at the top during brewing, distortion of kup at the bottom (because filter is forced down) and coffee and grounds everywhere.  The lids work one time with OEM Keurig kups (cleaned and refilled), but the second time they are loose and result in overflow.  An email to the company for a refund was not answered.  Do not buy these!
I ordered 100 DisposaKups.  They came fast and were just what was advertised.  I will definitely be re-ordering.  Thanks alot!!
Neat concept. Other contraptions to use your own coffee have prepunched holes and are designed much differently than the K-Cup. This is like a do it yourself K-Cup. However, because this consists of a disposable cup, filter, and a cap and is punched by the brewer, I would not be surprised if this mechanism infringed on Keurig's patents. Oh, and the video review submitted by the other reviewer looks suspiciously like the video on the manufacturers website :)
Empty K-Cups, miniature filters and lids allow you to use your own favorite ground coffee.  If you buy roasted beans and grind your own, this is the solution for you.  One scoop in the K-Cup, put on the lid and pop it into your Kuerig.<br /><br />I shied away from buying a Kuerig because I love my Kenya-AA from Talk 'n Coffee in Deptford, NJ.  They roast it dark, grind it almost to percolator coarseness for me (sigh) and ship it to me here in Florida.  I had tried mesh filters but even with my custom percolator grind, I'd get grinds in the brew.  The special cup holders looked like a labor-intensive solution too so I stuck with my Mr. Coffee.  When I saw the disposable cups on Amazon, I ordered them along with the Keurig.<br /><br />This works great!  A single fresh hot cup of Kenyaa AA dark roast whenever the spirit moves me and no worries about having to make a partial pot for only one cup.  I'll have Talk 'n Coffee grind the beans a little finer for the Kuerig on my next order.  I re-ground my percolator grind a little finer and the portion strength is now perfect for the travel mug size.<br /><br />Kathy buys loose tea and uses the disposable K-Cup for a mug whenever it suits her fancy.  It's a lot easier than the little metal thingie with the chain and waiting for a kettle to boil.<br /><br />One benefit I hadn't counted on is that clean-up is easy and fast - pluck the used disposable K-Cup from the Kuerig and toss it in the trash.  No more having to service the coffee pot!<br /><br />To save time in the morning, I used to set up Mr. Coffee the night before but now I just make up the disposable K-Cups a dozen at a time and we fresh-brew by the cup in the morning for several days running. We actually use less coffee after evaporation and "who doesn't want the last cup" considerations.  I think the savings on coffee and Mr. Coffee filters is probably break-even with the cost of the disposable K-Cups so net-net, they seem free.<br /><br />Only one con from me.  It's hard for these arthritic old hands to fit the lid on due to the filter overlapping the top of the K-Cup.  Folding or cutting away the overlap causes grinds in the brew and a clogged lower needle.  I don't think there is a cure without the downside being greater than the problem.  I have found patience and not over loading the K-Cup to be the best solution.
Great product.  I was looking for a way to use my coffee in my krueig machine (by cuisinart) with out having to use the supplied filter.  Let's face it, the whole point is to make a cup of coffee using the k-cup and not have to fill the little filter, then clean it afterwards.  Kinda defeats the purpose.  I was looking for this type of item and hoping that I could pre-package my brand of coffee. I was skeptical at first, but thought for the price, I'd give it a try AND the product works GREAT.  I fill up the 50 cups with the filter, lid and store it in an old K-cup box.  The lids fit tight and it works just like the more expensive k-cups. The only issue is that on my 12 cup setting, there is a little spill over, but there are no problems with the 10 cup setting.  Once in a while when you open the top to put in another cup, it will stick to the top of the machine where the hole punctures the cup, but that's in once in a while.  In fact I am about to purchase again.  I only wish the shipping wasn't as much as the product.  It arrived earlier than scheduled I believe. All in all, I will be using these on a regular basis.
When I bought my Keurig Brewer, I was so impressed at how it worked.  The different types of coffee and how it brewed.<br />HOWEVER - I did not realize how expensive the coffee K-cups would be.  I couldn't spend 80.00 dollars a month on coffee!!<br /><br />Then I found DISPOSAKUPS - What a great idea and they are so easy to use. The very best part about them is that fact that they can be thrown away - No having to wash the insert that Keurig provides.<br /><br />These cups do not leak.  They work perfectly!  I will be ordering more.
Bought a pack of a 100 of these and each cup it takes so long to process the coffee.. Each cup I get coffee grounds in and not a whole cup of coffee.. Great concept, I believe the paper filter is to fine which holds back the coffee and pressure which results in bleeding of coffee grounds out of the 2 other holes.. Regular K Cups work work much better.. Again great idea, just not so great of a product..
It worked just as it claimed.  I had no leaking at all and it brewed a really great tasting cup of coffee.  Really happy that I've found these.
These cups and filters work excellent.  A cheaper alternative to use your own coffee.<br />Will definitely purchase more.
First of all, I thought I could save money filling my own Keurig K-Cups. By the time I bought the fillable cups, paid shipping and bought coffee to put in them, I was already in the hole.<br />If all you have to do is fill these little cups all day I guess it will work for you, because you can have the coffee of your choice. The other problem was is they get stuck in the brewer when you try to take them out.<br />I still have about thirty left, and when they are gone I will not replace them.
I looked, I bought, I tried several different types of brewing cups.  For the cost and quality, these are the best! I can make a few ahead of time...using MY preferred brand of coffee. I'll, definitely, keep these in stock at my house!
I thought these would be the perfect answer. Sadly, I guess the pressure with which my Keurig machine shoots the water through the k-cup is too much for the disposa cup, because every single time I tried it, coffee grounds were spewed up through the tiny hole in the lid of the disposa cup all over the inside of where the k-cup sits in my keurig. And yes, I used them properly.<br /><br />So the issue, at least in my Keurig machine, seems to be with the lids. Some have suggested its a design flaw with the Keurig machine. In either case, these disposa cups were NOT the answer for me.<br /><br />Biggest waste of money ever. I cannot recommend.
I bought this through Amazon because most items i have purchased through them have been great.  THIS PRODUCT IS THE EXCEPTION.  They are very difficult to seal or close once filled, and they make one huge mess of your machine.  This product is just not ready for prime time. Also,  it isn't a cheap product.  The filters leak out of the sides which i don't understand as it can't be  sealed any better than i have been doing.  Most important, and this IS IMPORTANT, IT IS MADE IN CHINA, so you just can't be sure that it is free of chemicals that are released during the brewing process.  Other products clearly state that they are Chemical free.  I can't remember if it BTh or BHT, but take that into consideration.  BUY SOMETHING ELSE.  PLEASE.
The service and delivery from Amazon was great.  However, the product itself is not worth buying.  No matter what I try, coffee leaks out around the Kcup when brewing....it makes a mess!  Wanted the cups to use my favorite coffee (Tim Hortons), but guess I'll just have to get used to other brands!
My sister bought a Keurig. We all started using it. But mom still had her cans of coffee. I didn't want them to go to waste, so I bought this figuring I could make her k-cups with her own coffee. The cups are flimsy, first of all (most of them buckle too easily while getting the top on). It *looks* like a good seal (and yes, I made sure there were no coffee grounds on the edge, which I know can screw up the seal), but they still leak. Get one of the reusable cups. It'll be better for you and your Keurig.
I recently received a Kuerig Coffee Maker  and realized that the coffee cups would be a costly add on to the product. DisposaCups came to the resue. These durable cups can be filled with your own coffee rather than the expensive Kuerig cups. My only issue with these cups is that when I fill them to save for later use, the tops do not stay on snuggly. Hope they work on this.
The lids keep popping off when the cup fills up with water, the only I have not tried is putting 2 holes in bottom of the cup so that the water might flow out faster. It's a damn mess getting coffee grounds in your cup! I would not buy anymore of them, unless I can fix the problem!!!!!No more disposebale K-cups for me!
We put together the cups.  Everything went well with t he coffee into the cups along with a filter.<br />When putting the kcup into the coffee machine it would only drip.  I checked everything and it was put together correctly. I took the made up cups to my son's coffee maker keurig brand also, it did the same thing.  It starts out ok only made drips of coffee.<br />We tried it with two different modes of Keurig and both did not work.It did make holes in right places.
I was anxious to try these cups since they seemed to be sealed like the original K-Cups, but was very disappointed in the product.  Though the cups came with no instructions, it was apparent that you just put the filter in, add coffee, then pop the lid on.  Trouble is, the filters size and shape indicate they should hang over the outside edge of the cup, but when doing that I found it impossible to seal the cups.  So I had to tuck the filter inside to be able to close and seal the lid.  After doing that and trying, the coffee ran VERY slow though the K-Cup and after only about three cups, the Keurig machine seemed to get clogged up and stop working.  I cleaned out with vinegar and tried again, but same result.  I ended up throwing these away as it didn't seem worth the effort to return them.  NOT a good product!
The pods worked as described.  I did not have overflows. I found the best way to secure the top is to press the raised area in the center of the top. Wish they were sold in larger quantities
I was really hoping that your product would solve my discontent with the Keurig coffe maker that I received for Xmas.  I am a coffee and chicory drinker so of course I wanted to have the same great coffee thru the Keurig machine.  The mesh filter that I bought first left a slimed residue in the brew....so I believed that the paper filter you created would do the job....well it does it's work properly but it is a little large for the Keurig device....so water and grinds sort of go everywhere.......I dont think your product isnt good ...the whole Keurig experience is a great disappointment!
I had been looking for something to use with my own coffee. I know the Keurig has its own My K-cup but I wasn't satisfied with the results. There were also suggestions on making personal k-cups by saving the used k-cups and rinsing them out and refilling them with coffee and then covering them with foil or plastic wrap. What a pain that was.<br /><br />After looking at several different disposable k-cups for the keurig I came across this one and felt it did what I wanted. Much less mess involved and works great.
These DisposaKups work great.  I simply fill up a dozen or more with my favorite flavored coffee, and I'm good to go.  It's a great alternative to buying the expensive pre-filled K-cups; not only were the pre-filled K-cups expensive, but they don't offer my favorite coffee blends.  I was using the reusable K-cup filters which are quite expensive to purchase, so I only had 2 & they leaked while brewing & were messy to empty and wash to re-use.  The DisposaKups work much better--just as well as the pre-filled K-cups, no leaks, no mess!  And I can re-use them again if I want by throwing out the filter, rinsing, & using a fresh filter (just have to line up the holes).  Great product! I highly recommend it.  I love my coffee machine again.
I recieved my DiposaKups and was a little disappointed.  First, they took quite awhile to arrive in the mail, however when I was tracking the product, it did say that it would take some time to deliver.  I have the Keurig Cuisinart, and the cups work ok, but they don't allow the machine to finish the brewing process.  It doesn't allow the hinge to completely close, which won't let the machine complete the brewing.  I have to take the cup out in order for it to finish.  HOWEVER, it is very convenient and makes it much more cost effective, but I don't know that I would buy them again because I'm worried I may ruin my machine.
Awesome idea!  I couldn't find my husband's favorite coffee in the k-cups, so I bought these to make my own.  Works great with loose leaf teas too.
This product is the way to go for making your own favorite blend of coffee and loose leaf tea. I use them for tea and found that I can reuse them for two or three cups.
I purchased this product to be able to use my own coffee and tea in the Keurig. The product does what it says. The only drawback that I can tell exists is the expensive shipping. I'd also like to have some suggested measurements for coffee and tea to fill the cup. Perhaps a section on their website where people can just start recording their experiences with different amounts of product... Just my 2 cents.
I really like the idea of the K cup coffee maker. You make it the strength that you want and no wasting a half a pot of coffee. I DID NOT like the horrible price for the "pre-made" K cups. This is a great compromise. The only thing that could be a bit of a problem for some is that they will leak if you don't puncture them fully. This is easily corrected by lifting the open/close lever once and closing a second time. Now, if they would make them out of biodegradable cardboard or something else I could compost, the rest of the planet would love them too.
These work fine. All I really wanted to try were the paper filters, the plastic is not environmentally friendly. I have a reusable Keurig filter but it is messy to clean after use. The paper filters work great in it & I can use my own coffee, which is not available through Keurig.  I've asked if the paper filters could be bought  separately but never got a response.
I have read mixed reviews on the DisposaKups, so I had no expectations.  I would like to say that the product has worked perfectly.  Maybe the issue with some users is that they are not pressing the lid on tight enough or are not allowing the filter to hang over the edge and be sealed in place by the lid.  There was NO leaking at all and I have used 10 cups already.  I also read that the coffee does not seem to be as strong as regular brew.  That is true, probably due to the type of grind.  My resolution to the issue is to have a regular coffee cup in place, but choose the smallest cup on the Keurig, which gives you roughly half a cup of coffee.  Lift the handle as though you are going to remove the kcup and just push it back down and brew a second tiny cup into the already brewed cup.  Viola!  Perfect.  I definitely recommend and will certainly purchase again.
I have given this product five stars because it works very well for coffee with the filters that come with it.<br /><br />But my five stars come with a warning: don't use these little cups without using the little filters, especially with teas or tea-based coffee substitutes (like loose "Teeccino").  The tea-leaves swell to a far greater extent than water-logged, ground coffee beans.  They also swell much faster, which tends to clog the small, unprotected puncture at the bottom of the little cups.  So, not using the filter is a very, very dumb idea.  If you put less tea in the little cups, the tea still clogs the system without the filters!<br /><br />So.. Be wise, and use the cups with the filters.<br /><br />For what it's worth, though, the Solo "My K-Cup" works perfectly with all types of contents, with or without the little filters.  It's ridiculously expensive, however.  Happily, for me, who am not flowing with dough, the plastic cups (with the little filters) are an answer.
These cups are simple and easy to use the only drawback is the fact that maybe 1/3 of the cups get caught in the unit when you open. However, they are easy to remove once you just close and reopen.
It is just like a k-cup...no ground left in the bottom of my coffee.  Makes a strong, hot cup of Joe.  The cup melts to the shape of your coffee maker.  It works wonderfully, but when i did the math for saving a few bucks...the whole reason i went looking for an alternative...it is just about the same as buying the prepackaged cups (i try to buy the K-cups around $28), except you can choose your own coffee and YOU have to measure it out.  Now i have not used all 50 cups yet so i will see if some of my coffee is left over and then it might be a little cheaper. The breakdown... $18 dollars for the disposable cups (shipping included), and $10 for my favorite coffee + time to fill the cups + environmentally wasteful = We need a better solution.  The reusable filters received mixed reviews, but i might give it a shot.
These K-Cups have damaged something causing the water to not come through my already made K-Cups. I now have to put a ready made in and puncture it then open it and turn the K-Cup and puncture it again for the water to come through. I think the material in the disposable K-Cup is too heavy and damages the needle on the bottom.
I purchased these on a whim, and after researching for other disposable products. I have the single mesh filter plastic re usable one, but the "convenience" factor of a disposable is not there. you have to then clean it and all that mess. with this product, simply pop a filter (included_ into the cup, (included) fill it with 1-2tsp of your own blend, or folgers starbucks, anything. and use the included cup holder to pop a lid on (which are also included) I bought 50 and am now so happy with these I'm ordering 200 more. why?? because for the 12-15$ you spend on these cups you can make 50 coffee's  if you have some regular coffee in your fridge, use that. you can even say a bag of starbucks breakfast blend ground is around 10.00, so your at 22.00 , thats only 2 boxes of 12 Kcups coffee's and you can fill 75-100 on a single 1lb bag, a 1.5lb tub of folgers can fill about 400 of these refills for 9.00 for the tub  so go for it, you won't regret it...<br /><br />one thing i want to point out is the included filters DO hang out the edges a bit, nothing wrong, it just adds to the seal, and depending on your brewers strength you can see "seepage" AFTER brewing a cup, but who cares, they are disposable. if you are a total cheap wad you can pop the lids off and use the cups again if you don't mind a whole in the bottom from where the brewer pops it. but your Freshness won't last with a re used cup.  Hope this review helps!!! thanks!
Handy cups were easy to fill using the enclosed stand and performed quite well. Lids fit snugly and ran well through my Keurig machine.
Works great. So much easier to use than the one you buy for the machine. Less mess - just throw it away!
What can I say - they just work. No muss no fuss. Fill the cup pop the top on and save money.
So glad that someone came up with these.  We had experimented with several ways to make a filter for the "fill your own" kup that came with the Keurig and nothing worked.  These are great and we like the coffee we use much better than the kups from Keurig.  The only problem with the DisposaCups is that sometimes the folds on the paper filters prevent you from securing the lid.  To remedy this, I spread the folds out a little more, then the lid snaps right on.  Great product, saves a ton of money.  And, we reuse the cup and only replace the lid and filter!
These cups are usable as stated.  They are exactly what I was looking for which was a less expensive method to have coffee.  They do leak slightly but not too bad. Not sure if it makes the hole's a little larger than the prepackaged cups.  But on the high side, I do get the have the coffee that I want, the way I want it. Which is great.
I fill up a dozen of these with DD dark and take them to work for my afternoon cup.  I use Eko (not solofil) at home for my breakfast dose.  These do the job, are very economical, and I only have a problem with a bit of grinds run-through if the *machine* is dirty - they need to be wiped down every do often, and don't let the needles plug up.
These cups are great. I have been reusing the originals and putting aluminum foil for the top.  These make it much easier and you can reuse them also.
This was a return buy. I bought 50 to try and loved them. This time I ordered 150.00. They are fab for your favorite coffee
I'm not happy with these reusuable cups ! They don't hold enough coffee so when using the Keuring system, I get a small cup of coffee intead of the middle button. I hope Keurig comes out with a better reusable k cup holder.
I was looking for a simple and inexpensive way to provide my own supply of "home made" K-cups. This product is all that it is described to be;fairly easy to use and does not adversely affect the cup of coffee. Clearly, the cups and lids are in fact reusable albeit a little messy.<br />I have used all 50 filters so I am at a point where I need to decide if I want to continue on with this regimen or go to plan B.<br />I am electing to try one of the reusable style cups that don't require the use of a filter. My hope is that it will be a little quicker and less messy to use.<br />However, if plan B does not meet my expectations I can always order another supply of filters and continue on with this DisposaCups system.
Great way to use your own coffee rather than buying k-cups.  They are great because you don't have to change out the holding tray and there is no mess, u just toss them like you would a k-kup, no washing out of the filter every time.  It would be nice if there were not 3 parts to the process (filter already in cup).  I just load up 10 at a time and am set for the week.
The basic problem with this product is that unless you load a VERY small amount of coffee in the filter, the filter clogs.  This causes the coffee ground and hot water to back up through the hole in the top and cause a mess.  My son and I spent a few hours experimenting with different ways to prevent this but we have admitted defeat.  I suspected the filter but I used filters which work perfectly fine in my EZ Cup still result in a mess on my kitchen counter. Even worse, coffee grounds in my coffee!  However, if you like your coffee very weak, this will work well for you.  I hope they can fix the design issues.  Until then, I will stick with my EZ Cup.
It took a couple of tries to figure out how to snap on the cap and a couple of tries to tell how much coffee to put in it for the strength preferred.  After that, it is economical and not much trouble.
This is a great idea, but i find that the grounds get into the coffee, and the coffee doesn't come out of the maker as nice as the regular kcups.  It is messy as it comes out and misses the mug.  It still is nice but is not quite as good as the orginal.
I am very happy with the DisposaCup Single Serve Brewers. The item arrived in a timely manner and was in perfect packaging. Now I can brew my favorite brand of coffee anytime I want.
Received the order very fast. The lids are a little hard to get on. But they work fine. It's a good way to use your own brand of coffee if you like.
The cups are a little tight for my machine. You have to press down on the handle really hard. Also the lids don't fit properly unless the filter is pushed down all the way into the cup.
I picked these up for my wife so she could make coffee out of any brand she likes. They work perfectly in her new Keurig that I got her for Christmas. You couldn't ask for better.
Good, easy to use, somewhat hard to get the caps on, but at the end you can easily dispose of these disposable Kups after using.<br /><br />Good that you can use your own coffee.  Fresh coffees.  I personally like coffees from Spain, Puerto Rico and other countries.<br /><br />The bad, sometimes is messy.  Coffee grinds seem to leak, creating a slight mess and the need to clean the machine.  This leak is more in the area of the Kups lid and cup.  And some times these grinds even get in your cup of coffee.  Just read other reviews about this.  Not sure if it could be related to how fine are the grinds of coffee.<br /><br />On the other hand, with disposable Kups you don't need to keep cleaning wire filter baskets.  That's a very plus.<br /><br />All considered will probably buy again, but wish a better lid/cup seal that will not leak.  Hope down the road they will offer improved DisposableKups.
We have had a Keurig Mini Brewer for over 2 years and the family really likes it!  We all have different tastes and we like the idea of preparing a cup of our choice, without wasting an entire pot.  We enjoy hot chocolate, hot tea, iced tea, and, of course, coffee - but, even then, we like a good cup of "morning" coffee, flavored coffee during the day, and decaf at night - so the pot is in use constantly and with a variety of goodies.<br /><br />I was given a gourmet assortment of ground coffee, and it has been sitting on the shelf for quite awhile.  But, now, thanks to the disposable K-cups, I am finally able to experiment with some lovely new flavors, while the "stuffy die-hards" in the family can stay with their favorite brew.  As soon as I saw the disposable K-cups and filters I knew I had to order this product. It's easy to use - disposable - and it's just as fast to make a cup of delicious coffee in this container as it is to stand over the two-drawer rack trying to decide which flavor to choose.  We are very happy with this product!
These k-cups really save money. I can have the coffee I like and my husband can have his.  Delivery was quick and product exactly as described.  Will be buying more!
I really like them, but they are sort of hard to put the lid on without crushing the cup. Wish that was easier.
I love these little DisposaKups! It seems everywhere I go, people have a Keurig. At work, my daughters, and my girl friends all have a Keurig. Except, my favorirte coffee doesn't come in a premade k-cup so with an espresso grind and these DisposaKups I can bring my favorite Keurig coffee any where I go! Have DisposaKups, will travel!
This is a great product and you provided great customer service. Thanks so much for the opportunity to purchase this item.
My husband recently bought me a Keurig Brewer.  I was excited for my new toy but my joy quickly turned into dismay when I saw how expensive the little "cups" cost.  I love coffee and have always bought beans to grind.  I was DELIGHTED when I found these wonderful little disposable filters to use with my Brewer.  Now I have the best of both worlds!<br />I placed my order and to my surprise they showed up 3 days later!
Thought this might be a nice alternative to use with my favorite coffee, but was sadly disappointed.  It leaked all over - no matter what we tried and the coffee was weak, machine clogged with most attempts and water wouldn't brew thru.  At times the cup even melted a little - leaving a nasty taste in the coffee.<br /><br />Go with the greener alternative and try the ekobrew - much better results and no waste.
I was happy to get the disposacups and look forward to using them.  I really like the paper filters. I am wondering if the cups can be used again. I know the lid can't. I will see what happens with this for future uses.
They work great , now I can use my on coffee and that is nice only four littlt steps. Cup-filter-coffee-lid
Not thrilled with these.  Doubt I will buy them again.  Lid doesn't fit very well.  Messy and did not make a good cup of coffee.  Cost including shipping to me was .36/filter cup plus coffee. Don't think it is worth it as I can buy a Green Mountain K-Cup for around .54/cup and they are perfect every time.
We have a Michigan-based coffee cafe (now renamed "Biggby's") that stomps Starbucks. (Biggby's was originally named "Beaners," a name that encountered resistance as the franchise spread.) Their<br />dark roasts are to die for --- none of the K-cups come close (except possibly for G.M. Espresso). So this build-it-yourself K-cup is a near perfect solution. The downside is that the brewing takes much longer and there is a bit of splatter. Also the caps are a bit difficult to snap down. Recommended.
I bought these to be able to use my favorite coffess and lessen the expensive of the prefilled K-cups.  It little bit more time consuming than the prefilled cups, but if you make several at a time, they work great.
The DisposaKups are great because I can use my own brand coffee and adjust the strength of it. The only thing that needs to be improved on is that the edges of the filter need to be trimmed down to prevent leakage.  At first try it is a little difficult to get the tops on but after a few times of doing it, it becomes easier.  The price is a little steep for me but much less than buying the already filled K-kups.  I feel sure that I will order this product again.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004TSAZO0">DisposaKups for Keurig K-Cup Brewers - 50 Cups, Lids, Filters - 100% Disposable - FREE PRIME SHIPPING</a>
This is a really good product. I had a little trouble the first couple times because I didnt tighten the lid down but besides that it is a good item.
The disposable K cups allow me to use my own coffee with the Keurig single cup coffee maker, better than others I have tried.
These disposable cups are great!  The simple, clean method of a portion pack but with your own grounds.  Now I need to see if they pack them in larger quantities.  The seller was also great. I got what I wanted and ahead of time also.  No issues to report here.  Anyone with the K-Cup system needs to get this product from this seller.
WE ORDERED THESE BECAUSE WE LOVE OUR NEW KEURIG COFFEE MAKER,,,,BUT AS WE DRINK ALOT OF COFFEE FOUND THAT BUYING THE KCUPS ARE WAY TOO EXPENSIVE,,,,WITH THESE WE CAN USE OUR REGULAR COFFEE IN THESE DISPOSABLE CUPS....THEY ARE STILL NOT FUN TO FILL,,,,(NOT AS EASY AS JUST REACHING FOR A PRE=MADE ONE) BUT ARE FAR MORE ECONOMICAL THAN THE PRE-MADE ONES....THEY DELIVERY WAS ON TIME AND AS PROMISED...
I really wasn't too sure this product would work.  It has surpassed all my expectations.  I will never buy the ready made K cups again.  This is truly a genius product!
They are everything I expected except for one flaw. I had trouble keeping the lever completely down on the machine.Great product and my brother was excited also and I gave him a box. I hope they are in stores soon. Such an ease to use, great idea, no clean up just throw away.
Works great. Seems to work wonders. Lid is tight and some times hard to put on. When you get the hang of it easy. I'll buy again.
Purchased these for our new coffee machine. They work very good. No issues. Using these with our regular coffee is a plus.
These were just what I was looking for, however, when using in my Cuisinart they leak and back up water which spurts out in different areas of my K-Cup area. I don't want to ruin my machine, so I'm trying different things with this disposable cup, i.e., smaller amount of coffee, packing it looser, and smaller amount of water for cup size.  Still leaks some, but it's getting better as before I had about 3 to 4 areas of dripping water/coffee, some hitting inside the coffee cup and several outside of coffee cup.
I am impressed at how easy these are to use, much better than the one that you can buy from Keurig.<br />Great company to buy from when i go through these will reorder again
i had a kerig before and it broke. the company said it was because i was using expresso in the k-cup and it was to fine and cloged the machine. kerig does not make a k-cup with spanish coffee so when i found these i was very happy. i have been using these for about a month and i love them and it is so much cheaper. i would highly recommend these.
I love these cups. My husband and I like community coffee from back home  unfortunately, no kkup in their line yet.  These diapisables are perfect.  They perform just as reliably as the standard k cups with the economy and convienance of your own bulk coffees.
I haven't had a chande to actually try the k-cups to see if they work as advertised.  However the order arrived on time and in excellent condition.  For this a gave the 4 star rating.  If the cups work as advertised, then this rating will jump to 5 stars.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004K30HO2/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004K30HO2/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title<br />DISPOSALKUPS THIS PRODUCT I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND i recieved my first 50 cups and filled them with my own coffee and they worked great i now ordered another 50 cups beings i liked them so much and not only that DO THE MATH<br />50 cups for 10 and change vs 18-24 cups for 10 and change.<br /><br />and i will continue to order again. thank u for coming up with this
I purchased this item as an alternative to traditional K-cups in an attempt to save money; however, this product did not work well in my machine. I followed the directions and read reviews to see what works best, but was not able to use the K-cups effectively. The cup itself is too weak and warps in my machine. I compared the shape before and after and there is a big difference; this K-cup seems to expand horizontally and vertically because the plastic is not strong enough. Also, the K-cup is shaped differently from the traditional K-cup. This is neccessary because it does not use foil as a topper, but does not seem to work. In the end, I had to clean up several coffee explosions in my kitchen to figure out how it works, but still could not use it effectively. Maybe I am not doing something correctly, but I'm sure there is also an issue with the product itself. While I do like the idea, I would not suggest purchasing this product until the bugs are worked out.
Love these cups!  I hated paying so much for my beloved Keurig coffees, the cups work great, they are convenient, easy to use and I can use whatever coffee I choose!!!!!
My family has been enjoying Bug Bites organic chocolates for years.  I highly recommend both the milk chocolate and the dark chocolate varieties.  They are very smooth and rich, and not the least bit "waxy" tasting like some of the more popular American chocolates.  Each individually packaged bite is the perfect size for an adult and maybe a little more than a mouthful for a young child. Each tiny package contains a special treat- a tiny insect card which features a color photograph and interesting facts.  If you have a budding entomologist on your hands, these are the perfect treat! The Endangered Species company is environmentally conscious too, and dedicates 10% of their net profit to support species and habitat preservation.
The candy is ordinary milk chocolate, but I was very glad to have an organic option to hand out for Halloween. I love the idea of including a little nature education with it, but I was a little disappointed in the text on the insect card I saw, which was not well written and had almost nothing to do with the moth that was pictured. But it's more than you get with most candy.
I hate bugs, but I adore these Bug Bites chocolate squares!  The chocolate is smooth and sweet, and small enough to be a daily indulgence.  Plus, each square comes with a tiny insect flashcard with a photo and factoids for your favorite entomologist.<br /><br />Pull the trigger on this one.  Your sweet tooth will thank you.
I put this in my dog's stocking for Christmas.  He was very pleased with the snack.  He likes regular sweet potato fries, so I thought a package of dog ones would make him happy.
i bought these for my pittie who is on a sweet potato and fish diet.  i thought they would be a little larger, but they are more suitable for a smaller breed dog.  they were even a little small for my pug who gulped them down and i was afraid she would choke on them.
This was a new product for our 2 "kids"...They liked them so well we even thought of trying them! Great price, and obviously a new favorite!
Over the years, I have become an expert on chocolate covered raisins. For something so simple, it's surprising how difficult it is to find one that is truly exceptional. In some, the chocolate is too waxy and tasteless. In others, the raisins are too small or dried out. Kirkland chocolate covered raisins are just right. The raisins are large and moist, and the chocolate is high quality. I used to think that brach's made a good one, until I had these.<br /><br />If you or someone you know is a chocolate covered raisin fan, this is one you must try. The tub is huge and the price is less than boutique chocolatiers want for a small bag of theirs. It is an outstanding value and I doubt you will be disappointed.<br /><br />I have no affiliation with Kirkland or anyone else. I'm just a chocolate raisin fan who knows when he has a great raisin...and these are truly wonderful.
These are definitely the best chocolate raisins out there. They are the perfect balance of chocolate and raisin...and my boyfriend won't have any others. Too many brands have a TON of chocolate around an itty bitty raisin. What's the point? These are great and a treat!
When I was in high school, my mother would always have these around the house. Living in the dorms, I usually only ever find small, overpriced packages of chocolate covered rasins. This is perfect for satisfying my cravings! It stores very well - I've had mine about a month and they taste the same as when I first opened them - delicious!
These chocolate covered raisins are amazing. There is a nice balance between raisins and chocolate. I always pick up a container when I am shopping at BJ's Wholesale.
I have ordered these raisins multiple times.  They are always great and arrive timely. I can't go back to store bought chocolate covered raisins now! Love this product.
Oh dear, there aren't words to express my feelings for this product.  It's absolutely terrific.  The chocolate melts in your mouth revealing the perfect raisin inside.  You can let them sit in your mouth and savor the moment, or chew through two quickly before throwing more in your mouth - I usually do the latter.<br /><br />I've never been able to find a comparable milk chocolate raisin product so I always end up coming back to these.  They're sold at big discount warehouses and also on Amazon.  Perfect.
I thought I was purchasing a high quality item but it's not all that. The chocolate is very sweet and as you chew on this product you can tell the chocolate is loaded with sugar by the crunchy texture. I'm going to say it's not worth the money and I'm not satisfied.<br />At the same time of purchasing this product I also bought Sunmaid chocolate covered raisons which I rate from a 1-10...a 10. Now we are talking about yumminess!!!!!<br />So customers...if you are going to choose...let it be the Sunmaid...you won't be dissappointed
This dog food is a keeper. I have to buy special dog food for my dog because he has allergies to chicken and brown rice.<br />My Vet prescribed an Iams brand food with kangaroo meat in it. My dog didn't really care for the taste but he ate it.<br />I wanted something more natural, so I looked up Flint River Ranch Fish & Chips. What frustrates me, is how you have to wean your dog off of the old food<br />to gradually get used to the new. He liked the flavor so much, he ate around the old dog food and only ate the Flint River Fish & Chips. Fortunately, his tummy handled<br />the new food really well. We have no problem getting him to eat and I like that he doesn't have to eat a larger serving to get the same nutrition. I will definitely order<br />Flint River Ranch Fish & Chips again, and soon. I recommend it highly.
I became a fan for Dave's Gourmet Dave's Burning Nuts about 3 years ago.  This is a very addicting snack. A hefty dose of heat with just the right amount of saltiness. I've introduced them to a number of my co-workers who are now big fans.  I have tried the other spicy nut products on the market, but so far, Dave's is by far the champ!
Okay, I'm eating these nuts as I write this review...<br /><br />And as another review noted, these are pretty addictive... However, I caution you in advance... after a few hand-fulls of these, you will be running around your house trying to find something to drink to put that fire out in your mouth.  If you like some heat and are a peanut fan... you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Would write more... but... I... need... a... drink!!!  FIRE IN MY MOUTH.<br /><br />HOLY HOT NUTS!!!
My Seth is a huge fan of spicy things, the hotter the better. I was hoping these would go over really well, and be a regular snack. He likes them, but just that. I got him the Ass Kickin' Snack Mix, and he devoured it, wolfing it down, so We'll stick with that. I'd still consider this a great buy if you love peanuts. And it's a great price.
Awesome tasting nuts!  Love them?  Will be ordering them again.  The entire neighborhood wants to eat them all but I am stingy.
I've given these to friends that don't eat spicy and they wanted to kill me afterwards.  Actually one person did not want to speak to me at work for a week.  These are pretty spicy.  I'll normally sit down and eat maybe 20-30 at a time and that's it.  If you're a fan of Dave's hot sauces then you owe it to yourself to get this 4 pack.  It's also a great gift or stocking stuffer.
If you want HOT peanuts, this is your product.  I have tried several other brands, and these peanuts seem to pack the most punch and have a fantastics taste.
Amazon has the best price in town.  Hot nuts that don't disappoint.  I would recommend trying Dave's other items as well.  Great flavor.
these are some pretty darn good nuts with some spicy bite.  they wont change your life, but they are good.  the double entendre in the name is a serious bonus.
I've tried pretty much every pepper covered peanut (or cashew) on the market and these are by far the best.  You'd better like spicy though.
I have been buying these habenero peanuts for some time and they are VERY good and, unfortunately, as advertised, they are also VERY ADDICTIVE!<br /><br />( I am consuming them as I speak...electronically)<br /><br />FORTUNATELY, they are much better NOW since I can order them from AMAZON where I get a MUCH BETTER PRICE and LOW TWO DAY SHIPPING with my membership.<br /><br />This is not a paid advertisement.<br /><br />John
Dave's Nuts are fantastic - hot, spicy. crunchy, and habit-forming.<br /><br />No babies, frail women, or wimpy men need to order!
Well, at least they live up to their name. These nuts are definitely hot, too bad that's all the positive I have to say about them. Other than that, they taste like cardboard, and not very good cardboard either.
YUMMY.  That should be all my review says.  But really, these are just that, yummy.  I am 10 weeks pregnant and haven't felt like eating much these last few weeks, but tonight, the night before I have to fast for a blood draw, I was craving some banana moon pies.  Off to the store I went and bought a box of these mini moon pies - the perfect size!!  You don't feel as bad eating two of them because they are so small, and eating 4 of them is kinda like eating 2 of the bigger ones, not that I did that or anything.  haha  Go get your banana moon pies today - you won't regret it!!
This is absolutely the best tasting coffee I have ever drank!  I can't find it locally, thankfully Amazon has saved me once again.
Love the convienent little squeeze bottles.  My sons put it in and on everything from cereal, tea, pancakes, to even nutbutter or nutbutter sandwiches, and chicken sandwiches.<br /><br />Awesome Taste, who could ask for more.<br /><br /> "Dissolves instantly in hot or cold. The all natural and organic replacement for sugar in baking, cooking, sweetening beverages of any kind ... Equitably Traded ? Vegan - Kosher - Gluten Free.BPA Free Re-useable/Recyclable Bottle"<br /><br />Renita's Sweet Nutbutter spread recipe:<br /><br />3 tablespoons of RAW agave (more or less to your sweettooth)<br />2 Tablespoon of peanut butter or nut butter.<br />put nut butter in bowl and add agave. Stir with fork until lighter even color or well blended.  Spread on bread for an awesome nutbutter sandwich, or toast, crackers or even chicken for a real treat.<br /><br />My ten year old also likes to use this sweet nut spread on chicken(hot or cold, grilled or fried, enter or even in a sandwich)also works great on soy patties for the Vegan.<br /><br />our favorite nutbutters are :<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GQ3E28">Peanut Butter & Co. Peanut Butter, Smooth Operator, 16-Ounce Jars (Pack of 6)</a><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001P22K5U">Barney Butter Smooth Almond Butter, 16-Ounce Jars (Pack of 3)</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XGL602">O Organics Creamy Peanut Butter, 18 Ounce Jars (Pack of 6)</a>
great coffee--this was way too much to pay for it, but i could not find it anywhere else at the time.  i feel a taken advantage of price-wise and probably would not order again.
I just went to Ralph's International Market, formerly Niagara Distributing, located at 3701 N. 29th Avenue, Hollywood, Florida, I got 3 pounds of Sahlen's for 15.99, they also have 5 pounds for 25.99.  They have more Buffalo favorites, Chivetta's sauce, hot sauce ... check them out!
I figure I would brag, I live in buffalo and just got 3lbs for $7.98! But seriously the best hot dogs ever
i agree with Gary S. it perishable so it need to be ship over night. i ordered 5 pounds and i got it the next day. Thanks Citymade Inc.
These SAHLEN'S SMOKEHOUSE HOTDOGS are "Totally Yummy".  They have a lighter flavour than the all-beef hotdogs I am used to....and are NOT as unduly salty!  The delicious smoked taste is there, all right -- but it is NOT overpowering, and will NOT burn your tongue!  Just a nice, subtle flavour.  And this all means not only are they delicious, but also that you won't go looking for gallons of water, (or soda, or whatever), after you eat a few.<br /><br />These are BIG, substantial hot-dogs.  If you want yours in a hot-dog bun, it will probably not only fill the bun, but some of the hot-dog will stick out at either end!<br /><br />If you wnat to take the "wrapping" (skin), off the hot dog, this is NOT easily done -- but then, it's not easily done with any of the OTHER hot dogs I've ever tried, either.  BUT -- it is EASIER to take off at least PART of the plastic wrapping -- and JUST the plastic wrapping, leaving the hot-dog itself, totally intact -- with thes Sahlen's Smokehouse Hotdogs, than it has EVER been my experience with any other hot-dogs.  (Maybe if I had more patience, I would indeed have been able to take more of -- or even all of -- the plastic wrap off.  But these hot-dogs are SO yummy, such will, I fear, never be the case!)<br /><br />These hot-dogs are conveniently wrapped two together -- so you will NOT be taking the entire contents out, when you want just one, or two.  At least, you won't do this inadvertently.  But -- once tasting these delightful hot-dogs, you may be sorely tempted to do this deliberately....<br /><br />................>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>...................<br /><br />On one of Oprah Winfrey's earliest programs, she and some guests went to a very<br />elite restaurant -- SPAGOS.  I'm sure I'm not the only audience member who had never head of Spago's before then.  Recently, I learnt that "pizza" at Spagos is<br />filled with SMOKED SALMON!  This makes Spago's pizza the "non plus ultra" of pizzas, I'm sure!<br /><br />For "non plus ultra", (absolutely NO better) hot-dogs, SAHLEN'S SMOKEHOUSE HOT-DOGS, just HAVE to be the ones.  Sahlen's has been making, (and probably, perfecting), hot-dogs, since 1869, (140 years).  So, for THE ultimate hot-dog, on a par with Spago's pizza, (for pizza), Tetley's Classic Blend, (for tea-bags), Maxwell House Arabica Blend Decaf Instant Coffee, (for instant coffee), Guylian Chocolate Sea Shells, (for chocolate), and other such top-of-the-tastebuds-foods, it's SAHLEN'S SMOKEHOUSE HOTDOGS, for hotdogs.<br /><br />Yes....they ARE that good!
This is one of the best hot dogs made, unfortunatally it is not widely available.  Citymade must be off their rocker if they think people are gonna sale hot dogs for such a crazy price.  Granted there is 30+ weiners in a package, still a stupid price.
A friend gave me a tea bag to try while at work yesterday.  I accidentally oversteeped the tea and expected a very strong bitter brew.  I was very happy with the smoothness of this tea.  While it was quite strong, nothing was overpowering and the bitterness I expected was not present at all.<br /><br />My 2nd brewing was done with more care.  This tea has an exceptionally smooth taste and excellent flavor.  I'll be buying Ahmad tea in the future.
I just loved the tea.  We just add a little honey and sit back and relax.  It has a slight citrus flavor which I find very refresshing.
I spent along time and a lot of money looking for a great Earl Grey... to this point its been loose leaf tea i order from another site until my girl friend went to London with her family bring me back a small sample pack of 10 tea bags. i loved it so much i had gotten this 6 pack of 20 count boxes which i have polished off and reordered since then.<br /><br />The tea stays fresh in the foil package each tea bag  which makes it so air and light cant damage the flavor of the tea which is the problem is loose leaf tea's.<br /><br />The flavor of the tea is a nice Bergamot flavor which is smooth no matter how long you leave the tea in. i perfer mine strong and straight up. each sit is as good as the first. i will keep buying this tea and also try other ones by ahmad of London
I love Ahmad tea. The Earl Grey is a wonderful tea for an afternoon sipping. The bergamot flavour isn't overpowering like some other brands I have tried.<br /><br />I will be buying more of this wonderful tea
Presentation is yous perfect and product really fresh, tea bags came inside individualized plasticized aluminum bag making them to be ever-fresh. I will buy other kind of teas from this seller, hopefully they must be as excellent as the Earl Grey one.
Having tried a very large number of Earl Grey teas, I've been struck by how particularly flavorful this brand is.  It's really worth trying.  I ended up buying the pack of 6 boxes twice I liked it so much.
For any Tea lover, (we became fans in England) Ahmad Tea pleases immensely. I/we have sampled tea from quite a few vendors but after our son brought a pack of Ahmad Tea back with him (from Jolly Old..) as a gift, we were sold. We found the flavor splendid. We loved it. It is fully flavored and needs NO sugar/milk/sweetener at all. (And I usually needed sweeteners with the other brands of Earl Grey, so...)<br />Buying it from Amazon is a very economical solution and delivery was expediant. I HIGHLY recommend, if you enjoy hot tea, try this brand!<br />MAC,<br />Please excuse any spelling errors, that may have occurred in my haste, and NO spell-check help. Heheheh. Ta-ta. "Earl Grey..hot". JLP
This is my wife's absolute favorite Earl Grey.  Me, I find that while the Bergamot flavor is nice, I like a tea base that is a bit brisker.
I am attracted to reliable consumables which do not vary much from batch to batch. I expect the single malt scotch I purchase this month will be similar to the one I bought six months ago, all things remaining the same. In my experience, I have had Ahmad Earl Grey Tea that's knocked off my socks with a rich flavor, filled with the bergamot that attracts me to Earl Grey. The box I'm currently drinking is so full of tannin and void of essence of bergamot that I don't know if it will actually be drunk. All boxes I've had contained tea bags with an ample amount of tea and each produces a satisfactory little teapot full of caramel colored tea, but I am having difficulty drinking the second cups from this box because the tea powder residue remains. Instead of enjoying an afternoon of relaxation, I develop a stomach ache, so I'm now skipping the entire second cup.  The tea was recently purchased, so staleness is likely not an issue.
Nice serving size, good complement to breakfast.  Low in fat, high in protein, and taste great.  I keep the unused portion in the freezer and microwave them, or heat them in a pan if you want a crispier outside.  They are pre-cooked.  Love 'em!
MADE IN CHINA..<br />Even our dog food has gone the way of the Hershey Kiss. I won't be back to this vendor.<br />Will be looking for made and sold in AMERICA only.....
My Experience:<br /><br />It's very translucent, with just a light golden color. It smells like you'd expect a peach to smell, but the taste hints of a white grape juice, though it has no grape in it and tastes more peachy over time, especially as it warms up. It's tingly on the tongue, but doesn't foam up. It's slightly drier than your average juice, with a hint of bitterness, probably from the carbonation.<br /><br />Did I Like it: Yes, though not as much as their offering in Pomegranate-Apple, a 6 out of 10. My wife doesn't like it so much.
I love Kristian Regale Black Currant sparkling drink- so thought I'd try the peach.  I never know if I'm going to get a syrupy sweet flavor when I get peach flavored items, but this was really good- somewhat tart, and tastes like fresh peaches.  The bubbles are tiny- so not like regular sodas, but a 'grown up' sparkling beverage.  I will order this again, and would have no trouble giving this as a gift- if I didn't drink it all first !!  I hope Amazon gets the pear flavored (not the listing for 50+ bucks, either.  I'm sure that would be good as well... but the peach and black currant are definite winners !!
Was surprised of the inexpensive price tag and skeptical when purchased.  As it turns out, it is a charming and unique gift and a great buy for the price!
REALLY good mix. Pleasantly surprised to find it includes macadamia nuts. We will enjoy this mix immensely. I am sure we will order it again.
This is a fantastic product, arrived fresh and it's a good price with subscribe and save. I will be keeping this subscription.
I eat mixed nuts all the time at work. They make a healthy snack instead of the donuts, etc. that are always around. The plus side of these is that they are much lower salt than usual. The down side is that they are almost all cashews. Very few brazil nuts, pecans and it is a miracle to find a macadamia nut. The lack of variety is disappointing.
The price was comparable to Walmart for same size product.  However these nuts were not as crunchy; and they needed a little more salt.
I thought these had avery good flavor.  I took two tubs to work and most of the people liked them.  Two or three people commented that they liked them better than some other brands because they are not salty.
They do not taste like a good high quality nut, i dont know if it was the lack of salt but they were not for me
I would recommend not buying these nuts if you are looking for some really good tasting nuts.  These are just average quality, and the brazil nuts taste just plain awful.  The only good tasting nut in this lot is the almond and pecans.  There are barely any pecans, but tons of cashews.  Try another brand as I am sure there is something better out there.
These are a cheap fake. Nothing like the real Emerald nuts you buy in the store. Its a complete waste of money. DONT get ripped off like I did.
The stuff is great but I'll pay at most $4 or $5 for four bottles.
The grapefruit and blackberry flavors are the current favorite at my house on Tuesday nights when we try to always have a rotisserie chicken and homemade gravy while watching TV.<br /><br />Once you taste the subtle fruit flavors mingling perfectly in a not overly carbonated sparkling water, you may want to order this by the case.<br /><br />There are no artificial flavorings or colorings, not to mention extra sugar. The only sweetener is grape juice and apple juice concentrate. Lemon juice and fruit concentrates mingle with the sparkling water to create a delicate, smooth, slightly tingly and delicious drink.<br /><br />Perfect for drinking with dinner or taking along on a picnic.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
I just purchased this today for 3.99. I can't believe this price. The product is wonderful however. Nice soda like fizz, but juicy instead of cloyingly sweet.
I love izze sprarkling juice, it is amazing.  My favorite flavors would have to be apple and blueberry.  I was curious to try the grapefuit one though because someone told me it tastes like fresca, and I love fresca.  I tried it and in no way does it taste like fresca, its much milder then fresca and not a very strong grapefruit flavor at all.  I found it to lack in the grapefruit flavor but more of a peach flavor to be honest.  I have not tried the peach one yet but I am guessing it tastes like the grapefruit one:D lol  Oh well, I am just not a big fan of peach drinks.  If you are someone who likes a milder taste of grapefruit then you will love this, its very smooth.  I dont like very smooth so this is not my favorite, I like my drink to have a bite to it.  It is ok, but I will stick to blueberry and apple from now on. The really awesome thing about these drinks though is they are lower calorie then your normal juice, all natural and no added sugar, and each glass bottle has 2 servings of fruit, you cant beat that.
Izze Sparkling Grapefruit Soda is absolutely delicious, even though it is not 100% flavored with grapefruit juice. It's amazing that such a strong, mellow grapefruit taste can come from a mixture of fruit juices. However, the totaly effect is explosively great -- not too tart, not too sweet and wonderfully refreshing.<br /><br />It's perfect on its own own or with a snack because it's not overpowering, it's just the right touch to add to your meals. If you're tired of drinking beverages with ingredients that you can't pronounce, Izze Sparkling Grapefruit Soda is the drink for you.<br /><br />It's a healthy alternative to chemical-laden sodas!
This product is excellent. At my local store, they struggle to keep enough on the shelves. It is usually priced at $4.99 for 4 bottles, which is expensive as it is. I would try not to spend more than this.
My teens and their friends drink regular soda pop by the gallon!  They're obviously addicted to the stuff - a very unhealthy habit.<br /><br />I can't drink soda pop myself, it's been 5 years or so since I had one, and so I began searching for a drink that tasted like regular soda pop, but wasn't unhealthy.  I searched high and low for a suitable alternative - and then I found  Izze.<br /><br />I love the fruity, tangy flavor of Izze's sparkling grafefruit soda.  The grapefruit flavor goes well with spicy mexican foods, but it is also great just by itself.<br /><br />My teens love Izze and drink it now just like soda pop!  I'm so happy to know they aren't guzzling down corn syrup and artificial colors and flavors, but instead are enjoying all-natural Izze, with no added sweeetners!<br /><br />If you're looking for a great alternative to regular soda pop - you can't do better than to buy Izze.
IZZE is fantastic. I tried it three days ago, and haven't been anywhere without a can or bottle of it since. It could quite possibly be the world's most perfect beverage. Nothing artificial, ingredients that you can pronounce, and a taste you just cannot beat. Slightly tart and slightly sweet, this light, bubbly drink should be experienced by everyone at least once.
I'm not much of a soda drinker, but I enjoy a good natural fruit soda in the summertime. Izze describes their sodas as "100% Pure Fruit Juice and Sparkling Water". That's an exaggeration, as there are a few more natural ingredients beside fruit juice and water in these drinks. But the description is apt in that Izze's drinks are more sparkling fruit juices than sodas. They are lightly carbonated, not super-fizzy. And the best of them taste like fresh fruit. The Sparkling Grapefruit will be a fast favorite of grapefruit fans, because it tastes like fresh squeezed pink grapefruit juice, but lighter and a little sweeter. It's a little tart. A little sweet. A little fizzy. Very refreshing. It's like drinking fresh grapefruit juice, only better. There's never any trace of sourness. No refined sugar, artificial ingredients, or caffeine either. 12 fl.oz. glass bottles.<br /><br />Ingredients: sparkling water, grape juice concentrate, grape fruit juice concentrate, lemon juice concentrate, natural flavor, gum acacia (from acacia trees), ester gum, red cabbage extract (color). One serving (which is 8 fl.oz.) contains 10 mg sodium and 25 g total carbs.
If you are a chamomile tea drinker, you will be happy to discover this tea.  The citrus addition makes for a full-bodied but smooth tea.  Definitely the best chamomile tea on the market.  Also, I brew one bag in a coffee maker dedicated to tea only, and get a whole pot out of each bag.  You won't be disappointed in this one.
This tea was a gift. We are down to the last two tea bags, and I had been unable to find it. Alas, it was on the find anything site-Amazon. This particular herbal blend doesn't sound particularly appealing, but one taste and you will be hooked. A smooth, complex blend. Just lovely.
Our little chihuahuas are picky eaters. I really don't find canned foods helpful, since they won't eat any that has been put in the refrigerator overnight. These are perfect because we can split a single package and mix it in with the kibble. Even better, when we travel, these are easy to open and carry.<br /><br />Of all of the selections, the beef chicken combo is their favorite! They always gobble this one up right away.
I must be in love if I'm mulling over a 12 pack of big bags for myself. I love the crunch, intense curry flavor, seediness, and the fact they are gluten free. These are one of the more original savory snacks you can find. They're very hard so you need good teeth and I love the substantial curry flavor that is not "kind of indian" tasting.
I just love these - have tried several flavors ..  gives a gluten freer a chance to snack on a crunchy, healthy snack!!
I have been snacking on the crackers from this line, for a long time now, and someone suggested that I try these Sticks & Twigs. I love everything about them! I love the crunch and the texture of them, and, of course, I love the taste of them, especially with the curry flavor! They are not only delicious, but they are also very nutricious, with lots of protein and fiber in them. They make the PERFECT snack!
Sticks and Twigs may seem a little pricey compared to regular pretzels, but the bag lasts a long time and the ingredients, like flax seeds, quinoa, chia seeds and curry, are good for you. They are very crunchy, but tasty. For some added protein, I like to dip them in peanut butter.
Picked these up on a recent trip...loved the spice!<br /><br />Organic, non-GMO, Vegan, Dairy Free, Wheat Free, Gluten Free, Whole Grain, Kosher, No hydrogenated oils, No trans-fats and contains 550 mg. of omega-3 fatty acids per 1oz serving.  Extremely crunchy and satisfying...using Organic Short Grain Brown Rice, Organic Whole Quinoa, Organic Brown Flax Seeds, Organic Brown Sesame Seeds, Organic Whole Amaranth, Organic Whole Millet, Filtered Water, Sea Salt, Organic Curry Powder, Organic Chia Seeds...and that's all.<br /><br />If you are accustomed to eating healthy, whole foods and have good teeth...you will adore these for snacking.
Good quality product, but you would have to REAlly love curry flavor to like these... They are so awful I don't know what to do with them, but I know I won't be eating them.... I'll stick to the plain sea salt ones:)
I was extremely impressed with the single serve Pecan Pies. I expected a middle of the road product, thought I'd give them a try.<br />  The ratio of filling to crust thickness is perfect. Pie has a rich home baked flavor, and the size is wonderful. 2-Ounces is large enough to enjoy without ruining diet. It's satisfying without being overly sweet.<br />  I will be ordering more next month to give one to each guest to take home after Thanksgiving Dinner.
My father lives 3,000 miles from me, and I used to order a pecan pie from Swiss Colony and have it shipped to him for Christmas each year. But when the item was discontinued a few years ago, I had trouble finding another company that could deliver a delicious, homemade pie that was guaranteed to be fresh when it arrived.  I gave Nell Davis a shot last Christmas, and could not have been more pleased.  I missed the deadline to guarantee the order would arrive by Christmas, but sure enough, my father was quite surprised when he got not one, but six mini-pies on Christmas Eve morning. He said they were wonderful and he gobbled down all six in one sitting! I've definitely found my new holiday pie company, thank you Nell Davis!
OK this poor guy begged my daughter to make him my pecan pie and well she is a microwave girl! So for christmass what better way to a man than his stomach.  he now has pies he can pack in his lunch box.  They are sssooooo good.
They were packaged so perfect and OMG if there were 100 stars, I would give them 100 stars, they are out of this world.  The crust melts in you mouth and the filling is perfect and delicious and scrumptious, The filling is not chintzy yet not too sweet. I used to make them when I was a kid with my mother for Christmas but they never came out like these.  I bet there is not one comment that is less than 5. They taste just like they look. They are beyond delicious and I  allow myself one or two a day.  If you're hesitating about how good they are, one bite and you'll know yuuuuuuuuuuum!!!!!
Unfortunately I am completely disappointed with this product. I have an above-average sense of smell, but this extract has hardly any detectable flavor in the bottle and none whatsoever once added to food. Perhaps I received part of a faulty batch? The seller is letting me return the bottle, but is requiring that I pay for shipping again, so I would be very unlikely to order from them again.
Lacks the flavor I was hoping for and the price was a bit high for the satisfaction level.  I won't be ordering this again.  Live and learn.
We only like WHITE popcorn, and the only grocery store option where we live is Jolly Time, which is not bad.  For fun, we started ordering various white popcorns online, and THIS is BY FAR the VERY BEST white popcorn!!  Wish it were a little less expensive, but we've decided that it really is THAT much better than others.  We are now Snappy white popcorn snobs!  :)
Snappy White Popcorn is excellent.  It pops up nicely, and has a great texture. It is extremely fresh. As for taste it is 100 times better than the store brands. (IMO) Give it a try.
Although the kernels may not be as large and fluffy when popped, we really enjoyed our first pop. Has a great flavor and consistency.<br />We recommend using a hot air popper over a microwave. We had very few no-pops.
I've always bought yellow popcorn, but after reading the reviews for Snappy white I decided to give it a try. It's tender and delicious! I'll be ordering more, it's now my favorite popcorn.
I purchased a hot air popcorn popper because my kids love popcorn, and it's a healthy snack.<br /><br />I 'accidentally' ordered the white popcorn, having no idea what I was doing, and I have to say that no other popcorn compares. We went through the entire container. When I re-ordered, I decided to try the regular yellow popcorn, and it just wasn't the same. If I could describe the difference, I would say that yellow popcorn tastes 'stale' in comparison. The white popcorn tastes crisper and more fresh.<br /><br />As for the flavor, well, we use Kernel Seasons seasoning generously, so we don't taste much more than the cheddar cheese :)<br /><br />I'm considering giving the rest of this yellow popcorn tub away so I have an excuse to buy another tub of the white popcorn.<br /><br />For how we eat it, this popcorn is absolutely the best!<br /><br />NOTE: I also recommend the Misto oil spray. We use this and Kernel seasons as a healthy alternative to butter.
Just ate my first batch and it's as good as any white popcorn I have had. I encountered difficulty obtaining white popcorn from grocery stores and was reduced to eating the horrible yellow type. Luckily I decided to shop this site, and I could not be more pleased. You will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Next time I will order two four-pound jars plus the Snappy Popcorn White Cheddar Shaker, and get free shipping for a purchase over $25 - which is important because the shipping charges are significant.
Snappy's White Popcorn is perfect.  It's hulless, tiny, tender and crunchy when popped, and it always pops.  We keep it in the freezer so it's always fresh, and more importantly, ALWAYS HERE when we want some. As midwesterners, we know corn, okay?  And this is the best!
I tried thhis popcorn in a the Presto Poplite Air Popcorn machine.  the instructions were easy and the results were very gratifying.  I added sea salt and a little Olive oil.  The measuring container made 5 quarts.  I just  couldn't stop eating it.  Simply delicious.
This popcorn leaves very few old maids. It's fresh, so the kernels pop as bi as they should (unlike some other brands I've purchased). My only criticism is that there are lots of hulls. But of the three brands of popcorn I've recently bough for use in my microwave popcorn popper, it's the best.
I am on my second 4 lb canister of this.  The popcorn has a good yield, few unpopped kernals, similar to popcorn from the grocery store.  The popped kernals are larger than normal for most white popcorn.<br /><br />I have mild IBS and I find white popcorn is easier on my digestive track versus yellow (I think because the shells are thinner and softer), this popcorn follows the trend for me and I can consume popcorn every day when I am in a popcorn mood.
For my daughter's birthday I ordered her a Stir Crazy popcorn maker.  I was busy and knew I didn't have time to run to the grocery store.  I ordered the popcorn on line too.  We made the popcorn using organic coconut oil.  We were shocked to see almost every kernel popped.  1/2 cup and the popper was full.  The popcorn was big and fluffy.  The flavor was good.  The first time we put butter and salt on it.  The second time just salt and it was great!  We placed it in baggies and took it to the movies.  Okay - so maybe that sounds a bit cheap however our popcorn was fresh, tasty, and healthy as compared to the movie theater popcorn.
We are white popcorn enthusiasts, and were very pleased with this product.  Large, tender kernels of poped corn.  Used an electric, self stirring poper.  Worth the cost.
Snappy white popcorn is one of the best popcorn I have ever tried. Very tasty and most every kernel pops every time.
I was sick of Microwave popcorn so I ordered this, hoping it would take me back to the popcorn I loved in years past. That it did. Almost every kernel pops and with butter, I'm happy!<br />I get my  oil hot first and pop about a third of a cup of corn each time; it pops quickly.  Just be there to get it into a bowl as soon as the popping stops or it will burn.
I love this brand (I ordered 1st via Amazon). Great, fluffy corn, with very few un-popped kernels in my hot air popper. Didn't try the old-fashioned fry-pan method, but expect similar results. Definitely will buy again when needed.
VERY good popcorn!  I believe even better than Orville's brand.  A little on the expensive side but you do get a lot of popcorn.
I bought this with the Presto 04830 PowerPop Microwave Multi-Popper back in July and have been very, very pleased.  Almost no kernels left in the bottom and fluffy, large popcorn.  Getting ready to reorder so I thought I would pass it on.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005IBXK">Presto 04830 PowerPop Microwave Multi-Popper</a>
My sister turned me on to White Popcorn over yellow popcorn.<br /><br />She said it was more tender however did not pop as large.<br /><br />Guess she had some store bought stuff.<br /><br />I put the same amount in as Walley World yellow popcorn and it blew the lid off the pot!<br /><br />I'm a convert to this brand of white popcorn!
This popcorn pops up light, fluffy, and crunchy.  I have been using Orville Redenbacher White Popcorn, but this is slightly less expensive and very tasty and fresh.  My popcorn method is as follows:<br />Use a Westbend Stir Crazy 6 Qt. popper.  It is the best because it gets hot quickly without smoking or burning the corn.<br />Then use 2 Tablespoons of olive oil, Flavacol to taste (I use about a teaspoon).  Put the oil and Flavacol in the popper and plug it in.  Add approximately 3/4 cup of Snappy White Popcorn.  When the popping stops enjoy a large batch of great popcorn with very little fat, and what fat there is will be monosaturated.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004RC6R">West Bend 82306 Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004W8LT10">Gold Medal Prod. 2045 Flavacol Seasoning Popcorn Salt 35oz.</a>
We only like white popcorn and since it's hard to find in the grocery store it's great to order this.  It was yummy and plentiful!  Recommend!
Good: Big, crisp, snowy-white kernels with few duds. Pops quickly, 25% faster than name-brand yellow corn in the same microwave and popper.  Decent price and package size - enough to last awhile; not so much as to go stale before it runs out.<br /><br />Bad: Almost tasteless.  Butter and salt are not optional.<br /><br />Orville Redenbacher still leads the pack, but this stuff is pretty good and costs a LOT less.  Four stars; would have been five if it were even a little less bland.
I ordered several kinds of highly-rated popcorn from Amazon at one time.  I admit I was skeptical of some of the rave reviews.  Well the Snappy white popcorn arrived first so I tried it immediately.  I actually measured (I usually just eye-ball it) 3 T canola oil, 1/3 cup Snappy popcorn and 1/3 tsp Flavacol flavored salt.  I put the oil and Flavacol in my trusty Whirly-pop popper and swirled to distribute the Flavacol.  I then added the popcorn.  It popped REALLY quickly, snowy white and fluffy.  It was divine.  Tender, not greasy or chewy and so flavorful.  I will update this post when I try the other brands I ordered to let you know how it stacks up.  Oh, and I had ONE kernel that didn't pop!
This is the wondeful white popcorn we ate in Iowa years ago! I am so glad to find it. And what a great price too!<br />I got it today and popped some right away. I used the microwave popcorn bowl I bought from Amazon, put a tablespoonful of extra virgin olive oil and two tablespoonsful of the popcorn in the bowl.<br />I placed the bowl, with lid on, in the MW and turned it on for 1 minute and then pushed the popcorn button to pop it.<br />After moving the popped corn to another bowl I shook the shaker with the popcorn seasoning several times and oh what a delicious hulless treat! The hulls seem to have vanished during the popping. I felt nor found any.<br />AND ALL OF THE ITEMS I USED, INCLUDING THE MICROWAVE, I BOUGHT FROM AMAZON.
This is great popcorn!!!  I just purchased a second batch.  I never had a problem w/a ton of kernels left in my air popper or many hulls.  As long as this is being produced and sold I will be a buyer!<br /><br />The only con I have is that the only seal on the canister is a small piece of tape on the lid/canister.  I was surprised to not see some type of freshness seal like you would see on a ketchup bottle.  Surprisingly though I had no issues with humidity effecting the corn (maybe because I'm in a dryer climate?).
I ordered this popping corn after being disappointed with the local big box store selection-two brands.  One of them tasted chalky like styrofoam and its claim was larger popped kernels.  No taste.<br /><br />I mainly use this popcorn with one of those plastic microwave popping bowls.  I noticed that 1/3 cup yields more cooked popcorn than two other brands I have tried.  It kept on popping after my usual 2 minute and 20 second routine.  When using microwave poppers, you tend to get some burnt kernels if you extend the cooking time for maximum popped corn.  The snappy burnt kernels didn't taste as bad as other brands.<br /><br />This white popcorn tasted great with canola oil and even better when popped with coconut oil.
This is the best white popcorn yet! I've tried the others sold on Amazon & there's no comparison. It was fluffy & flavorful & almost every kernel popped!(how often can you say that?) I've already ordered more so I won't run out.
Good product.  Almost all the popcorn pops up fluffy and snow white.  With our air popper, great snack with few calories.  Taste great!
All of the positive reviews led me to believe this popcorn was going to be really great. Truth is, I am disappointed. The popcorn kernels are tough, chewy and lack any great corn taste. I want popcorn that snaps when you bite into it.  I will go back to buying the premium Orville Redenbacher's brand at my local grocery.
So far I'm not impressed with this popcorn. It's tender when popped, but it's really annoying how much doesn't pop. I'm going to add a little water and then let it sit, closed up, for a while and see if that helps. As of right now, I wouldn't buy this popcorn again.
These are supposed to be cherry and brandy filled chocolates. If they contain brandy, it is too subtle for me to detect. A clue to the cause may be the stickiness of the package and the cracks in the candies. It appears they were mistreated at some point and may have leaked. But the box they came in shows no damage. A friend speculated that airline decompression burst them. Maybe, but other imported chocolates don't suffer this problem.<br /><br />I should also mention that the chocolate tastes a little bit dusty on the outside.<br /><br />I can't really recommend these Laroshell candies. There are other brands which are quite good.
If you enjoy a rich flavored cheddar cheese with a bite of horseradish, I would give this a try. It was a instant party favorite when I brought this and crackers to friends house.  I would recommend this to anyone!
I enjoyed the dry roasted part, but the Onion-Garlic combination was a little overwhelming for me.  I thought that they would be a little more "toasted" than they were.  The flavor was more of an after taste and my wife shied away from my kisses after I ate them -- bummer!  I am looking for something else.
Love these Soy Nuts, especially the garlic and onion blend!!!!  Perfect for taking to a party or just snacking on while on the go.  Been happy with every product from Truson.
The onion garlic soy nuts are my favorite.  They add a great hit of flavor to salads, and the added bonus is they're good for you.
I like the onion garlic flavor.  It really tastes good, very fresh and it is much healthier for you than other non organic soy nuts. I like to add them to my salads instead of croutons.
This is a very good gingerbread mix. Lots of flavor and easy to make. It's probably a bit overpriced but I was having alot of difficulty finding any gingerbread mix in the grocery store. I use this mix to make gingerbread muffins with diced pears and dried cranberries. I'll purchase another six boxes when I run out of mix. A good buy and good product.
This packaging is awesome - my main annoyance with regular Jolly Ranchers is that if you keep them in your pocket, they will melt and stick to the wrapper and eventually stick to your pocket. Not delicious. This packaging completely fixes all that - it's the size of a pack of gum, and the candies don't stick to anything!<br /><br />Clearly not the healthiest thing to eat, but if you're on your feet all day long and often find yourself without a meal for 8+hours, these could be a convenient quick fix for when you start to feel all weird and wobbly and hypoglycemic.<br /><br />Totally no nutrition in these, but they are GREAT for when you need a bit of glucose boost.
These crackers are made from whole flax seeds so they aren't like your usual chip or cracker.  Some people I've shared them with don't care for them at all, but some loved them.  I am on a raw food diet, and I use them as chips to eat with guacamole or or other raw dips.  Raw meals sometimes take a lot of advance preparation and when you're really hungry, these will fill you up fast!  Just make sure you drink a lot of water and don't eat too many at once.  I personally liked all the flavors.  The onion was just a bit strong for some, but I thought it was ok.  Will definitely be buying again.
LOVE them!! I love knowing how much better this is for me than potato chips or typical crackers. I am focused on eating nutrient dense food and am avoiding putting into my mouth non-food items for entertainment only. I love crunchy foods and this is great. The flavors are all good except don't like the sweet maple and cinn. flavor as much.<br />My family doesnt like them because they are not evolved yet, immature taste buds is all I can say at this point. Start your babies off early and you won't have to erase habits of eating NON food for fun.
I got these because I'm on a low-carb, high-fat diet and was wanting something high-fiber that also packed a bunch of omega 3s. These fit the bill pretty perfectly! The flavors aren't all winners, but they're all really strongly flavored which is fantastic for a crispy snack. I like the flavors of these more than I like the flavors of potato chips, honestly.<br /><br />They don't strike me as slimy when you chew them, but your mileage may vary - I mean, yeah, the texture is a bit odd (imagine chewing a bunch of sesame seeds, similar kind of texture) and they do get stuck in your teeth, but hey - that's flax seeds for you. If you don't like (or tolerate) the texture of flaxseeds, there's nothing these crackers can really do for you.<br /><br />The flavors: My favorite is the Mexican flavor, hands-down. A close second is the hemp (rosemary! nom nom!) and the cinnamon maple (higher-carb, but only barely. Really cinnamony). I'm not really a fan of the onion garlic and italian... I love garlic, but it's just too much. The original flavor is icky, it just tastes like soy sauce and flax. Meh. I like soy sauce, but it's not really an ideal flavor for crackers! If you like Japanese rice crackers you might like that flavor.<br /><br />I think the cinnamon maple would probably be a fantastic flavor to spread nut butters on (chocolate almond butter, almond butter, peanut butter, whatever).
These crackers are incredible. Healthy and tasty - you can't go wrong. The Italian and Mexican Harvest are my favorites. The cinnamon are great for breakfast with yogurt. Buying the six pack allowed me to taste all to see which ones I would order again.
I do like the idea of these crackers for gluten free eating, but I can't bring myself to enjoy them. I bought the 6-pack variety and have tried the Maple Cinnamon and the Onion Garlic. I generally like flax, but these just aren't setting well with me even when I use them as a carrier for dips. I feel I wasted my money. I'll probably give the unopened packs to a friend's family that are gluten free.
The flavors are really good but the crackers get a bit slimy as you chew them. If that doesn't bother you, then they're a great low-carb snack.
I loved the Foods Alive garlic and onion flavor flax crackers.  When I finished my entire order of 6 bags, I decided to try the Mustard flavor since I love all mustards on almost everything.  Well...I just finished my first bag of it last night and it's ok - Organic, Crisp & fresh for sure.  But doesn't compare to the strong & powerful garlic & onion flavor.  Maybe the mustard is too mild on my palate.  But I just thought the flavor was too bland for my taste.<br /><br />If you like a mild mustard & always wanted to try organic flax crackers made with pure ingredients & no fillers or chemicals, then this flavor is for you and I would recommend that you try it.
Nuttzo makes great nut butters. Their chocolate version is like Nutella should be--less sugar and other crap. Delicious and super-nutritious.
I bought a bottle of tapatio hot sauce for my friend to have it shipped over to her in the east coast. The order said it'd take 5 business days. It ended up taking over 3 weeks
I love this tea and have no complaints!!!  I just want to comment on how the tea is packaged.  It comes loose in little plastic baggies so if you want to use it you have to have some sort of filter.  We have an iced tea maker and used a cone coffee filter which works just fine.  I did buy a 2 inch tea ball but the loose tea just falls right through it so I guess I didn't buy the right thing.
Some people mentioned the loose tea is difficult to filter.<br /><br />USE A FRENCH PRESS made for coffee is a good option - dilute concentrate to desire strength. My favorite flavors are: Mango and Passion Fruit.
My whole family is addicted to this tea.  We make it in our Mr. Coffee Iced Tea Maker - it's fabulous!
We are big fans of the Passion Fruit Tea but wanted to try something different. I like all of the flavors but the blackberry is my fave for a change of pace, still got to have the passion fruit as the go to tea though. Everyone raves about how good this stuff is. I can't make enough.
Many food establishments serve Chna Mista tea and I love<br />the flavor, I was happy to be able to purchase it on Amazon.<br />I make it my iced tea maker it's so easy and has a great<br />taste with less caffeine. Try it you will love it too.
Decent every-day loose-leaf tea. The China Mist brand is good, the only downside is some of the tea is pulverized too fine, so there is sediment in the tea. I recommend letting the tea settle before serving. China Mist is not extremely high-quality, just a nice every-day tea that tastes fine. The sample pack gives you a chance to try some variety, and it lasts a while.
This is a dual review, as it has to be.  The first part covers the delicious, needs-nothing-else China Mist iced tea varieties included in this box.  Each of 24 packets contains four ounces of the world's choicest tea leaves, with stellar flavorings mixed in (dried, crushed mango; dried, crushed passion fruit; dried, crushed raspberry; pure, strong tea).<br /><br />My first experience with it was at a restaurant where our daughter works.  She said, Order the iced tea, Dad, you won't need to put any sugar or lemon or anything into it (always looking out for my diabetes).  It was fantastic, nearly the highlight of my meal, which itself was outstanding.  I asked the manager if he could share the tea secret:  Well, we use the industry's best, China Mist!  Everybody says it's the best they've had!  Indeed.<br /><br />The flavor was, if you'll pardon me, complex and could be rated as you would a nice wine--action, hints of this or that, a new rush at the end of your taste cycle.  It made me think what I'd been missing; this tasted like what the British must drink, the full-bodied teas they enjoy.  Apparently Americans add as much extra water to our tea as we do to our coffee (What the French hear when we order a java over there:  I'll have coffee, with a cup of water on top).<br /><br />The second part of the review concerns our Hamilton Beach iced tea machine.  We add the recommend water and ice cubes, and the brewing cycle indeed does take only 10 minutes.  The tea is already ice cold.  It may be the difference between a home-level heat limit, or maybe the fact that the water is not "pressured" over the tea as much as it might be in a commercial machine, or maybe the commercial machines are much better insulated around the steeping container.  Our Hamilton Beach unit made a weaker tea than I would have liked; we'll reduce the amount of water from now on and see what that does.  In fairness, the Bamilton Beach Iced Tea make was $22.49; commercial models are $600 or more, but they brew their stronger teas in only 8 (versus 10) minutes.  A wildly expensive two minutes.
I purchased this product mainly to try out the different flavors of tea. When I find the flavor I like I will probably buy a case of it. China mist tea taste great. As for those who have problems with tea leaves getting in the tea don't worry. I went to the local supermarket (HEB in Texas) and found empty tea bags in a box for about $5.They work great. Fill with tea and fold top and staple.
You know I really do love this product. I wish I could give the tea 5 stars because it really does brew up a very pleasant tasting iced tea that needs little sugar or other embellishments. The problem is it's loose and when you  are trying to make a big jug of it with two packets of tea it is a huge mess to strain. And ordinary double mesh strainer is not fine enough. I don't have coffee strainers in the house so I had to line a mess strainer with paper towels and it took forever to strain. But when I strained it with just my mesh strainer there was a ton of tea in the jug. I wish the variety pack came pre-bagged like the smaller boxes of tea do.
I bought this item thinking it might be equivilent to Starbucks or Davinci Hazelnut syrup but it's not. At first it tastes like Hazelnut then you get the flavor of cheap pancake syrup followed by an aftertaste that can best be described as tasting stale. The price is only slightly better than what I can get the Davinci Brand at Sam's club but the quality is far lower in my opinion. For hazelnut fans I suggest avoiding this particular brand.
I'm sorry I bought this brand. It leaves a lousy after taste in your mouth.No wonder Amazon is giving .99cent shipping on this item. STAY AWAY!!! AVOID!!!!
The flavor of Big Train Hazelnut is not significant. One has to add a lot to have a flavor impact. Of the three Big Train flavors I purchased (including Vanilla and Irish Creme), Hazelnut is the least satisfactory. (Vanilla's a little better; Irish Creme is best--I gave that one 4 stars).
I use this syrup in tea, coffee and over cut up fruit and ice cream.I buy unflavored creamer and add this to it. Much cheaper alternative to pre-flavored coffee creamer.
I love cheese in general. I've had lots of European cheeses, and this one is OUTSTANDING.<br /><br />The texture is a bit hard, not creamy as French cheeses; and the flavor is full and rich. Great to serve with some bread and of course, some wine. It is great with salads as well, you won't need any dressing since the cheese is enough a good flavor enhancer by itself.<br /><br />I have shared it with many guests and they ALL love it. It's not salty like Cheddar and smoked cheeses, it's more of a refined goat-milky flavor.<br /><br />It's always a Success!
So i had this cheese on my mind ever since trying it at a restaurant in SF.  This was one of those things that i though when Im bored and want to burn money on shipping i would order.  Is it worth it?  Yes if you are a cheese fan,  goes great with any wine).  Not so much if you are being curious.
Your guess is as good as mine regarding what Festival means when they claim that their canned shiitake slices are "Fresh Pack."  On a separate subject:  Unlike MW Polar brand of canned sliced shiitake, Festival brand does not add sesame oil, which would make the mushrooms taste better but at the expense of adding unwanted calories from the "bad" polyunsaturated fatty acid, linoleic acid (omega-6), which is the only kind of polyunsaturated fat contained in sesame oil.
I tried this at first as a gluten-free alternative to cream of mushroom soup.  Turns out its really good!  Modified my MILs swedish meatballs recipe using this sauce as the base.  Also served it with shitakes over rice.  Very versatile and tasty! And its great that the ingredients don't read like an industrial compound.
I seem to have entered my green tea "wave".<br />After years of only black tea, then white, oolong and green tea, I have discovered the loose fruit flavored green tea mixes sold by Teavana, which are delightful. Teavana makes tea drinking a pleasure with all the available accoutrements and utensils.<br /><br />This green tea mix is flavored with apple pieces, hibiscus flowers, rosehip peels, blackberries, and blackberry flavoring, raspberries, plum pieces, cactus blossoms and spearmint and is called Blackberry Mojito.<br /><br />Fruitmixes are nothing new in the tea world, but Teavana's product is most fresh in the vacuum sealed pouches and has a wonderfully delicious fruity fragrance. However as an infusion, I found its slight astringent tartness somewhat objectionable, which most likely stems from the rosehips peel. Perhaps other people prefer this. If compared to the Lipton fruit flavored green and white tea bags, which are available now, and look like little pyramids, I have to say that I do prefer their taste, but as a potpourri Blackberry Mojito is the winner.
I made the 10 bean soup with a few modifications.  I added carrots, onions, celery, and potatoes.  However, I did not have to adjust the seasoning.  This is not a bland soup.  Excellent!  I also gave Women's Bean soups, dips, and salsas to my extended family for Christmas.  Everyone loved the gift- it simplified my shopping, and I felt like I was helping those who really need the help.
Last night they predicted an ice storm and I was going to have the day off for MLK, so I knew that this was the day to make soup.  This one is excellent!  My only addition to the recipe was a ham bone and about a cup of rice.  It made a great, satisfying supper.  Pat
I did not purchase this but received it as a Christmas gift.  It was wonderful!  My husband actually made the soup.  He followed the directions, added some ham and it was soup!  He did say that the beans seemed to get done quicker that he thought.  He would not presoak them as suggested.  It's a great gift that not only gives to the recipient but helps women in need as well.  I would highly recommend it and will be purchasing some myself!
If there is one good thing about a cold Winter's day it is hot soup. The Women's Bean Project provided me with one of the best and it is good for me too. How often can we do something that is good for us and so enjoyable at the same time?<br />I have told all of my friends about it and I hope they will, in turn,spread the word so that the women of the Bean Project are kept busy and prosper.
This soup has fantastic flavor. I did not add the canned tomatoes but I did add all the extra vegetables in the my fridge.
This coffee tastes pretty good, and I like the fact that it's organic (coffee has one of he highest rates of pesticides).  However, each time I use Subscribe & Save, unfortunately, the price seems to get raised substantially a few weeks later, which is why I had to cancel my subscription to this.
Hooray for an all natural sweetner! Say goodbye to sugar and chemical based sweetners and get your hands on this stevia!
My father-in-law bought some for me to try. Love it! Very sweet. NO aftertaste. Wonderful all-natural sweetener. My new choice, replacing all those other artificial packets I used to use.
I bought this vinegar along with 2 others for my father for Christmas. I wish they could have all been shipped together, but they went separately. Good vinegar though.
When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce, my dogs loved it. After a few weeks, they don't seem to care too much for it anymore. They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while, and will eventually eat it when they are hungry, but they don't consider it to be a treat anymore. I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced, and low calorie. One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it. They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains. I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce, buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining. VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins, so if your must have some sort of gravy, I recommend VitaGravy a bit more. Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog. This creates a "gravy" like texture and aroma that most dogs love. Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues, but a great free solution for picky eaters.
MY wife had some white balsamic from a store in Boston and loved it. So, I figured I'd get her some for Xmas; but I couldn't get to Boston! This product and seller gave me a good alternative. It is a fantastic product and she loves it. We use it with lemon or other infused olive oils on salad or what have you. NICE!
Very disappointed, not much pumpkin or spice, just pretty close to plain old coffee.  I was hoping for something like they have at Tim Horton's but its not even close.
Excellent product. Exactly what they said it would be. Superior chamomile from what I have ordered before from other companies. Excellent value for the price.
I am not a coffee purist...but I am addicted.  I've dabbled in the flavorings & coffee-wannabe's, and this is by far my favorite.  I usually put 1 teaspoonful of instant coffee with three regular spoonfuls of Vanilla Caramel Latte, just so I have an extra afternoon shot of energy.  Extra bonus - when you pour the hot water over the mixture, it hisses & purrs :)
Though it's hardly real coffee, my wife loves this stuff.  She says it's like having hot caramel ice cream in a cup.  Amazon's 4-pk price is much better than store price...if it can be found in a store.
Nice and smooth. Hopefully, GF or Maxwell will not discontinue this flavor like they have my other two. They losing my business!
Love this flavor!  I make mine with vanilla soy milk and 1% milk.  Very nice!  Almost like a dessert!
This is so soothing, smooth, & rich! Love this as my afternoon treat! GF does have a history of discontinuing great favors, I hope this one sticks around. (Kahlua, White Chocolate to name a couple!)
We have a little shih tzu who absolutely loves Cesar Softies dog treats.  We have tried different flavors, but she seems to enjoy the Grilled Chicken Flavor the most.  They are soft enough to break in half, and that is more than enough to satisfy a little dog's yearning for a reward.
I HAVE SO MUCH FUN WATCHING MY PUPPIES ASKING FOR THIS CHICKEN TREATS. THEY GO CRAZY WHEN I SHOW THEM THE BLUE PACKAGE. THESE TREATS ARE SMALL, EASY TO EAT AND DOES NOT HAVE A BAD SMELL. I RECOMMEND IT, YOUR PUPPIES WILL BE HAPPY.
I used this treat as training reward and my dog loves it. easy to break into smaller pieces. will buy again
My Westie - like the picture on the package - loves these treats!  They are the perfect size for a treat or reward and even look cute...we call them<br />"puppy paws" treats!  Good texture - no mess!  Smell not attractive to humans - but good to a dog!
The price is very good compared to any retail outlet available to me.  Came in a simple plastic bag, which I plopped in the freezer.  We can pull out a bag, and have fresh treats for our little guy who so richly deserves and loves them.
My dogs love the Cesar's softies.  Get best price from this site.  The dog's are a bit picky about their treats and this one is great!  Thanks.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003DIIZ9O">Cesar Softies Grilled Chicken Flavor Dog Treat, 6.7-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a><br />My two little Dachshund boys are giving these treats 5 stars.<br />After their evening walk they head straight for the pantry and impatiently wait for me to open the door so that they may have their treats (2 each) as a reward for being good.
I HAVE A COTON DE TULEAR...I KNOW...WHAT IS THAT??? THEY'RE FROM MADAGASCAR...QUITE BEAUTIFUL,.VERY SPOILED (OF COURSE) & VERY FINICKY...HE JUST LOVES THESE TREATS
This is The best dog food their is because everything is very. Digestible and when the dog does digest it all digested because they use all the nutrition from it. So it is healther and the best out their far as I'm think
I've used Natures Logic Dog Food for about a year.  The difference in my dogs is impressive.  Their coats are like silk.  What a wonderful product!
This brand of coffee is excellent; you can really taste the flavors unlike many store bought flavored coffees I have tried. I like the individual packets as they stay fresh longer and I just use what I need out of the packet so it lasts a long time. I would highly recommend this coffee; it's worth the price!!!
Highly recommend this brand of coffee for the beginner and seasoned coffee drinker. I dont know how they do it, but these pre-packaged sacks can actually make 2 pots of 8-cup coffee. The flavor is slightly bold, but smooth as ever. I actually dont even like to use cream or sugar with this flavor. You can taste the flavors of butter, rum, coconut right in the cup. Smells incredible as its brewing. However, I personally use a coffee press and the flavor comes through even stronger!! Again, highly recommended, no cons, you will definitely enjoy this over the $6 tourist coffee. Plus this saves you money. TRY IT TRY IT TRY IT!!!<br /><br />P.S. I also highly recommend the Almond Amaretto, Caramel Kiss, and Butter Pecan. ENJOY!
I hate flavored coffee, unless it is flavored with dark rum!  This coffee is awesome.  I got a variety pack of these potful packs and there were ony 3 of 20 that I liked.  This is the only one I reordered.
If you like flavored coffee this is one  you must try.<br />Rich taste but not strong.<br />Smells wonderful. So good you will want to stay home and SIP on it all day.
Jamacian me crazy is sooo good. My husband who normally adds cream to disguise the bitterness drinks it without cream . Let my mom and cousin try it and they too love it!  Definitely worth trying.
This is the best marinade to inject in a Fried Turkey EVER made!  You don't have to add anything of your own (maybe a little olive oil, but that's all).  Plus there is a shaker mix you can buy to sprinkle on the top of the turkey, BUT this marinade can be injected to make a tender, juicy fried turkey.  We LOVED it!
If you have tried pumpkin seeds in the past chances are they have been heavily salted, seasoned and deprived of most nutritional value...or had the taste and consistency of styrofoam. Fortunately, neither description applies to these. They are indeed raw but removed from the hull for easy eating. No added salt or other nuisance chemicals - just delicious and nutritious snack. Mix with raisins and/or sunflower seeds for a healthy snack rich in zinc/other vital nutrition or use with breads, cereals and flavor for your favorite recipe.
Red mill's pumkin seeds are simply the best! Other seeds or "pepitas" don't come even close. Red mill's seeds are crunchy and very tasty. They are product of the U.S., not China like most pepitas. Well worth the price!
Usually, healthy food is hard to swallow. Not these, fresh, crunchy, delicious pumpkin seeds. I switched from potato chips and my wife tells me they are good for the prostate. What do I know? I'm taking her word for it.
I grind these seeds up in a coffee grinder & give them to my dogs.  They are a natural dewormer, & add good fiber to their diet.  We've sauteed them with some seasonings in a pan & the kids will eat them, they taste similar to sunflower seeds.  You can also put them in the oven, or eat them raw.  The seeds are good quality, you do have to either freeze or refrigerate them to keep them fresh.  Pretty expensive though..
I only ever had pumpkin seeds before in cereal, in small amounts.  These are great; just add them to Bob's granola, or yogurt; even just plain by the handful, they are great.
Love Bob's Redmill the best of the best. Pay a little more than the other guys but all american and employee owned!!! Pumpking seeds are high on the calorie chart so just a teaspoon at a time!!
These raw shelled pumpkin seed kernels actually have a slight pumpkin flavor which I assume indicates that they are fresh, unlike the store bought (H-E-B) raw kernels that were pretty bland. They are also extremely nutritious: high in iron, protein and fiber. Actually, pumpkin seed kernels have four times the iron and about 25% more protein than beef per 100 gram. The price produces somewhat of a sticker shock, though, at over seven bucks per pound; however, considering all of the fiber and nutrients, I believe they are well worth the price. Bob's Red Mill has the nutrition facts displayed on his web site. I highly recommend these pumpkin kernels because they taste great and, as you can from the facts below, are at the top of the nutrition chart.<br /><br />USDA nutrition content, Seeds, pumpkin and squash seed kernels, dried<br />Protein 33.97%<br />Fiber, total dietary 15.79%<br />Folate, food 18.13%<br />Niacin 41.56%<br />Vitamin B-6 10.21%<br />Riboflavin 13.91%<br />Thiamin 27.30%<br />Vitamin C, total ascorbic acid 2.53%<br />Vitamin A, RAE 0.16%<br />Vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol) 18.17%<br />Calcium, Ca 5.75%<br />Iron, Fe 147.00%<br />Phosphorus, P 212.59%<br />Magnesium, Mg 169.14%<br />Copper, Cu 0.19%<br />Selenium, Se 20.89%<br />Zinc, Zn 83.09%
These are not only one of the few pumpkin seeds grown in the USA . They are great and  fresh every time.
This product is great tasting! I was eating the pepitas at half the price due to not finding USA made pumpkin seeds. The pepitas tasted bitter and were much larger.  I hope Red Mill continues to make their pumpkin seeds in the USA. It's worth the higher price for excellent quality and supporting local USA companies.
because these are more expensive than some of the other brands. I decided to order since they had great reviews and are a product of the USA. I'm sure glad I did because these are delicious! My whole family likes them straight out of the package. We've not yet taken the time to roast them.
I sprinkle these on Oat Groats or just grab a handful and munch.  I transferred the contents of the package to a ziplock once I opened it and keep it in the freezer to ensure freshness.
I had never tried Bob's Red Mill pumpkin seeds although I have used and been very happy with many of their other products. I was looking for pumpkin seeds from pumpkins grown in the USA. Most of the organic seeds are from China. The Bob's Red Mill seeds are from pumpkins grown in Oregon.<br /><br />I took the plunge and ordered 4 bags of these seeds, and they arrived in less than 48 hours.<br />Four sealed bags were also in a sealed Bob's Red Mill box and then packaged in a larger amazon box.<br /><br />I just opened one bag of the seeds to try them. They are WAY better than what I was getting at my local whole food store in bulk. These seeds are chewy as they should be and not hard or stale with any off-taste.<br />These have a slight pumpkin taste, which they should have. This variety of seed is rounder and flatter than some of the other pumpkin seed varieties I've had, which I like (no pointy ends to stab me as I'm munching them down).<br />All in all, a great buy!<br /><br />Seeds = 5 stars<br />Grown in the USA = 5 stars<br />Total = 10 stars!
i liked the idea theses were from the U.S.A.  and loved the taste and quality..i will buy more..they are a great source of iron.. and i take them with me everywhere i go for a healthy bit to eat...
Lot of pumpkin seeds in this box of 4 packages. Fresh quality product & 24 oz packages made this box a good investment & easy to share with friends & family! Far less expensive than buying these seeds at the grocery store!
The ones I received were mostly yellowish in color with some light green instead of dark green, dry and somewhat stale, they may have been in a warehouse longer that they should have!
If you are a man this is the best you can do for your health, eat Pumpkin Seeds.  Bob's Red Mill has the best grown here in the good old USA.  The others are from China, enough said.
I like these so well that I signed up for the subscription rate where they mail you automatically every month or so - your choice.<br /><br />We eat a lot of these, but I've not roasted them yet. Most nuts taste better roasted, so why not?  Looking forward to it.
The pumpkin seeds I received from the Bob's Red Mill company were stale and contained a lot of small seed fragments.
These came fresh, and sprout well for me. I am very pleased with them. They make a tasty and nutritious addition to our salads. As usual, Amazon delivery and postage was great with the super saving shipping option.
They are raw so I put them on a cookie shhet no spray and dry roast them at 350 for 7 to 9 min. Then they have a roasted flavor without any of the oils.Cankeep in freezer to keep fresh.VEry yummy. Great on salads.
Just excellent product !!!!. I would buy it again. It is better than I was expecting. I do not have any complain about it.
These Pumpkin Seeds are the quality I have grown to expect from Bob's products. This is the best price I have been able to find on pumpkin seeds and enjoy them on a daily basis, especially in the morning with oatmeal.
Researched a lot on internet before buying these.. great price, great taste... completly happy with my purchase... although a bit expensive, but a quality product does comes with a price tag !!!!
I have only eaten the raw and they were as expected.  I'll be roasting some up this weekend but I'm always happy with Bob's products.  A+ company.
Bobs Red Mill Pumkin Seeds came to me in a great box..and inside the box well packaged and extremly secure shelled seeds.<br /><br />I cannot say enough about the quality of the packaging--a really nice thing for me--because it takes some time for me to finish them all--and they stay fresh and secure because of the special care taken in the packaging.<br /><br />The quality of the seeds themselves is very good. They are uniform in appearance...well shaped...appetizing..and healty looking.<br /><br />The price here is totally right for those of us that need more closer to a bulk level of foods. These came in a multipack carton.<br /><br />These are not only items by Bob Red Mills --there are many--and if grains and nuts and seeds are in your diet..your childrens diet or even your pets diet.....then I cannot recommend this line enough to you--for fresh ....healthy eating !<br /><br />Try them !
Recently, I was gifted the Ice Cream of the Month Club by a very good friend. I was somewhat confused thinking "how the heck can their be an ice cream of the month club?" But, with having given and received numerous "of the month clubs" and having all great experiences in the past, I was curious to see what they had put together here. Needless to say, WHAT A FANTASTIC SURPRISE! The 4 boutique frozen deserts arrived packaged in dry ice and were completely frozen. My girlfriend and I were pretty enthusiastic to dive in and try them all, but took a step back to read the companies review on each of the vendors and brands. We decided that we would begin with the "Berto's Gelato - Roasted Banana True Italian Artisan Gelato." After a single bite, my girlfriend declared that it might be the best gelato she has ever had, and proceeded to eat most of it while we watched TV. The best description she give as she devoured the gelato was saying it was like having "velvet wrapping around your body." The additional flavors included in our shipment were Gilles Sherbet Swirl, Cedar Crest Elephant Tracks Ice Cream, and Oberweis Cookie Dough Classic. Each of the selections were very delicious and from companies I have never heard of. I highly recommend this club to any person looking to give or get an array of tasty desserts that you'll want to find more of once you're done!
I ordered the 6 month ice cream of the month club for my wife's birthday.  She received her first shipment today and none of the 4 ice creams that were sent matched the sheet they included explaining the ice creams (you could have bought several of the ice creams, such as butter pecan or mint chocolate chip, in your local grocery store).  When I called the 800 number I was told that occasionally they reserve the right to change the ice cream if it doesn't "meet their quality" guidelines.  When I told her none of the four ice creams that we received matched the overview sheet from amazingclubs, the customer service rep was rude and told me that I needed to call back and talk to someone in their "support group" (note: you must call before 6:00 PM EST to speak to someone in this group). I would seriously caution you to shell out more than $300 for this club.
I use this in all my recipes calling for brown sugar.  As per the INSTRUCTIONS ON THE PACKAGE, use ONE-HALF the amount called for in the recipe. If the recipe states ONE CUP of brown sugar, you use ONLY ONE-HALF cup of Splenda Brown Sugar Blend. I am not a diabetic but I do have many family members who are and this is a great substitute for "real" brown sugar, even though it does contain part Splenda and part "real" brown sugar.
The only difference I can see between using this blend and using brown sugar is that you don't get the usual "sugar rush" when you eat the result.  Cookies and pies made with this Splenda blend - which does contain some sugar - taste the exactly the same as they did before.  Great stuff!  And it's gluten-free too.
There is nothing better than a huge baked sweet potato with (real) butter and Splenda Brown Sugar totally covering the butter and sweet potato, makes me want to fix one right now!
I love this product. Now that the holidaze are falling apon us and I am a diabetic it's nice to be able to have treats that I can eat, and not feel deprived. This is a great brown sugar sub. it is the best I have tasted it works like regular brn sugar. so if your on a diet or diabetic like me your prayers have been answered.
I use this on my oatmeal every morning.  I can't tell the difference between this and brown sugar.  No 'after taste'.
First, I just found out it calls for HALF the Amount of Splenda Blend compared to regular brown sugar by reading these reviews.  In spite of that, I still give it an excellent score!<br /><br />I've always used brown sugars of all kinds in my coffee.  When at the store a few weeks ago I was looking for a lower calorie sweetener for my coffee and happened to buy this Splenda brown sugar blend.  I've been using it in my coffee since and love it.  The only difference I could tell was it was so much sweeter than my usual coffee that when I got close to the bottom of the cup I would pour more coffee into it to stretch the sweetness.  Now I know why...it's twice as sweet as regular brown sugar!<br /><br />Just ordered the 4-pack and this should tide me over for a while - adding it to teas and coffees...delicious! It's also cheaper on Amazon xoxox
Splenda contains real sugar, you have to pay attention to the word 'blend' in the title. Yes, diabetics can eat it because it's only half (or less) the blood sugar elevating agent of the same volume of 'real' sugar. It's also why it tastes like 'real' sugar and can be cooked unlike some sugar sustitutes. A lot of non-sucrose-based sweetners are destroyed by heat.<br /><br />What I've found with this Splenda brown sugar is, even though it's bulked up so that it's supposed to be equivalent in volume to all-sucrose, it's really very, very sweet so I do not substitute it 1:1 for sugar. I use much less than I would real sugar.
It has been mentioned that you only use HALF the Splenda blend than regular brown sugar, which is very cool. The only problem I have run into is when I need brown sugar for volume (making a crust for my rhubarb crunch), half does not work, so I end up using regular brown sugar (rather than double Splenda). Other than that it works like a charm and you can hardly taste the difference!
This is a most excellent sugar substitute for those who watch their sugar intake.<br /><br />BUT!!! (and this is important because one does tend to follow recipes to a fault) you must use half as much as the recipe calls for, which btw, does not work as well as you'd hope.  It's just not nearly as sweet cup for cup.<br /><br />I make that up using extra Splenda white because I use brown sugar for it's sweetness as well as the molasses flavor.  This is why I will only give it four stars....because they COULD make it cup for cup by doing what I do and adding more Splenda white so a baker could follow their recipe and not give it a second thought.  Heaven knows they're charging enough for it.<br /><br />I'm sure you know this:  Brown sugar is unrefined or molasses sugar.  You can make your own brown sugar by adding 1 tablespoon unsulfured molasses to 1 cup cane sugar and mixing it with a fork. It comes out nice and fluffy and you can control how much caramel flavor it has.  (and how much extra sugar too)<br /><br />Splenda brown sugar blend as it is, is a very coarsely granulated Splenda, a little coarser than Splenda white.  So the texture is better than what you might mix up on your own.  So for convenience, you can't beat Splenda brown sugar blend.  The Splenda brand is superior (in my opinion) to the store brands that are popping up but YMMV, and your store might have a really good version.<br /><br />Still...and this accounts for a very good four stars you can always count on Splenda, for texture, for flavor and consistency.  When you bake, that counts for a lot in my book.
This taste just like brown sugar with less sugar.<br />I use this for everything , that requires sugar (baking ,est..) I use less of this than is required, like if it says use 1/2 cup I use 1/3 of splenda brown sugar.
My morning breakfast:<br /><br />A six-ounce container of Fage 2% plain Greek Yogurt, mixed with a sliced banana and 3 or 4 sliced strawberries.  Add a teaspoon of Splenda Brown Sugar Blend, and it's nicely sweetened, and a healthy way for me to start my day.  I started this breakfast routine over a year ago, and haven't grown tired of it.  It was suggested at a Weight Watchers meeting as a very "low points" breakfast.  It has easily become my "standard" for breakfast...so much so that I will bring a bag of Splenda with me on vacations, in case I have trouble finding it at the store.  (I also openly admit that perhaps I'm too hung up on this routine.  But it's so satisfying in the morning that I don't care.)<br /><br />I haven't personally ever cooked with this brown sugar blend, but as a topping on my yogurt or a baked sweet potato, it's been great!
This mix of Splenda and sugar works pretty  well for me. A teaspoon of it is enough for a large cup of coffee, and it tastes like a real brown sugar.
I just love this. Even on my diet I can have hot & yummy oameal...It is satisfing & without that rich brown sugar flavor its just not the same taste...Love it!!!
I've been using this to cook with for over a year.  Never had a problem with it.  Love it!
Love this substitute for brown sugar.  Always stays moist and no one can tell that I am using it, instead of regular brown sugar.
I have used this in my baking with the regular splenda and it works great! Always trying to cut calories with out loosing flavor. Works great in my muffins with just a touch of sugar.
Baking for my husband (with type 2 diabetes) just go easier.<br />I can adapt regular receipes. I use only half the amount of sugar called for a Bam! they turn out great. The 4 pack is a great buy too!
This is simply a mix of brown sugar and Splenda, I am sure it would be cheaper to make your own
If you are looking to cut out some cal and want a great taste then go with this. I keep getting it sent to me every 6 months. Love it!!
I purchased this item to bake some low carb cookies for a diabetic friend.  This works well for that, however, I did find that there is another brown sugar alternative that is calorie free.  Both options worked well in the cookies.
I am still undecided if this is a sugar free option. I know it is mixed with real brown sugar and therefore it has the drawbacks for people who tries to stir clear away from sugar. As far as the taste it is just like brown sugar and it works very good in all baking endeavors, which was the principal reason for the purchase. It does have sugar but I have not been able to determine how and if is detrimental to those who prefer not to partake in using sugar. I mostly use ezsweet that has 0 everything but needed to use some kind of sugar so I bought this. Perhaps it deserves a higher rating and also there is the chance it might deserve 3 Stars instead of 4. Still, it is a better option than most items out there in the free world so that is why I allocated 4 Stars. Hope this helps and wish all who read this the most wonderful and invigorating holidays, starting with Thanksgiving all the way to the New Year. 4 Stars for Splenda Brown Sugar Blend 16-Ounce Packages (Pack of 4), which by the way it ended being in quantity much more than I had bargained for but what can you do? Unless in the future amazon would allow to split orders such as this with other deserving amazon customers. Imagine that!
I made the mistake of thinking that this product was simply Brown sugar flavored Splenda. I didn't read the product details stating that it actually has brown sugar in it.. My mistake...
Who ever is making French's Potato Sticks,Keep it up! They are the best! French's should have keep them in their line.Mike
Oh My - these are going on my list to re-order! They are absoultely DELCIOUS! Actually like them a lot better than the Oreos with cream in the middle. Crispy, crunchy, low cal cookie (if you can eat only 1 bag, that is). Packs a powerful chocolate punch - for a low cal snack. Satisfies my chocolate craving without the guilt. [Actually choose these over the Lorna Doone thins any day - more flavorful & satisfying]. Have to stop myself from ripping open a 2nd pkg.
My 10 month old son has been a fan of Yummy Spoonfuls from his first bite. The Garden Medley flavor is a new favorite. The puree is thick and almost creamy, perfect for a baby who likes his food to have texture. He's always happy when I bring a cup of this to his tray!
These are not black winter truffles (Tuber melanosporum).  I thought the price was too good to be true, (even though they aren't fresh), and it is.  These are Tuber indicums.  It says so right on the label.<br /><br />I was very angry about this, but JR Mushrooms has said they will refund me for the truffles and even let me keep them.  So I give JR credit for excellent  responsiveness and customer service, although I still feel they should not be labeled "black winter truffles".
if every seller was like JR mushrooms the world would be a much better place. They wont stop until there customer is completly satisfied. I ordered some winter black truffles from them and got my package lightning fast but came to find out that it wasnt what i ordered. I called JR and they said they sent better quality black truffles that cost more for the same price and this story doesnt end they even sent a jar of the original truffles i ordered just so i can taste the diffrence FOR FREE!!!!!!!!! Name another seller that would do that.
Finally - a company that cares about it's reputation and products!  I ordered these truffles and recieved them securely packaged and protected to ensure they arrived safely and as quickly as possible.  I am even planning a special dinner with friends entirely based around the truffles I ordered as I was so please with them.<br /><br />  I also saw the other products this company carries - the attention to detail and the information provided on each and every product is outstanding - just like their quality (i.e.: Saffron).  I have found my gourmet source from now on!
True story: I surfed online looking for difficult and expensive to find gourmet ingredients when I came across this listing.  Every review raved about the excellent service provided by JR Mushrooms.  I phoned them to ask a question about refrigeration vs shelf storage and got a voice-mail.  I left a message and five minutes later the man himself personally called and gave me friendly and professional answers to my questions.  I ordered these truffles and several other items.  The next morning there was a little personal e-mail from JR thanking me for the order and by noon the order had arrived, although I chose the cheapest shipping.  THIS is the best customer service I have ever experienced with on-line shopping.  Thanks!
First package was lost in the mail, but JR shipped a backup at no charge with 24 hour shipment!!!!
Not only are the truffles excellent, but the package arrived in record speed with standard shipping chosen.  We are very pleased with our truffles and with our experience with this company.  We will be ordering from them again!
I though this product lack flavor as I taste different brands far better.<br />There were no real flavor as I expected. Sorry
Had no taste and after the heat of the dish it was on turned them to a leathery tecture. Better off buying the high price truffles.
We tried these and they were bland and had no redeeming qualities. We sauteed them slightly and also tried them as is shaved. The price as some have mentioned reflects what you get for truffles.  Spend your money on white truffle oil you'll be much happier, we are.  Also wait for the white truffles to come in from Italy, I would not knock JR as a company but would not recommend this offering.
There was absolutly no scent or flavor to this.When I brought home truffles from Aosta in Italy they were wonderful and cost less. These were worthless.
i ordered this in the past and was extremely disappointed. they are unlike truffles that i know of. they were hard like a huge seed, had no truffle aroma. i threw all contents out. will never order them again
This is not what one should expect from a black truffle, but we are not paying the price for a winter truffle. It is cheap, but there is a reason for that: there is no taste and no smell at all. I was disappointed when I tried this truffle, but I realized that the price was that for a reason. At least it can be used to add a colour to your dish.
I should have listened to the negative reviews, but hoped that the positive reviews would ring more true. There was veery little truffle flavor that got entirely lost in the risotto I made. I agree with the other reviewers in that this was woody and flavorless. Not worth even this price for truffles.
Little lesson on TRUFFLES...<br />Truffles graded "Extra" are larger than most, the second highest in truffle quality. Best when used at the conclusion of the cooking process, to release all their aroma and perfume. Chefs suggest to slice or shave thinly over pastas, risottos and omelets. Whole -entire truffles- are marked "brushed" (which means they have been cleaned of any soil or dirt), preserved in brine or truffle juice -which can be discarded or use to flavor sauced or broths -and are ready to use.<br /><br />Preserved truffles are a nice, budget-friendly way to add VISUAL truffle appeal to dishes. However, if you are looking to add the pungent aroma and taste of truffles to your dish, chefs recommend that you explore fresh truffle selections. Jarred or canned truffles, sold by vendors, are mere shadows of their fresh truffle selves and will not, by themselves, deliver the aroma or flavor of fresh truffles. They are great to use with truffle oil - the oil will add the flavor, the preserved truffles the truffle "look", but preserved truffles should be used only to garnish a dish, or in conjunction to truffle butter and oil during those times when fresh truffles are out of season or when the budget doesn't allow for the real thing.<br />NOTE: Preserved truffles out of the jar or can have almost NO FLAVOR or odor. If you are looking for the true flavor of a fresh truffle, then please go to seek fresh truffle pages online and purchase a fresh truffle. If you're looking to add a truffle LOOK only to your dish, then this is the product for you.<br /><br />Better to buy real truffle oil & experiment, for example "JR Mushrooms & Specialties" on Amazon, is a good start--about 10 dollars is low commitment that is in line with a superior bottle of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO).
I was very excited about this purchase until I tried this truffle.<br />These were horrible.  Maybe I got the worst bottle they have ever sold and I just happened to get them.  But, these are bad.  If you want to eat the root of a dirty old root of a tree, you will enjoy these.  If you doubt my credibility of my review, please feel free to read my other reviews.  Please don't waste your money.  My wife tried these and couldn't even believe these could be called truffles.
Zero stars for this item.  I couldn't even confirm that the wrinkled little animal-offal sort of thing is a truffle.  This lacks any aromatic attraction at all.  I'd be afraid to put it in anything I planned to eat for fear it would ruin the entire item.<br /><br />As for the famous JR service, my complaints about this product have been ignored.
I am the biggest fan of mushrooms you'll ever meet, but these are really disgusting. They taste like dirt. I have to imagine better quality truffles (if these are even truffles at all) are muuuuch better. They'd have to be. There'd be no comparison. These are really bad.
I gave this item as a gift and the recipient has not yet made the dish for which I gave it to her (a Foie Gras dish). But I must say this price for a French truffle is amazing. I suspect most of us do not have the palates to appreciate the $300 truffles. Good for those of you who do. But for the rest of us, this is a good choice.<br />Linda Morse
This review is mostly about the seller.  They are great!  The product arrived within 2 days, with standard shipping.<br /><br />I have never had black truffles before.  They have a very earthy, smoky flavor that really emerges when lightly sauteed in butter.  They are an expensive, pleasant, treat.
This is our second time using your black winter truffles....they are truly delicious. We throw them in with pasta and truffle oil to have the world's best dish...reminds of our stay in Tuscany. This is a quality product and we plan on buying again in the near future.
Recieved the truffles in one day shipping the customer service is over the top...I opened the jar and enjoyed the aroma, I will shop with them again
These truffles are not as great as they are made up to be. I thought for the price they would have a greater taste, but they didn't have much taste at all. They are not worth the price, but had to find out for myself. I will not be buying truffles again, and I'm not going to spend over $10 for a fresh one.
Tying to find a tea that didn't have that bitter taste was difficult; and the cost of teas is not cheap anymore.  I was trying many of the healing teas, but they had stevia added to them and I could not get past the taste of that.  This tea is not bitter, and has a very nice smooth flavor.  I have had it both hot and cold.  I do feel that I am energized after drinking it, but it is not a jittery hyper feeling; it is more of an awake and alert feeling mentally and refreshed energized physical feeling.  Some reviewers state it has a sweet taste to it but I do not get that.  While I do not often add my 1/2 packet of sugar in the raw to it perhaps that is what they mean; that you do not have to add sugar to it.  I have replaced my second cup of coffee in the morning with this tea and I even have another cup throughout the day instead of coffee.  Excellent taste and an all around great product.
As a long time Yerba Mate and Coffee drinker, Runa's Traditional Guayusa has switched me over permanently!  The super smooth and sweet flavor to this "tea" gives it the same drinkability of any other stimulant based drink, but with the lasting power and complexity as any high end tea.<br /><br />Drink up!
I was introduced to Runa guayusa about 6 months ago and I have been drinking it pretty consistently since then. It is a great alternative to coffee, which tends to make me nervous. The taste is mild and almost a little sweet, also it doesn't get bitter like green tea or yerba mate when steeped for too long.<br /><br />Also Runa's business model makes me feel good about drinking this tea, they are a certified B Corp and they do great work with the farmers in the Amazon.<br /><br />I highly recommend you try it!
I usually don't drink tea because it doesn't have the caffeine kick I'm looking for, but guayusa tea has almost as much caffeine as a cup of coffee. And unlike coffee, it doesn't need to be drowned in cream and sugar to taste good and doesn't have any of the other unpleasant side effects. I usually add about half a spoonful of sugar per cup, which is enough to pleasantly complement the natural flavor. Now if only Starbucks would start carrying guayusa...
As a tea-junkie, Runa's traditional guayusa offers a simple, agreeable taste that's not like any other tea I've had. I used to swear by matcha green tea, but Runa is a superior alternative in that it's super-cheap, more energizing, much easier to swallow, and offers just as many health benefits.<br /><br /> Also, if you look into it, Runa's doing some great things on the side of social entrepreneurship and rainforest conservation. I highly suggest reading into it-- it'll make you love the product even more.
You'd be surprised how much Runa Tea can help you in your daily life. Thirsty or not, Hot or cold, this tea can help you in many ways. As a college student studying to be an entrepreneur, I can't just take prescribed drugs all the time to keep my attention span up. Instead, I turn to caffeine all day every day. Runa Tea has been one of the few products that have really caused me to feel refreshed as if I was just hydrated after a run, as well as feeling focused as if I were ready to write a 10 page paper from scratch. I don't know what it is, but it just makes you feel good in every way. Personally, I love the cold tea- but as a consumer everyone needs to find their niche, as I am a huge hot tea drinker and chose the cold version- Either way, same thing.  You need to try it. And then try and contradict our 5 star opinions! :)
Clean taste and clean energy.<br /><br />Packaging is attractive, simple, and elegant as well.<br /><br />Sustainable sourcing and organic cert round out the whole package.<br /><br />Overall nice product.
As much of a tea fanatic as I consider myself, I'd never heard of guayasa before running into the Runa brand. Now that I have, I could see myself buying it over and over again! It has a full-bodied flavor without the bitter aftertaste of some black teas. It's earthy without being heavy-handed or overpowering, completely unique from any other tea I've tasted. You won't find tea like this anywhere else. And though the product speaks for itself, the business model of this brand doesn't hurt: Runa buys guayusa directly from local farmers in Ecuador at fair-trade prices. Try it! It's worth every cent :)
I watched a YouTube video on guayusa tea, and heard very good things about it there and on the amazon reviews as welll so I thought I would give it a try. Money well spent! This tea is smooth and easy to drink, and is absolutely delicious with sugar and honey.<br />Another awesome thing about this tea is the dreams you get. My mother hasn't had a lucid dream in years, and I offered this tea to her one day, and that night she had three vivid lucid dreams! She was so thrilled she bought two more boxes of the Runa guayusa tea. I am so satisfied with this product, and would definitely recommend to anyone who needs some steady energy, focus, and vivid dreams. :)
I saw an ad for Runa guayusa in Mother Jones magazine and because it is a Fair Trade item and described as less bitter than tea, I thought I'd give it a try.<br /><br />It is exactly as advertised - no bitterness, just a little hint of sweetness, and a nice gentle flavor.  Very easy drinking, and it does give a kick of caffeine energy.  I have been a Diet Pepsi / Diet Coke drinker for 25 years because I like their tastes and the caffeine (never could do coffee and tea is too bitter), but I have recently converted to being a bicycle commuter for work and needed to ditch the heavy soda drinks.  This guayusa is perfect - as tea bags, it is obviously lighter than hauling around sodas, and it has more caffeine too.  Better for me, too.  And no bitterness like tea or coffee.  And I'm supporting fair trade small farmers in Ecuador instead of giant soda companies.  The packaging is 100% recycled, 70% post-consumer.<br /><br />This guayusa is as good as advertised, I like drinking it, and I can't think of any negatives.  5 stars.  I'm glad I found this product, it is worth the price.
Talk about a versatile new product. Drink it hot on a winter morning, drink it iced on a summer afternoon, mix it with your favorite coctail, add it to a marinade, combine it with your your best herbs- I love it all! It's smooth and almost silky texture and lack of tannins make it great for anything. How has it taken so long to make it to the states!
love the snack.  wanted to buy a bunch.<p>shipping at amazon is more than the price of the snack.  try ordering a dozen and then look at the shipping price.<p>every link i've tried to this snack takes you back to amazon's exhorbitant shipping rates.<p>another reason to buy your books at overstock.com.  too back they don't carry food as well.
This is the worst flavored coffee I have ever tried.  There is no aroma or flavor of Chocolate/Raspberry to this coffee bean at all.  In fact the coffee tastes sour.  I too am sorry I couldn't buy just 1 lb. to try it first -- Now I am stuck with this awful coffee I cannot return.  SO, BUYER BEWARE -- NO RETURNS!
I like some of Coffee Bean Direct coffees, but I cannot stand the taste of this one, and no one else in the house likes it either. I wish I could of bought it in a smaller package, rather than the 5 lb bag that cost over $30. I do not recommend this product to anyone, but everybody has their own taste, and some people may like it.
Wow this Chocolate Raspberry flavored coffee is the absolute best we have ever had and I can honestly say we have tried quite a few in our time. And of course the price can't be beat unless you find someone who wants to sell you some that "fell" off the back of some delivery truck.
I was surprised how much raspberry flavor the coffee has.  The coffee has a nice aroma and a suddal chocolate flavor.  I will get this flavor again.
We really enjoy this coffee. We recommend to store it in an airtight container after opening to maintain it's full flavor. We enjoy it as an evening coffee.
This coffee is my favorite.  I usually don't like the taste of coffee and can't tell the difference between brands, but this stuff tastes different and good.  My only complaint is that Amazon raised the price recently from 29.70 to 34.42.  I still bought it again at the higher price but if it goes any higher I probably won't.
Nice small nutritious biscuit. Nice pocket size. Resealable pouch is a plus as well. Will order more in the future.
My cairn, Jack, and westie, Mojo, both love the lamb what we refer to as "doggie cookie bones."<br />They're finally accepting the need to go out onto our five scrub acres to relieve themselves<br />with help of the Pro Plan Biscuits with Real Lamb as a reward.  We use the small ones as Jack<br />tends to overeat and Mojo weighs less than 20 lbs. This one item added to their daily menu has<br />made a huge difference in our household, reducing the "mama's not happy" time to about zilch!
I am so happy to have found a wonderful decaf tea for myself and guests. This tea is nice and full flavored and has a very smooth finish. I usually use the K-cup twice on xl setting and the tea remains true and delicious. The price is the best i have found anywhere
Twinings English Breakfast Decaffeinated Tea was exactly what I was looking for.  I loved the English Breakfast tea but needed to find a decaf version.  The taste is great, the price is right, and I'm sold!
Great tasting tea - in fact, much better then the bags of same. I'm an Decaf Irish Breakfast tea drinker but can't find that in K-Cups.  English Breakfast in K-cups tastes great!!
I have been drinking Twining's tea for years.  It used to be made in England but now they have a plant in North Carolina for the American trade.  The tea is excellent. I drink the decaf for health reasons and find that it is as tasty as the regular tea.
This is a pretty good cup of tea. I just wish PG Tips made pods for the Keurig brewer.  Maybe eventually!
i just purchased a kurig and this was one of the first k cups i bought i still use it  but if it was decaf would be better than id rate it five starts
Please don't tell me this is going to be a "seasonal" find only!!!  I made the pink lemonade cake with the pink lemonade frosting for July 4th and it was such a big hit!!!  The blend of lemon, sweet, and pink are just right!!!  When I went back to get more mixes they had been relegated to the "Seasonal Clearance" section -- and I could only find 2 cake mixes and no more frosting.  = (  It's definitely a year round keeper -- I'm thinking granddaughter birthday parties, ballet recital parties, pinkalicious parties!!!
I made the pink lemonade cake mix and used this frosting to frost it for Mother's day, and it was a huge success. My mother, who doesn't normally like cake really enjoyed this. I thought it had just the right blend of tangy and sweet. I hope this flavor sticks around, because it was really good!
Pink Lemonade is one of my all time favorite drinks, so when I saw Pilsbury had this beautifully pink "Pink Lemonade" frosting, I had to get it. I paired it with their "Pink Lemonade" cake mix.<br /><br />I think I died and went to pink lemonade heaven! Actual lemon flavoring gives this just a hint of tartness, while the sweetness drives you mad! The gorgeous pink color says "Easter" and "Spring"!<br /><br />Perfect for dessert for the family, or the ladies tea.<br /><br />I highly recommend this yummy frosting! [Try it with the cake mix too!]
This is my favorite of all the choices of coffee for the new Vue. I don't like strong-tasting coffee - I prefer Dunkin Donuts over Starbucks. Until they come out with a Dunkin Donuts vue pack, this light roast is perfect for me.
This is an awful coffee. The flavor is extremely weak and tastes more like a lemon grass tea than coffee.
I have recently purchased the Vue by Kurig and I must say my initial impressions are very positive. The new design provides a better cup of coffee. Having used Green Mountain Nantucket Breakfast Blend before, I was presented with a very good cup of coffee. It is actually stronger and better flavored than the original. The brewing system must contribute to the difference. If you like medium roast coffee as your morning "wake me up" than you should give this a try assuming you are going to use it in the new Vue machine.
I was very happy with the way this turned out. It is very similar to traditional American beers(Bud/Coors) but with an extra kick. The flavor is very smooth, has a creamy head and ends with a slight bitternes. This is a great beer to start with for new brewers and veterans alike. If you are to anxious to wait for it to age, you can drink it after 2 weeks. It will taste good, but get better with age. Make sure to put it in the fridge after it carbonates. Lager ages and taste best when in colder conditions.
I brewed this kit first as it was the one that came with the brewery kit. I followed the instructions exactly. NOTE: If you don't follow the instructions exactly you are opening up opportunity for problems. I brewed for about 7 days. I then bottled and let condition for 2 weeks at room temperature. I then put the beer in the fridge. I tried two bottles the next day. The taste was OK, but it was very flat. I then put more bottles in the fridge and let them sit for 2 weeks. I tried one of these after the two weeks and it was great. The carbonation was perfect and the taste improved even more. Definitely give the beer time to condition. You will be glad you did.
makes a nice lager that's quite a bit heavier than the domestic lager beers. I don't plan on making any more, but has more to do with my love of dark ales than the quality/flavor of this kit.
I have been brewing this beer off and on for the past five years along with many others. When it comes time to pour a glass it has never let me down. Even without using lagering methods it always develops into a a tasty drink.
I got my husband a brew kit from Coopers for his birthday. The Lager is the only beer he's tried to brew, but he says it's very easy and it tastes good. It tastes best if you only let it ferment in the bottles for a week. We're definitely going to try other flavors.
This is a good brew for the time and expense involved. That being said, the longer you ferment and bottle condition, the better it will be. I thought I had drank all of my batch when I discovered two additional bottles tucked away. They were the best and they had sat for a good three months. Give it time. If you follow the included directions you will get closer to six gallons vs the five in the Amazon description. Additionally, the included directions state to use sugar. Obviously DME/LME will work better, but you can still use plain old old sugar(I've used brown sugar and avoided any "cider" like finish).  If you order the "full kit" it comes with carbonation drops and a dextrose adjunct. Save yourself the money, get this kit, use sugar and bottle condition forever...
I love using the Cooper's OS lager can as a base for making various pale ales. Since it has bittering only,I can add different hops & DME's to it to make light to dark amber ales. It's easy to get consistent results with. Especially when re-hydrating the yeast in 1.5C luke warm water to which 2tsp of dextrose has been added.<br />It's a good product for experimenting for the beginner & experienced home brewer alike.
These almond rice pops are a very healthy snack.  17 cubes are 2 points in weight watchers and you feel like you are cheating. They are oven baked, all natural and extremely tasty.  Biggest problem is they are very hard to find. Almond Pops with Blueberry used to be sold at Costco but no longer. Can't find those anywhere<br />I order often and in volume because my friends all like them too so I share my orders with them<br />Expensive snack but well worth it
I bought a bag of the blueberry version of this snack at Costco recently (well not just one bag.. i went back and got four!) They are really really good. Not too sweet, gluten free, vegan and all natural ingredients. At Costco they were $6.99. I was googling it to see if i could find the other flavors listed on the back of the package - cranberry and pineapple mango - and this listing came up. $18.25 is the current price listed. I mean this product is good, but not THAT good. I wonder if the price listed is a typo.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00769ZSVO">180 Snacks Almond Pops With Cranberries 17 oz Value Bag</a><br /><br />I have Celiac Disease, and while shopping I picked up a bag of these snacks because they are gluten free. So YUMMY, I had to have more and found them on Amazon and ordered 3 bags.I will be saving them for our trip south for the winter. They are absolutely the best!!
I just discovered this addiction at TJMaxx!!!  I paid $7.99 (kind of pricy) but when I opened the bag and tasted them for the first time....OMG!  I could'nt believe it!  I can not put the bag down!  You can't eat just one...I have to stop myself from eating so many.  I have googled the website and they are down for construction until October 1st.  My only hope is when they open up the site that they will sell these at a reasonable price and not be outrageously priced like ebay and others!  I like them but I'm not paying over $7.99 for them!  Anywho....Give these little snacks a try!  They taste great and most of all Healthy!
These are delicious and addictive.  They are touted as "healthy"  but I didn't see anything particularly healthy in the nutritional list.  But they aren't unhealthy, which is good enough for me.  The best thing about them?  Costco is carrying them now.  Can't vouch for next month.
Yeah these are very tastely and healthy, but the price here is ridculously high at $18.  Not sure I understand why since Amazon is just referring you to 180snacks.com, where you can't find the Almond Pops, but you can buy them!  So, if you search Almond Pops with Blueberries at Google it will take you to the 180 site and you can add them to your cart!  I e-mailed them and they said their site is under contruction.  I'm about to try and order from them directly.  Hope it works out since it's hard to find tasty and healthy snacks.
Ssssssssssssssh don't tell anybody!!!  More for me!  These are the best snacks ever and I am excited about them because my daughter plays softball and we have snack rotation... guess what they will be getting? Also for the kids little league, healthy, crunchy and satisfying, just what the little guys need!
The 180 Snacks Almond Pops with blueberries are the best. I love the bite sized pieces. The flavor is fantastic. Very crunchy, not too sweet, nutty and fruit flavored at the same time. The perfect healty snack.
Love the taste of this product, really keeps you full with just a small amount.  First bought it at Costco, they no longer sell this product.  The reason for the two stars, half the bag was crushed, could eat it with a spoon.
Check out the nutritional info, the SODIUM: 5,510 grams! 230% of your daily requirement. I used this and our casserole was ruined because it was so salty!!!!!! And what's up with that price? My box cost a dollar. Unfortunately I bought two boxes, so I'm throwing the other box away. No bargain here. It is wildly UN-delicious and UN-healthy for you!<br />(Yeah, I'm embarrassed that I didn't read the label first!)
Looking for a more nutritious snack? Ever wish that your favorite buttery popcorn was just a little better for you? The answer is here. Grandpa Po's Orginals, innovative snack made from organic soybeans,comes in Slightly Unsalted and Slightly Spicy.<br /><br /> Our family & friends love this terrifc snack. What a bonus that it is also organic and good for us! I can eat the whole bag all by myself & have! Our 4 kids & their friends love them too. We have been requested to only bring Grandpa Po's Nutra Nuts for our snack turn at Girl Scouts, Confrimation, and for the tennis team. We have been so lucky to have been able to enjoy them for years! Thank you! Betsy from NJ
SO CRUNCHIE GOOD!  HEALTHY ~ AND THE KIDS LOVE EM!  WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT IN A SNACK.  (BESIDES A 12-STEP PROGRAM TO STOP EATING THEM.)  THEY'RE FANTASTIC!!!
Grandpa Po's is the best snack ever!  Driving around in LA, I so often find myself stuck in traffic just when my blood sugar starts to drop.  Add the stress of being late to my next appointment and I'm a basket case!  Grandpa Po's is the perfect snack to take on the road.  Not too salty or sweet, they  satisfy that need to nosh without feeling gross. I even feel fortified!  Plus they come in this nifty zip-lock bag that keeps them fresh even if I leave them in my car for a couple of days.  I never want to be caught in traffic without them!
Grandpa Po's Originals are crunchy nuggets made from organic popcorn and organic soybeans. The healthy snack offers the benefits of soy without genetically modified organisms, cholesterol, peanuts or preservatives. In addition, the snack is low in saturated fat and it tastes great.
If you are looking for absolutely guilt-free snacking, keep looking.... However, if you are craving a snack: crunchy, salty, buttery satisfaction, minus the preservatives and unhealthy ingredients of normal snack foods, Grandpa Po's is the way to go!  It is the closest you'll get to guilt free snacking that wasn't found in the fruit/veg aisle in the supermarket.  4 simple ingredients make this crunchy popcorn soybean snack extremely satisfying and "not-so-naughty" when compared to the million other snack foods out there, not to mention the many unpronounceable "mystery" ingredients included in them - not the things you want to put in your body.  For my destination wedding, I brought a few cases of Nutra Nuts to put in my guests' welcome bags.  Well, no one even mentioned all the other local gourmet treats that were in the bags -the Grandpa Po's were the hit!  Everyone was walking around w/ their Grandpa Po's Originals pouch in hand: "these things are GREAT!"  Clever packaging allows you to reseal and keep them fresh for the next urge to snack - although usually not necessary for this customer!
I've tried every one of this line of products and I have to say, I'm blown away by just how satisfying they all are. Not too much, not too little, every recipe falls within my personal taste parameters, as well as everyone I know who has tried 'em, for that matter.  The ratio of carbs to protein, the low sodium, etc., makes this a VERY attractive snack to me because I'm diabetic.  It's why I'm compelled to write a review. It's REALLY hard satisfying some of the cravings a diabetic gets. We LOVE our carbs, but it's SO hard finding low-carb snacks that give the same satisfaction as, say, a loaf of bread, or crunchy sweets, etc. The Grandpa Po line literally saves my a** because too often I "cheat" on stuff that drives up my blood glucose, and that is VERY bad. So, a handful of this stuff LITERALLY is a benefit to my health. Fellow diabetics, TAKE NOTE!
Indoors, outdoors, wherever you go - Grandpa Po's Originals provide families with a fun, tasty anytime treat! They're perfect for playing; they're super for school lunches...& serious snacking, too!
I LOVE this snack!! I ordered one case and since have ordered about 25!!  They are just salty enough to satisfy your cravings, just spicy enough to give you a little kick, and just sweet enough to stop you from grabbing that candy bar...I can't think of a better, more healthy, satisfying snack food - you have GOT TO TRY THEM!!  Trust me, you will not be disappointed!!<br />[...]
Grandpa Po's Originals scored big on our party's fun factor. These half-baked nuggets of organic popcorn blended with dry-roasted soybeans were a surprise hit with both kids and adults. Our young nibblers approached this snack with a quizzical, "what is this? caution. But once tasted, the bowl was quickly emptied and our partygoers were eager for a refill. Grandpa Po's come in Slightly Unsalted and Slightly Spicy.
"The Crunchy Popcorn Snack with Soybeans" that Grandpa Po has created makes us want to meet the ol' man and give him a pat on the back! While we are questioning the slogan on the package "Better Than Food" - there is, however, no questioning this recipe for a great tasting, healthy snack. The mix of organic popcorn and organic soybeans makes a great alternative snack food and we love the re-sealable pouch. With just the right proportion of soybeans to popcorn this product comes from a company that celebrates food. Hooray!
Outstanding!  DElicious!  What on earth are these things? Simple. They're a yummy mix of nuggets made from organic popcorn and organic dry roasted soybeans. They're so delicious your head may actually explode once you taste them. Slightly Unsalted, but majorly addictive, these crunchy snacks are good for you.
I love snacks and Grandpa Po's Originals are a great snack to satisfy a hunger craving. They are crunchy and have great flavor. It's hard to stop eating the whole bag in one sitting!
We have always loved this snack.  Each time we seem to enjoy it a little bit more.  My daughter is a huge fan of it and is so glad that we can grab it and go.  It's a nutritious snack that satisfies all the tastebuds.  Some of us have even tried the slightly spicy brand.  Having both flavors allows us to satisfy those who like spicy and those who don't with the same snack...thus no arguments between the kids!
If anything can actually be better than food, this snack certainly fits the bill.  You gotta try them.  They're tasty, crunchy and just plan corney.  Like the "bottom of the pot" kernels we used to fight over as kids, these kernels fit the bill.  However, we no longer have to fight over them cause the bag is full of them!  Great job in creating these things.  Now excuse me as I nibble on some more.
These are a great grab and go snack that satisfy.  I love pop corn but don't eat it that much because my husband hates my breath while I am eating it at the movies, so I take Grandpa Po's Originals instead and he keeps hogging the bag!  I know soy beans are healthy for you and this is the only way I enjoy to eat them.  I love these!!!
Grandpa Po's Originals are my students' favorite prize for the classroom. Our school district has banned junk food for incentives for kids so Grandpa Po's is a perfect fit. The kids get a bag when they complete all of their assignments for the month. They love the snack and they work hard to get all their work done. Their parents love the reward too and many students come back to buy more to take home to the family. Thanks, Grandpa Po for your "better than food" snack!
Been munching on these for now 10 or so years. Can't believe I didn't write a review earlier! Basically these are your healthier, organic alternative to regular popcorns. You might be surprised by its much firmer texture (than popcorn) at first, but go through a couple, and if you're like me, you'll appreciate the quality crunch and just the right balance of sea salt! I was hooked so fast, I was just chugging the ziplock bag into my mouth for a mouthful of tasty treat, and no, didn't need to reseal the pouch! The spicy version is just as good - it isn't that spicy (it's "slightly spicy") and highly addictive. Try both and you will not go back to those greasy popcorns! Yay for Grandpa Po's!
Great for the munchies or when you just need something to snack on.  I love popcorn so this was just what the doctor ordered. Just perfect for me.
This is a very good snack and good for you. Price was good. Shipping not bad, but good for distance.
I tried this snack because it looked healthy, so I didn't expect it to be too great. I was wrong --- it is very very good! I'll buy more when my supply runs low.<br />John D
These are really good!  I find Grandpa Po's Originals to be filling and delicious, and since they're technically whole grain, they are way better to have in the house than Doritos.
Granda Po's are the perfect snack when you crave something crunchy and delicious.  They are also very healthy so you can enjoy them guilt-free.  I love all the flavors.  My son begs me for them, so now he's a fan too.  I even shipped them to my brother's platoon in Iraq.  Everyone loved them!
I bought some of this. Creates an awesome effect on decorated cakes and candies. Love it! Completely edible.<br /><br />But WAYYY overpriced on Amazon. Usually Amazon is cheaper than buying in stores but these are only $4 at any craft store so $15 is SEVERELY overpriced.
It's awesome.  The dust gave my cake pops a great sparkle to it.  I used White and purple candy melts.  I would recommend this to anyone.
The product was okay but the color was very different than advertised.  It was a darker pink, not red at all.<br /><br />I tried to use it a couple different ways, and as a relative beginner, I did not find the product easy to use.<br /><br />I tried mixing in with a little vanilla extract in order to "paint" it on (I had read this was the best way to do it).  I found that the painting was very streaked and not very consistent.  Maybe someone more experienced will be able to use it more effectively.  In the end, because the red color was important for the cake, I mixed it with red food coloring instead of vanilla extract.  the pearl dust used this way had just a little impact on the color, not a great deal.<br /><br />In the end, I would have experimented more on the best way to use it if the color had been more red.  But as was, I didn't find it super useful and will be unlikely to purchase again.  I hope that other people have a better experience as I very much like the idea of the product.
My daughter loves painting this stuff on cake pops. It add just a little color if painted on dry but the color is more vibrant if mixed with extract and painted on.
we enljoy having Loumidis greek coffee every day.Iam an expert making the coffee. When my mother in law was alive she wanted to have greek coffee every day at four in the afternoon, so kept the trantition
Not as tasty as some of the others out there, but for the bulk, I'd pay again.
I highly recommend these candies, they are that best! They are really good for the price. They come individually wraped which is nice, the colors are direrent from picture, they are bright colors which I love, because I can give it to girls and boys! They are also Oriental Traiding Brand and in their website, they have really good reviews for this item just look on their website an look for this item #5/923, I can not be more happy, the kids loves them!
I pass around favorable endorsements very seldom but this is one of those occasions.<br /><br />I'm almost 69 and this bacon would be as almost identical to the bacon I ate if it were a bit saltier and had the rind left on.<br /><br />If you want the old time southern bacon without all the salt and the rind, this is it.<br /><br />I'll admit I do salt the bacon just a tad before I fry it.<br /><br />This is good stuff if you appreciate great bacon.
The product was fair, not as "country" as I would like, but better than you find in a grocery store.
Cant make corn tortillas or tamales without masa harina. These folks ship their product in sturdy boxes. Great for making a long journey overseas.
It's cornflour, period.  But, ground as only Masa is to make a good corn tortilla. It has great flavor.  Tortillas can be a real pain in the fanny to make.  Too many people worry about how it doesnt look like a commercial tortilla...but, I'll bet you that crooked as it is..it will leave Tia Rosa in the dust.  The hardest part is getting the mix right.  After that all you need is a rolling pin and two pieces of wax paper.  Make a few and you will get the hang.<br /><br />You really don't need a tortilla press.  What you really need is practice.
Corn flour isn't treated with lime.  Treating corn flour with lime gives it a fairly distinct bitter aftertaste and a more dense construction.  Chocolate chip cookies made with masa harina, which tastes like the tortillas it's meant for? Little bitter bricks with chocolate chips.  eek.<br /><br />(I wish it were corn flour.  As of this writing, none of the major mills in the Americas--that means North and South--make gluten-free corn flour.  Not even Bob's Red Mill is, anymore, bless them for having the integrity to say so--although I hear you can order it from someplace in Canada.)<br /><br />*This is where we cut to the clueless Texas Roadrunner face.*<br /><br />This is masa harina, sorry guys.
these make a good and very filling lunch with a little bit of lemon juice squeezed over them.
With cayenne pepper, it is about the quantity you get for a price and I believe I got a very very good bargain.  Doesn't happen often, but it is so nice when it does.<br /><br />Thanks
Yes, there are higher HU products but this is exactly what is advertised.  I use this to make a tincture to reduce high blood pressure.  Comment if you want more info.
good product and fast delivery with follow up.<br />90k is very hot and I'm drinking it 3 time a day :)<br />Will buy again.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001M0Z3O">Cayenne Pepper - Ground, 90,000 hu 1 lbs</a><br />This is good cayenne pepper. I found some 150,000 organic once in a specialty store that you had to be really careful with. This 90,000 will light you up and it tastes good. If you want some hot cayenne pepper get this.
Good stuff, take it easy if your not used to it. it improves taste of food, better breathing, better circulation, helps with arthritis a bit
This is the best cayenne that I have used.The taste and aroma is a bit more mellow than other 90,000 HU cayenne powder from the past,but definetly delivers the kick!!!
I actually bought this to use as a squirrel repellant (which it worked fantastically) safe to treat your gardens with. HOWEVER i found myself using this to cook more than anything else. Tastes great when sprinkled over wings
The pepper is great!!  Plan on using it to keep squirrels off of suet, but will try it for cooking also. Price was great.  One note though, product is pictured in a jar and although it says packaging may be different, it should say sold in pouches somewhere.  I thought I was getting a jar.
I have no idea what a heat unit is, and I kind of doubt Frontier does either, but hey - the proof is in the spicy. And this works. One teaspoon makes four quarts of chili nice and toasty, and two tsp make it killer hot. My local Outpost co-op food store carries Frontier brand spices, and Outpost doesn't sell crap, so I'm satisfied they operate responsibly.
much better than the stuff you get from the grocery store and so much cheaper...i'll be buying more when i run out...i use it on food and i put it in gel caps to take as a supplement...
I recommend this product & timliness of the delivery. I especially prefere Cayenne ground with 90,000 heat units. This is a good one.<br />I highly recommend.<br />Stanley E. Ford
Please correct my original review as I made an error<br /><br />My experience was completely satisfactory-----Excellant product and service!<br /><br />Sorry about the error.<br /><br />S G Lilly
THIS SELLER WAS GREAT!!!RECIEVED MY ORDER IN ABOUT 4 DAYS!!! THE CAYENNE IS GREAT!!!NICE FLAVOR AND HOT JUST THE WAY I LIKE IT!!! wILL BE BACK FOR MORE AFTER THE 2LBS ARE GONE!!! THANKS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT AT A GOOD PRICE!!!
I have placed two orders for the weber grill grinder roasted garlic herb in the past.  I was so disappointing the last time I picked up my order as it was not what I had ordered.  It was citrus twist with garlic.  I just love the garlic and herb grinder and have given my first order away to my family as Christmas gifts.  I now don't even have one bottle for myself.  You can see I have reordered the garlic herb and hope I will receive what I have ordered.  It would be so inconvenient to repackage and return.  If it was possible to buy it in my location I would but it's not available.<br /><br />Very Disappointed<br /><br />Leona<br /><br />The order that I received with the citus garlic was as follows.<br /><br />Transaction Date  11/03/2011<br />Location<br />Amount  $20.94<br />Reference Number  [...]<br />Description  Amazon.com AMZN.COM/BILLWA
Lana's Snowflake Black Tea with Coconut and Almond has now become my favorite tea. First the smoothness is unbeatable. I found it a bit smoother than the Hanley Vanilla cormoro! Secondly,the aroma changes from the time you smell it in the bag and then brew, it is a great experience. When you taste it you have a wonderful surprise of sweetness and comfort. Sort of a nutty, caramel with vanilla notes, it is the PERFECT Dessert tea. My husband lost 18 lbs by drinking this instead of having ice cream! Now when you present it to friends,let them taste it first. If they go by the  intense aroma in the bag, it is so fresh some  have wrongly thought it was too strong a flavor, but it is not. It is the amazing  freshness they are not used to.  We served this at our wedding vow renewal and it beat out hanleys vanilla cormoro and Paris too.  This tea has filled a gap I have had in my collection, I have searched for a flavor like this over 3 years!!<br />Lana Please keep on creating this tea, I am definitely coming back for more.<br />And thank you for tremendous and fast service... btw, i am sipping this as i write.. YUM!<br />smiles, grace in VT
The written description of this tea was good enough to get me to put it on my wish list this xmas. My wife prefers the sweeter fruitier teas, such as Republic of Tea's Kiwi Pear, and I generally go for traditional blacks, Prince of Wales, Oolongs, etc. But this tea is perfect for both of us! I always liked good vanilla teas, and some coconut teas always blew me away as well. Our pals at Steep Tea still make some of the best teas in around, so we were pretty game to try this Lana's tea - it always feels good to try out teas by the 'small guys'.<br /><br />Anyway, there was this unbelievably great aroma to this tea that we couldn't pin down until one of our pals pointed out "This smells like Bailey's!" Bingo. Need I go on?
I completely agree w/Grace Brunelle's comments. This the perfect dessert tea. I have given up sugar, but love coconut, and this is the perfect replacement. The smell in the bag is intoxicating, but it mellows to a soft vanilla/almond/coconut smooth sweetness when brewed. I have many excellent teas in my collection, but this beats many of them, especially if you are craving something sweet. Thank you Lana, please keep making (and quickly shipping) this fantastic tea!
One, one, wonderful ... from the Beach Boys "Smile" album.<br />This tea is that ... wonderful aroma and taste.<br />Try it and Smile !!!<br /><br />And .. It always ships on time !!!
I absolutely love Lana's Snowflake tea! I received a sample when I ordered the Finum Permanet Filter through Amazon (which, by the way, is the best filter I have ever used!). I fell in love with the Snowflake tea and had to order some for myself. It's fantastic!
I bought this at a shop because it sounded good (I love coconut) and it was awesome!  It's become my favorite tea.
This tea is my favorite, I've never had any tea that could match it.  Please consider making it in a decaf version so I can curl up and enjoy it in the evening also!
This tea is very similar to Paromi Coconut Almond I have bought at Whole Foods.  Unfortunately, I don't live near a Whole Foods!  This loose leaf tea is awesome!  I was first put off by what I considered to be higher than normal shipping charges, but the cost of the tea is so CHEAP when compared to buying it in tea-bag form.  I will probably get 50 cups of tea out of this package.  The flavor is so unique...I can't wait to try it this summer in a sun-tea jar.
Recieved the tea very quickly with very  helpful, detailed brewing instructions.  Tea is absolutely delicious!!!!!!  Like dessert in a cup!!!!
My husband and I enjoy a really good cup of tea. Lana's Snowflake Black Tea sounded so interesting and the five star reviews made it simply irresistible - I had to try it. The delivery was very fast and it was nicely packaged. When my husband saw we had new tea he had to open it. The next thing I heard, "Wow, you have got to smell this". The aroma is so wonderful, the sweet scent from the coconut and almond fills the air and the hints of vanilla are simply divine. While the fresh aroma is intense the smooth taste is beyond compare, a great substitute to after dinner desserts. Its calming essence makes it great for a quiet evening at home...be prepared to indulge your senses.<br /><br />Snowflake Tea now has to be our favorite tea. I plan to buy it as stocking stuffers for my friends and family. Lana, keep creating this tea, I plan to buy a lot more.
The best soda crackers so tempting I've reordered.<br /><br />I will probably not order a third time though because of the high shipping cost... nothing to do with my satisfaction with the product.<br />I hope the company will consider using Amazon Prime.<br />I savor each crunch, delicious.<br />Thanks...
Although Dundee's orange marmalade is stocked everywhere, their hard-to-find ginger preserve is truly incredible. I have tried many other brands but this one is truly classic with the intense ginger flavor I love. Try it on a warm English muffin, crunchy fresh waffles or as a roast chicken glaze.
This preserve is really delicious -- aromatic and not too sweet nor too piquant. And it's cut in just the right size pieces for spreading: not too lumpy or too 'jammy.'<br /><br />I've wasted so money on so many different preserves. I eat a few teaspoon-fulls, usually find them too sweet, then they sit in the 'frige until I finally throw them away. This brand, I ate all of in just about 2 months which is really fast, for me. It stayed in edible condition in the fridge up to the last spoonful.<br /><br />Amazon is listing four bottles, each containing 1 pound of preserve, so each bottle costs about $5.50 plus shipping.
Found these locally in Chicago about 6 months ago.  Amazon's price is high but these are definitely the best I have ever tried.  My wife and I cook with it and just spread it on toast or crackers.  The white jar is also distinctive.
For those who enjoy ginger, the Dundee preserves taste great on crackers and bread.  The texture allows for easy spreading, but it is not runny.  It also stays fresh if stored in the refrigerator.
On an English muffin, the day starts off best with the mild taste of ginger!
Always used the Robertsons ginger, This production is almost as good, but the price is inflated for the size of the jar.the product was packed well (glass jars) and arrived promptly.
My nearby Fresh and Easy Market (an English company) has a variety of English fruit spreads and I'm enjoying trying them out. One of the latest is James Keiller & Son Dundee Ginger Preserve. Oh, my! This stuff is just delicious. I've always liked ginger, but as a spread it's just fantastic! What a nice flavor for my breakfast toast! I can hardly wait to try this out on other folks. Or I could give a jar here and there as gifts. I'm sure they'd be appreciated.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
This spread is just right but costs only about six dollars locally.<br />price with shipping here is ridiculous!
Second time I have reported this. One jar broken and order<br />Not what pictured. Jam same but jar different. I know my ginger<br /><br />This not same.
You can order the same products online from Nespresso for approx $25 AND you can specify exactly what you want to buy rather than taking a mixture of items, some of which you may not like.<br /><br />Nespresso makes GREAT coffee and GREAT machines. The Nespresso capsule offers posted on Amazon however are all by third parties who prey on people who don't know better.
great coffees & I enjoyed the most when friends come over for coffee, it gives lot of fun to try out all the flovor
I picked this off the shelf without any research, and my husband, who's pretty particular about his vodka (and tequila, and rum, but that's another story) loved this. I'm not a vodka drinker, but even I had to admit the first smell and taste were extremely pleasant and he said it tasted wonderful straight and excellent in mixed drink. Made by two guys from Pennsylvania using a copper still --definitely worth the price.
oUR 3 YEAR OLD SON WAS DIAGNOSED WITH BEING ALLERGIC TO SOY AND PEANUTS. THIS IS THE ONLY SUNFLOWER BUTTER THAT WE HAVE FOUND THAT IS FREE OF BOTH ALLERGENS AND NOT PROCESSED ON SHARED EQUIPMENT.  THIS IS THE ONLY PRODUCT WE BUY NOW.  OUR SON LIKES IT ON PB&J, CRACKERS, ON CELERY AND BY THE SPOONFUL AND WITH NO SUGARS ADDED MUCH MORE HEALTHY FOR HIM.
This stuff is pure, natural, creamy goodness. Perfect for using in recipes and for eating straight out of the tub!
Since Swanson's Sun Butter only contains roasted Sunflower Seeds and no other ingredients, it is the only nut butter product we buy!
This is a sun butter with absolutely fresh roasted-sunflower-seed taste. I was pleasantly surprised from the first taste. Shipping is very reasonable also. I trust Swansons, but still I was astounded by how good this tastes!
I originally ordered this product as an allergy-free alternative to peanut butter.  I have many serious food allergies (peanut, walnut, almond, dairy, gluten, corn, soy), and another popular brand of sunflower seed butter (sunbutter) is manufactured on equipment that also processes soy (not just in a shared facility, but on shared equipment)!  I am thrilled to say that this sunflower butter is not only smooth and creamy with a delicious taste, but it's organic, has no added salt or sugar, and is free of other allergens.  Give it a try, I bet you will love it!
When a peanut butter addict like me says this is better, it is saying a lot<br />Wonderfull flavor, Very creamy texture, almost to creamy, more like a puree.<br />Not to oily or sweet, just right. doesn't stick to the roof of your mouth.<br />Organic makes it even better and healthier
No sugar or anything added to the product. I have to add honey to it when I eat it and it tastes fine with honey.<br />Quality seems fine to me, it seems a bit oily compared to peanut butter, but it never gets hard like peanut butter does even keeping it in the fridge.
Although Sun Butter tastes like sunflower seeds and nothing like peanut butter, it still tastes great and has a smooth creamy texture.  The only drawback I noticed was that it's a little runny compared to peanut butter.
tastes - burnt, roasted, slightly rotten sunflower seed taste; gritty, bland - no salt,sugar only seeds. would not eat if it was free."
Just received this butter yesterday and we are already using it to make sandwiches with jelly. Tastes great without having any salt or sugar added. Highly recommend!
This organic sunflower butter is the only one I can find with the least additives. My only alternative is to make my own and this saves time.
I ordered this product because I wanted alternative to peanut butter and it is organic. I actually prefer the creamy sunflower taste over peanut butter now...definitely would buy again!
This stuff is great!!!!! I'm allergic to peanuts ( just happened over night ) and I miss having a PBJ, so this is the next best thing to it. :-) Truly, this butter is all that and then some....
pure and organic. no salt, no sugar, no poison :)  what more can you ask for?  i keep mine in the fridge and it stays soft and easily spoonable.  i use it in my banana cacao smoothies and it tastes good.  warning: not as good as peanut butter for THIS recipe, but it's better for you so i can accept the difference in taste. i admit, peanutbutter and chocholate is a better combo... and change is never easy... but what's your health worth to you?  this is all im buying from now on.
Per the manufacturer, the product is organic and only made from Sunflower seeds.  It tastes very natural and fresh.  I would highly recommend if you like the natural taste of Sunflower seeds.
I put 1-2 teabags of Easy Now in an entire teapot let it steep for 20-30 min and have some before bed. No matter when I got to sleep, I always wake up 7-8 hours later, feeling good, and without having woken up in the middle of the night. (except maybe to use the restroom, but I always fall back asleep instantly) Its also great anytime during the day to just calm your nerves, it won't make you sleepy. This is easily my favorite calming tea.
These are perfect for portion control.  I like the stand up bag too, great for putting the candy in the fridge as opposed to the flat bags.  My husband and I are both trying to lost weight, and to be able to grab one of these 70-90 calorie chocolate packs from M&M are great.<br />I was also very pleased with how they were shipped.  You have to pay a little for 2 freezie packs, but that's fine and then it came in a styrofoam box to keep the chocolate from melting.<br />I'll definitely order these from amazon again.
One problem with fun-sized bagged candies is that they are lots of small products in individual wrapping, that means that you have that many more changes of something getting squished or ruined. I've always wondered when they're cheaper than in regular stores or warehouses, if the quality is a little lower.<br /><br />In this case I handed out a lot of the candies and while everything was eaten, there were some major problems with both of my bags of peanut M&Ms. Almost all of them were crushed and there were peanuts with a little bit of M&M stuck to them and then a lot of M&M dust. The snickers were not squished and the twix sticks were all intact, so not sure what happened.<br /><br />That being said, these deals that Amazon are fantastic and they pack them very well. Definitely worth it if you need to buy it in bulk. Just, with all bagged candies, be forewarned that all the pieces may not come in totally intact.
when i ordered these 2 bags it was only $18_ today it's $37.....so i paid $9 for a little more than 2 pounds bag with  free s/h via amazon prime membership.<br /><br />it had more plain m&m's than any other candy- but that could have just been my bags- you may find differently- all the bags were sealed and none of the candy was broken or crushed- it is fresh and the expire or 'best if used' by date is JULY 2013- so long shelf life.  i also sent a couple of bags to my senior parents who love chocolate.<br /><br />if you found this helpful- please click on the 'yes' box-- thanx
I really like the fruity taste of this tea - so much so that I can actually drink it without sugar.  If you like fruity teas, you should try this product.
When I read the other review of this tea, I had to write.  This tea has a wonderful, balanced flavor that mixes the tartness of raspberry and the sweetness of peach to come up with a smooth blend.  I usually want a little honey in my tea, but this one doesn't really need it.  Makes a great iced tea, too!
I am a fan of the Bellini drink, white peach puree and Prosecco (a Italian sparkling wine) and I was NOT disappointed.  I mainly brew it for ice tea.  I disagree with some of reviewers in that not only do you taste the raspberries and peaches you can also taste the sparking wine.  This is my primary drink in the summer.  To give it a little kick I will sometimes add a peach liquor or peach flavored rum.  I recommend it highly
I almost never write reviews, but I thought I would for this one.  I'm pretty open to tastes of anything, but something about the smell and taste of this product was really bad.  It tasted "off" almost.  I'm really disappointed because I had hoped to like it and I love fruity green teas, but this was NO GOOD.  I'd strongly recommend trying a sample of this (if possible) before buying.  Sorry Zhena's.... maybe I'll like another flavor.  I haven't given up on you yet.
This tea has mostly all raspberry flavours with little to no peach at all.  I added a peach green tea bag when I brew it & a little sweetener.  It's very tough to taste the "sparkling wine" flavour, either.  At best, it's a nice raspberry green tea, but it's certainly not what I was expecting & hoping for.  If I bought it from a store, I would have taken it back.
My husband and I absolutely love this gum that is actually good for you!!! It keeps flavor for a long time!!!!
A bit pricy, but well worth it to avoid the garbage found in other gums.  Made in USA and delicious.
I love B-Fresh cinnamon gum! It tastes great, it's good for you and it temporarily freshens your breath. Now the flavor doesn't last a long time but with 100 pieces you have plenty to chew on.
I love this gum, but i gave it 4 stars because the flavor does not last long...  You'll enjoy it though.
Great for when you're pregnant or nursing...no artificial anything....INCLUDING NO Aspartame.  Yay!  The Bubble gum is the best gum in the whole world.  LOVE this gum.
Wow!  Great price! I'll never buy these at the pet store again!  About 6 months ago we started giving our rat terriers Greenies after my vet told me about them.  We couldn't afford $400 +  each to have our dog's teeth cleaned (and there is just no way these dogs would let me brush their teeth) so we tried these.  What a difference it made!!!!  The tartar an plaque buildup on my 11 yr old girl is almost completely gone and my 6 yr old boy's teeth look like I had them professionally cleaned.  The added bonus is Greenies make their breath smell great and my dogs love the taste of them!
Greenies arrived promptly, are fresh with an expire date thirteen months from now.  Great price to keep my dogs favorite treat on hand for many months to  come.  Yes, she chewes through them quickly but she loves them so much, i dont care. This is the best price I've ever seen on Greenies so we stocked up!
My 4 border collies expect one of these each night before bed.  I've learned how important it is to create regular routines to keep these active "wired" dogs calm, and there's no way I have time to brush their teeth each nite, even if they'd let me.  But this can get very expensive.  When I found them here at this price, I ordered tons.  Then went back and ordered more, figuring the price would increase to that on other sites.  It had increased a bit, but still a great price. Entirely Pets delivered a bit late due to supply problems, but that was okay since I had just received enough to last a month!
The photo shows potato and carrot pieces in the butternut squash base but upon opening a can, there are no potato or carrot pieces to be found, unlike the cans I've bought from a local grocery store.  I guess this must be a change in Wolfgang Puck's recipe but the photo on the can does not represent the contents anymore.  Several cans out of the twelve pack were delivered dented, although none seriously.  Packing with better filling could have prevented dents in transit.
I've been buying these at the grocery store every week for a year. My husband and I eat WP's soups every day for lunch. I am so happy Amazon can deliver to my doorstep.
I had ordered a case of this incredible soup, based on my experience of ordering it at the the Dallas Fort Worth resturant. It was so incredible that I ordered another container to go, couldnt stop thinking about it during my meeting in Dallas and ordered two more before my flight back to California. I went out of my way to go to this terminal so I could order it again.<br /><br />So when I got the canned version....not as impressed. Oh well.
This soup is advertised as "creamy," however when it arrived it was "signature."  Puck changed the recipe of the Creamy Butternut Squash Soup and is now calling it Signature Butternut Squash Soup.  It does not taste the same (and is not as good) as the original recipe.
Months ago I had my first butternut squash soup, hand made at a fancy restaurant. I do not like canned soups... but I saw this in our local grocers, and remembering the soup I had at the restaurant, I decided to try it. It was delicious! It is my favorite lunch go-to now. I have added shredded roasted turkey to make it heartier, but as for taste it is wonderful. I order the case on Amazon, which is cheaper than my local store. I also tried their french onion soup which is really good. I have avoided the others simply because in their best form, I don't like chicken noodles and tomato soups, but for the 2 I do like and have tried, they really made something from canned soups, and I'd recommend them.
Very good soup, light and creamy. Added curry gives just right spice to the  taste. Love it! Highly recommend to try it, you won't put your spoon down until you ate it all.
The soup is rich and tasty, but DON'T buy it from Amazon.  The packaging is so poor that the cans arive dented as did the replacement shipment. I got my money back but now have to pay more to buy this wonderful soup from my local grocer.
I have eaten in various restaurants operated by Wolfgang Puck and have always found the food to be delicious.  This soup is no exception.  The only problem is that it is exceedingly high in sodium, fat, cholesterol and calories in general. Per servings totals are 200 calories, total fat 11g, saturated fat 8g, cholesterol 30 mg, sodium 540 mg! This sodium total is 22% of what you should get for the whole day!  By comparison, Campbell's Chicken with Rice soup has 70 calories, total fat 1.5g, saturated fat .5g, cholesterol 5 mg, sodium 820 mg.  Almost double the sodium (salt) but much healthier in every other category.  The bottom line is, if you want healthy soup, make it yourself.
This is, quite simply, the best Mac 'n Cheese on the market. It is our go-to meal for when we haven't gone to the grocery store and desperately need a dinner.<br /><br />My tips:<br />+ Add the "optional" butter, you know you want to.<br />+ Personally I find that it needs just the smallest pinch of salt to bring out its flavors<br />+ Some fresh ground pepper rounds it out<br /><br />If you like this stuff, I also highly recommend the Annie's snack mix (I think also available on Amazon). I believe Annie's makes both products with their patented Bunny Cocaine(tm). The dangerous addiction I've developed is totally worth it.
This Mac & Cheese is really creamy without tasting processed and it has the right amount of salt. Very good product overall.
I have always been a fan of Annie's products, and since I'm overseas at the moment, I didn' have access to the products. That's where Amazon comes in! The price is very good-almost the same as buying them in the store in the states-and the product came in great shape and the expiration date is not soon either!<br />As for the product itself, I think the sauce can use less salt, but other wise I love it! Natural ingredients and it takes less than 10 minutes for me to make it =)
I am a big fan of anything Annie's so it is no surprise I give these 5 stars. There is simply no comparison between 'the chessiest' and the truly chessiest mac & cheese - which is Annie's. I enjoy the white cheddar the most.
This is twice as expensive as basic box Mac and Cheese.  It is just so so in taste.  If you check the ingredients it is not much different than other Mac and Cheese.  The cost does not justify the ordering.  I will not be ordering from Amazon again.  The cost is much cheaper at a big box chain.
Annie's has a great line of food, and this macaroni and cheese is great. Kids like it; grown-ups like it!!
Our family really enjoys this shells and cheese. I love the convenience of Mac and Cheese, but usually the flavor is horrible. Annie's tastes great and is better for you. Can't beat that.
To all those who complain of the taste......you arent making it right.<br /><br />I know because sometimes i put in a little too much milk....or whatever. But when you make this stuff right it really rules. Its also good to know that im not eating as many chemicals as other kinds of mac and cheese.<br /><br />I find the family size serving better personally.
It's all natural, no artificial color, no weird ingredients . . . but it also has no taste. The sauce is thin and runny and doesn't have much flavor. If you need a boxed dinner in a pinch, then by all means use a product with natural ingredients. But if you want good mac and cheese, stick with homemade.
Very yummy!  My kids and I loved it!  Cute story on the box too!
No long, frightening lists of chemical additives, either. Nice to find something quick and easy that I don't have to feel guilty giving my kids from time to time. I have no problem paying a little bit of a premium for Annie's, it's well worth it.<br /><br />Oh, and for anyone who is getting lumps, take the package directions at face value and mix the cheese separately, then add the pasta.
My whole family really enjoys Annie's mac & cheese! The reason I gave it 4 stars was due to the high salt content---common to all boxed dinners.
All Annie's products are excellent. Beats the other name brands<br /><br />for flavor. It's organic with no additives. Good item to keep on hand for a quick lunch.
I have been disappointed with this product.  We have always enjoyed Annie's products & have never had a problem, until now.  The "cheese" was so solidly clumped that I was unable to make a sauce without lumps.  I have used 3 different packages from my order & have had the problem with all of them.  I am not sure if it is the result of a manufacturing issue or if they have been sitting on a shelf too long in the warehouse.  Either way, beware.
I love Annie's, but this had no taste, very bland and unappealing. I would not purchase this again, but worst of all I'm stuck with 6 boxes...boo!
I bought this and a grinder (and a couple other varieties of course salts) as a gift for my spouse at Christmas.  I know he enjoys the visual appeal of the coarse ground salt and I was tired of buying the $2.99 use-and-toss grinders of salt at the grocery store.<br /><br />As far as this salt goes, you should NOT use it in a grinder because it is too moist.  I did not know this until after I had purchased it.  I still use it as a finishing salt, but for the use I had in mind, grinding on food, it does not work.
This has to be the best and easiest bread machine mix I've come across.  Incredibly simple directions and impossible to fail.  Plus the loafs come out perfect everytime (I've had issues in the past with getting whole wheat flours to rise as well as white flours).  I've purchased this "collection" several times and will continue to do so.
I originally got this bread thru amazon but now buy it directly from the manufacturer so I can get free shipping when buying $75 worth (that's a lot of bread mixes).  It's truly delicious, easy to make in my bread machine and there are a lot of different flavors.  The yeast does come in separate little packs - in both the individual and the multi packs.<br />It's a little more expensive than the Hodgson Mill bread (also very good & available thru amazon), but a much greater variety.
I could not be more pleased with the bread machine mixes.  They are delicious.  The service was outstanding.
I bought a new bread machine and bought this collection of bread mixes as well as some single mixes to try it out.  The single mixes worked well as they included yeast packaged separately in the mix.  My machine states clearly not to get the yeast wet, to put it on top of the flour away from the water.  The mixes in this collection have the yeast in the flour, not packaged separately.  The bread failed to rise at all.  Why would they package the yeast separately in the single mixes and not in the multi packs?  Along with the Heartland Collection I also purchased the Baker's Choice Collection.  I am throwing them all out.  Don't waste your money.
The bread has a good taste but does not rise properly and only makes 1/2 loaf.  I checked the temp of the water as suggested with bad results.  After raising the temp to 100 degrees I got it to rise to 3/4 loaf.  Pretty expensive for the quality and I won't buy again.
I first purchased this food at the Pomona Pet Expo this year and as I do all my cooking for my animals I was looking for a natural grain free dry to add to their wet.  I learned that feeding your dogs the right food from an early age is key to keeping them healthy and with you for as long as possible.<br /><br />This by far is one of the best Natural foods I have purchased and my dogs just (Love) it..  The Holistic Primitive is high in Protein and very well tolerated by sensitive stomachs.  This food has never been recalled and is made in it's own plant, unlike most major brands out there that are manufactured at the same plant and only under different names.  The price I find to be fare, as I have paid much higher for other Holistic food which was not received well by my dogs.<br /><br />I highly recommend Earthborn Natural food for anyone who really knows the importance of feeding your "companions" healthy food and for those who really Love their Pet's..
My main reason for purchasing this dog food was that I wanted a food made here in the U.S., of natural ingredients and not made in a plant where chemicals are processed.<br />Recently I have lost 2 of my beloved small animals to a company who produces pet foods in the same plant as chemicals, pesticides, and other cleaning agents. It is my belief that carelessness and greed led to contaminated small animal food that killed my 2 pets.<br /><br />I have a 65lb German Shepherd/Aussie mix with a leg injury, and joint problems. She has always been very active & full of energy for her age of 8 years old. In the past I've tried either making her food or searching out holistic foods that are made here in the U.S. with natural ingredients.<br /><br />We started out with a small bag of this food at first to see if she would eat it. Immediately she loved it! She had no stomach upset, even though her stomach is sensitive. Right away her coat started getting softer & shinier. There wasn't as much problems with her joints and leg injury as before and I did notice even more energy in her!<br /><br />Now that I've been feeding her this for a while her coat has continued to soften, looks shinier & no more scratching! She's maintained her regular weight without gaining any. Her energy level is amplified and she's showing very little discomfort in her joints & with her leg injury. What I love best is that she eats every last bite of this food when its feeding time, when before she would only pick at her food. I've fed her other brands of holistic, natural and organic foods and none of them were this much of a hit with her. This food really has made a difference in her overall health, coat and energy levels. None of the other foods made her coat this soft!<br /><br />These are bite sized pieces of food that an older or smaller dog would be able to eat. Mine doesn't like big chunks of food, she prefers the smaller bites so this one is perfect for her. Oh, and upon opening this bag the scent is like meat not bread or preservatives in other foods. This food isn't greasy either like many of the others we've tried in the past that leave stains on the floor if it drops and she misses a piece.<br /><br />I'd definitely recommend this food to everyone who has a small or large dog. The differences you will notice right away in your dog will make you a believer in this food as well!
Earthborn is the best grain free dog food and it is reasonably priced. This food is calorie dense and so good for your dogs.
I have a great dane - she is very food intolerant; she cannot tolerate brown rice, beef, lamb, sweet potato nor large amounts of broccoli, spinach, peas, and not too much fiber.  I chose this dog food because it has 3 meat proteins -chicken, turkey & fish, no rice, and small amounts of vegetables and is low in fiber.  This dog food has worked extremely well for her.  She no longer has soft stools, her coat is much better, she doesn't have itching problems and she likes it.  It is high calorie - so she only gets 4 1/2 cups per day for her 140 lbs.
My puppy loves the stuff.  His poo is proper consistency since switching, his coat is beautiful, and he treats the stuff like, well, a treat.  Can't wait to try the other flavors with him.<br /><br />The ingredients list is tough to beat for the price.<br /><br />-Jim
I had to look for a new food for my 100 pound puppy.<br />She has a sensitive stomach and sheds extensively when in that phase. And as many of you know,  it is hard to find good food.<br />I have ordered 3 small bags of different food/brands, this one was the first on the list to try.<br /><br />After 2 days, the coat of my dog got better and softer too. I would have not thought that it would work so fast.<br />Poop stayed solid (I didn't have a problem with that on the previous food, but its important) and it doesn't have a nasty smell anymore, as with the previous food. Great again!<br />She still sheds a little but the coat is getting much much nicer and I am confident that it is a matter of a few more days until it is in outstanding condition.<br /><br />***After 4 days, the shine of my dogs skin is definitely noticeable. This food is high quality and it shows on your dog. We also got rid of the nasty gas which is as well a great indicator of a good food. I recommend this food over Acana, Orijen or other foods with high protein levels, as it is grain free!!! (very important).<br /><br />As for the price, Amazon is a fabulous website (& I do have Prime), however I was able to get 2 bags for $39.94/bag WITH shipping included on another website! And as I am typing this, I got additional on time 10% off .. so not even with Prime I would be able to get to that price.<br /><br />Anyway, as far as the food goes, it is very very good. Just be careful with the high protein levels, not all dogs might do well with it. Get a small bag and see how it works and of course mix it in with current food. If it doesn't work (lot of gas and loose stool after a week or more), try a different brand with less protein. You might want to look at Precise Holistic, Fromm Gold or Canidea alternatives. Very good foods but the protein is lower. Get small bags, try one, mix in little by little, if it doesn't work, go back to the previous food and than start with the other bag.<br /><br />In case of questions I will be happy to help.<br /><br />***UPDATE: So after about two weeks of use, the coat is shinier as EVER, its absolutely beautiful. The last time I remember her coat being so shiny was when she was a puppy. There is a little gas now and than, but nothing horrible (and I do feed my dog at night, so her stomach works during the night), stool is solid and still no smell. I also notice my dog shaking her head less because of ears, food CAN cause ear and eye infection, so that is satisfying too. As for the shedding, it has almost stopped. Its 80% better!!!<br /><br />This is definitely the best food we have tried in 18 months. We have tried around 10-12 different brands. That gives you an idea of how good it is. Also, it is ridiculously cheap, if you know, where to buy it. This food, under $40! is without a doubt, the best food money can buy. Well, at least for us it is.
This is the best dog food!  I have seven dogs, three over the age of 14 and they are as spry and energetic as dogs half their age.  We went grain-free years ago after one of our dogs got cancer.  I began reading about excess carbohydrates and how BAD they are for our dogs (and us)...Initially we used EVO because it was great and it was the only grain-free availble.  We were very happy with it until the price went through the roof!  We tried several different grain-free food over the next year or so.  Some the dogs just didn't like.  Some aggravated my Lhasa Apso's allergies.  A couple of my dogs are susceptible to yeast infections and the EVO had curtailed that problem but it came back with other foods.  Finally we tried Earthborn's Grain-Free line and VOILA!  They love it! The price is right, no allergies or infections...everyone is healthy and happy!This is the best food around and the price is right.
Since switching our golden retrieve from his regular dog food to grain-free, his skin allergies are much lessened.  And this grain-free dog food is great.  It smells good even to me.  And to see it available at Amazon with the Super Saver Free Shipping is wonderful!
When I first got my dog I started her out with Innova. She liked it at first and then would not eat it unless it was mixed with wet food. I then changed her to Taste of the Wild, which (pun intended) she was wild about. She loved breakfast and dinner now. However, after one bag I took her off TotW because the company that makes it has had recalls with other dog food brands they make. Though TotW was never on the recall list I loved my dog too much to risk it. I didn't have a lot of dog food options for my area and I was not about to buy her dog food from Wal-Mart. All of which contain the ingredient animal digest which I am keeping her from. A friend suggested Earthborn, which is what she feeds her dog, and was also sold in my area. And just as much as she loved TotW she loved Earthborn (probably more). She was soon an Oliver Twist and was asking for more. This food makes me happy with the good ingredients that are used and her coat shows it. I love this product and so does my dog.
I bought this because the ingredients seem to be ok but for some reason it made my dogs have to go outside at least 3 times each night, overnight for the 2 weeks we gave this to them.  We changed back to Origen, a food they do well on and the middle of the night bathroom trips stopped in 2 days. Also, my older dog tends to get really "diggy" when she is eating something not good for her and with this food she was constantly digging at the couch!  I have no idea what is wrong with this food, none of the ingredients stand out to me as being the cause but something in it really messed my puggies up!
I have to disagree with another reviewer; I did not find this PB gritty at all.  I always but natural PB without any added sugar and also did not find this too sweet.  It has a nice, not overpowering, taste of maple.  Great snack on rice cakes!
The problem with this peanut butter is the use of "evaporated cane juice" which is a coy way of saying "raw sugar". Accent--on the SUGAR. The sugar is gritty and overpowers the peanut taste and the maple. It wasn't very maple-y. It was gritty, sweet and pretty much not great. Maybe the "cane juice" crystallized to the low moisture content of peanut butter. Anyway, it was a loser.<br /><br />I had heard much hype about this peanut butter, started by someone who has a peanut butter sandwich restaurant in New York. I happen to like PBJ and celery with pb--a tablespoon of peanut butter is a fairly good snack even if you are watching your food intake but this peanut butter is too sugary for my tastes. I gave it two stars--if you are making a confection or cookies, it could be very good, but as eat-alone peanut butter, I found it way too sweet and gritty for my tastes.
This superb tasting drink was used at the turn of the century for medicinal purposes as it purportedly had calming , but hallucinogenic effects. Thought to have same effects as THC but was disproved in 1999. But still , it is a very popular drink if mixed properly . Which is dissolving sugar through an absinthe spoon and mixing with vodka . Aptly named TNT. The drink was somewhat popularized by the character Inspector Frederick Abberline, played by Johnny Depp in the movie FROM HELL based upon Jack The Ripper.
My vodka tonics have never been so refreshing.  I wish I would have ordered two cases now as my husband and I are going through far too much.
I ordered this and several other plants from this seller.<br /><br />I was quite suprised to find that the plant was much larger than I expected (with a full six heads on it!) and well packed. Every plant I got in this shipment is thriving and happy. It has been two weeks now and nothing has failed to thrive. This is more than I can say about others that I have bought from!<br /><br />I will be buying from this company again.
I got this from my mother and love it! Named him Harold and though I don't have any flies to give him, he is growing well. You have to be diligent and make sure your trim any heads that start to turn black, and not let the plant dry out, but isn't that much work. I can't wait to get a bell jar for him and keep him in my windowsill.
I just received the plant.  I paid extra for a quick delivery to secure the plant's condition.  It arrived on time, however it arrived wrapped only in moist news paper,without any protection for the plant.  The plant is completely smashed. This was, for me, a complete waste of my time and money.  I paid more for shipping than for the item itself and it didn't do a bit of good.  Very disappointing.
My Venus fly trap arrived promptly and in great condition! Thanks for the great service! Amazon is forcing me to write more words against my will because they are fascists.  Have a great day, everyone!
I ordered this item and was not pleased when it arrived, however the seller promptly contacted me to make things right. They refunded my purchase in full after requesting a photo of the item. Their response was quick and much appreciated. I will likely not purchase plants online any longer, however, if I do, I would not hesitate to consider this seller again mainly because of their customer service.
this plant appears to be dead on arrival.... ive had in full sun since arrival and its leaves and stems are pink and not growing at all ide order another one but it will probably die in the slow shipping as well 20.00 for a dead weed... no thanks they wouldnt let me submit this review with out clicking a star... not even worth one star note the picture they used for this product has six more branches than mine...i have three
Healthy plant received on time.  No issues, just the way I like it.  :-)
There was a little damage in shipment which might be expected, but it is growing and catching flies...with a little help!
Ordered this plant to remedy a fruit fly invasion. The amazon shipping was acceptable, but the manufacturer does not create the packaging to facilitate any shipment, unless they were to put "This side up" on the box. The dirt was everywhere but where it was supposed to be and the plant (Audrey) was upside down, roots up in the box. If I had found one locally I would have bought it there. Hoping Audrey survives, but I don't have high hopes.<br />EDIT: Audrey is now deceased. Do not recommend.
Plant was dead on arrival and was mangled in its container, probably better to buy one locally. I dont think its gonna make it....
My new friend arrived with quite a bit of damange and only 2 heads, one crushed, I was so upset, but I put the moss back into the pot snuggly around the base of the plant gave it bottled water and plenty of sun and now, I have 12 heads and a very strong plant! He bounced back so well! Eats flys and is now bright red and green!
it came in good shape altho the plant came a little twisted and two were dead but worth every penny and six head were still alive very happy
The plant looked great the day it arrived. With that said, the arrival took an extra week to get here. After the first day one of the heads turned blacked and i had to remove it. I give it 4 hours of direct sunlight a day and always keep the media wet. I never use tap water. Only rain and purifies water. I still have yet to see any of the heads open. I'm very nervous that they will not ever open. Maybe they will send me another one :/
Item arrived in less than a week. Packaging was great. Old newspaper to fill in black space, and the leaves of the plant were tucked inside of a clear plastic cup to keep them from getting crushed.  There was a disposable heat pack that was placed inside to raise the humidity.<br /><br />All leaves were green and healthy, not many traps were closed. It had two adult plant, one juvenile one. I separated them to give them more room in a hanging pot because the three inch pot wouldn't have been long enough for their roots (They like over 4 inches of room for their roots if it can be helped). Fast forward 6 months, my collections has grown, and these original Venus Fly Traps have  been propagating with secondary growth points. They're growing like weeds!<br /><br />Don't forget, they like sun and distilled water. But be careful when you first get them. Put them in partial shade for a few days to avoid sun burning.
The plant was upside down in the box and I had to put the roots back inside the planter.  It never came out of shock and turned black and died.
I received my plant it was in great condition!!!  I have a question the box says its supposta stay in box for terrium. im a little confused how is it supposta catch flies if its in a box.. can anyone tell me the direction in  a not so confusing way lol
Hi  - ordered the Venus fly trap...very quick service, nice vendor, but the plant died and turned black...over the next 3 days after we got it...
i had a second plant to replace the first one. it to came in sad shape,<br />i should of went to a local nursery at least then i would of got a good plant.<br />dont waste your time with this vender.
this plant arrived packaged Excellently.  it was very healthy and came with good instructions for growing.  we will enjoy raising these.
I was very pleased with my venus fly trap when I received it.  It was in good shape and came very quickly.  We have been having a lot of fun feeding it bugs.
The plant arrived dead.  It cost as much to ship.  I did not want to hassle with any kind of return.  I should know better than to buy a plant on line.
I received an undersized, sickly plant that could not be nurtured back to health. What was I thinking ordering a plant over the Internet? Never again!
It only lasted 2 days. Came mostly dead. Glad it was only 10 bucks. It was also very small so. The flies I wanted it to eat , it couldn't.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and her family who live in Arizona. They were so excited when it came and it was small enough to not be a bother but big enough to be interesting and pretty. They were pleased. It came almost right away (days!) and the package was in good shape.
My plant arrived quickly and packaged very well. Almost too well cause I was so anxious to see it and it took a bit of time to unwrap it:) The first day it didn't want to eat because of the stress from shipping, but now it's eating the bugs I give it. Everybody is so intriuged with it and we all love it!!
We love the little Venus Flytrap,<br />it's healthy, hungry, and producing new shoots.<br />It arrived quickly and in good condition.<br />Altogether a positive experience.
Fly traps were for a science fair experiment. They arrived promptly and were in very good shape.All approximately the same size-important for the experiment.
I ordered this plant for my seven year old daughter.  She was extremely excited to get it so I even ordered the express 1 day shipping, which I paid over ten dollars for, and it still took over a week to reach my house.  Once it got to my house, I opened the box expecting it to be a fully established plant, which would look similar to the picture shown.  This is not the case.  It came as a pot, a bag of soil, and a damp paper towel with a VERY small plant inside...maybe 1 inch long.  There were absolutely no care or planting instructions or anything like that at all.  We were pretty disappointed.  However, I was able to plant what was there in the dirt and it seems to have survived and looks a bit better now.  My daughter is happy with this plant now, but it was a rough start.
Its smaller than I expected. I dont think 3 inches is as big as it used to be. It comes in this clear goofy plastic box that told me to use said box as a humidity dome. I don't remember seeing a dome in the little shop movie but I tried it anyway. A day later my plant was burned and never recovered.<br /><br />I'd give it more stars if the directions were more clear. It was cool seeing the heads close up on things.
We live in the country so flies are very bothersome.  This plant is probably stuffed, its working overtime. Each mouth has about three flies, I would think that is too many to digest but hey its eating flies like its suppose to.
The plant came very healthy but smaller then described. It was described as a large Venus fly trap I received a medium size Venus fly trap but it was a healthy one even fed before it was shipped being that I paid a reasonable price for it's unexpected size I don't believe I loss on this one in fact I am pleased with the plant.
I received the pant faster than expected, but it was brown and considerably smaller than advertised. I have very little hope that this plant will live out this week, but if it does I will update this review with a higher rating.
The plant come early then expected and was in perfect condition. So far the plant is doing okay, just can't understand why the traps are turning black after every feeding. I try contacting the company, but no one was there to answer the phone. Either way they delivered the plant to my house without it being damaged or smashed. I would recommend buying from this company again.
I received this item today and while it is indeed a Venus Fly Trap in a 3" pot, I was disappointed to find it is the kind of plant that comes in the clear plastic packaging that is available at a few department stores and garden centers in my area. I specifically ordered a plant on the internet to avoid getting one of these.<br /><br />I still give 4 stars because it did arrive in pretty good shape, and most of the plants like this in stores are not very healthy. And, after all, I ordered a flytrap in a 3" pot and that's what I got. Just know that if you have a local store with a garden center, they may have these plants already and you could save the shipping cost by buying one there if you can find one in decent shape.
We love to feed ours.  I chase flies and insects around the house sometimes just to watch them eat.  I would recommend buying some type of planitarium for them.  They need a warm humid space.  Only use distilled water.  NOT FILTERED!  These plants are very delicate when it comes to the water you give them.  I would even go so far as to buy a guide book.  Don't buy the "happy plants".  It's a good book for a kid. But it's not a guide on how to raise these plants. These plants are a great conversation piece for house guests.  Need I say more? ENJOY! Chazz
The plant arrived in great condition ... fully green and with about five or six heads in the clear box that can serve as a terrarium.  Will give it our best shot on keeping it up and running!  This was in much better shape than the venus flytrap plants at our local big-box do-it-yourself in their garden area.
I am a college student and wanted to get a unique plant for my dorm. In my eagerness to buy this plant, I accidentally sent this plant to my home address instead of my dorm. Despite this delay, my plant arrived about one week after I first ordered it. (Had it been shipped correctly, it would have taken only four days). In addition, the plant STILL arrived in good condition. Its growing very well.<br /><br />A few things to note: This plant is, as stated, in a 3" pot. Don't expect a giant man-eating plant. My plant came with about seven heads and a flower stem, which will hopefully bloom soon. The one thing that this plant does not come with his any sort of terrarium or other habitat for it, though the plant's robustness makes up for it. Make sure to follow the special care instructions with it and the plant will grow fine. It is definitely worth the cost and it makes  a perfect pet plant.
I opened the carton and the plant looked like someone put it in a shoe box and shook it all up.  I didn't think it would live.<br />It did recover however and a heat generating pad was included so I give it 4/5 stars.  knocked one for loose packing.<br />I would buy from this company again in hopes they get better at packing.
wen the plant arrived it was kinda small. but now it is starting to grow new traps and its getting bigger every day. i have enjoyed feeding it bugs and i an very satisfied with the product.
This review is based on 9GreenBox taking care of their customers.  If you receive an item that you consider to be subpar they will make it right.  Highly recommend this retailer.
I ordered this plant as a gift for a friend and was not told until recently that the plant had died shortly after she received it.  She said she followed care instruction but the leaves started to fall off and it wilted and died.  I wish I had known sooner but she just told me last week.
Two of the three plants were dying and are now dead. They all were tiny!!! They are suppose to catch flies but not one fly has been caught because they couldn't even fit in the bloom.  Rip Off!!! Do not do business with this vendor...
i recieved the fly trap and it seemed fine i put it in a nice sunny area it did good but then 2 days later it just died so i paid 15 bux for a plant that lived 3 days lol
My son asked for this plant for his birthday and he is very happy with it.  It seems to be doing well thus far, hopefully it will continue to thrive.  It was packed well in the box and incurred no damage during shipping.
I received the plant in great condition but soon killed it. The directions said not to fertalize it and exactly what to plant it in. So, I bought exactly what it said but did not pay attention to the fact that the medium had rapid gro in it so it died within 3 days. My seven year old loved it while he had it though. He even named it, fed it and took care of it as if it were a life pet!
I love white polenta but most of what I find in the U.S. is very coarse.  It still tastes great but the texture leaves a lot to be desired.  Moretti Polenta Friulana Bianco is amazing - the creamiest and finest I have ever seen.
Whipped peanut butter isn't for everyone; it's basically just peanut butter whipped up so it has more air in it.  For some reason, however, I LOVE it.  It spreads easier and seems to taste sweeter, lighter, and fluffier.  If you're a peanut butter freak, definitely give this stuff a try.
On the label it says, "1/3 less sugar" than regular peanut butter.  If you read the fine print, it is because it 1/3 less peanut butter!  That being said, it is very tasty.
My golden retriever loves these bones!  I ordered them and they arrived in a timely manner.  However, when I opened the box, they were old - meaning the filling was somewhat dried and didn't completely fill the hoof due to shrinkage.  Once the plastic is removed, the filling pretty much falls out.  Very disappointing!
This is one of the few canned sauces without citric acid. Their canned ground tomatoes I use all the time for sauce, better than imported San Marzano, and I am an Italian-American.  I know my sauce.  This can be found in some local supermarkets, here in NY it is in ShopRite, BestYet, and in larger cans at Sam's Club for under $4 for a HUGE 6 lb. can! In supermarkets, I bought it recently at $1 for a 15 oz. can on sale, regularly priced under $2 for a 15 oz. can.  Look for it and try it. Nice and thick and tasty as it should be.  An additional bonus for me personally is that it contains no food allergens such as dairy, eggs, or nuts.  Safe for my granddaughter who is allergic.
A great sauce if you can find it locally.  My Giant carries it for less than a couple of bucks a can.  The flavor is great, very good tomato taste with a good bit of tanginess.  Not sweet at all but there is a hint of tomato sweetness.  I never thought I'd find something this good in a can.  I bought one because it looked out of place on the store shelf so it had to be good.  I've read reviews on a pizza making forum and most of the people grudgingly concede its a good sauce.
Don't be put off by the cartoon label: this is SERIOUS, EXCELLENT pizza sauce, the best I've ever tasted out of a can. My family has been eating it for years. Basically, there's no need for us to make homemade sauce anymore. But don't just believe me -- google "Don Pepino pizza sauce" and read other people's rave reviews.<br /><br />We can't find it in our local grocery stores so we usually buy a case or two at a time. The pop-top cans are also a perfect size for a large pie or two.<br /><br />The company's other tomato products, sold under the name "Sclafani", are also highly recommended.
I grew up in NJ and the local Italian food store sold this sauce along with dough and cheese that you could take home to make your own pizza! I loved it then, and I love it now.  The only issue is the price.  At almost 4$ per can it would be hard to justify the cost.  So to be clear, 5 stars for the sauce, but 1 star for the price!
There is no better sauce and I think it's even better than most homemade sauces. One can will make two large pizzas. It's seriously amazing. Unfortunately, it is hard to find but when I do find it... I buy all the stock. ;)
I used to work in a specialty pet store, and cats were my specialty. I was the expert on diet after spending much time researching various foods, reading labels, and talking to customers. I'll share what I learned, and explain why I recommend this food. Science Diet is one of the worst foods for cats, and right down at the bottom you'll also find Purina, Meow Mix, Eukanuba, and Iams. These have by-products, fillers (corn, soybean mill run, corn gluten, grits, or white rice).<br /><br />Many of the better foods like Blue Buffalo, Artemis, Wellness, Instinct, Orijen, California Naturals, Innova Evo, Merrick, and my personal favorite Vet's Choice Health Extension are world's apart in quality and most are cheaper than Science Diet pound for pound in many stores.<br /><br />These are the ingredients for a typical Science Diet bag minus the vitamins/minerals, just to give you an example:<br /><br />Ground Whole Grain Corn, Chicken By-Product Meal, Animal Fat, Dried Beet Pulp, Soybean Oil, Dried Egg Product, Flaxseed.<br /><br />Corn is a filler, and it's the number one ingredient. By products are things like beaks, feathers, etc. They're waste products. The only decent ingredients are down the ingredient list, meaning that they exist in a smaller amount then the first ingredients. Now, let's look at a bag of Health Extension that's both cheaper AND of higher quality:<br /><br />Chicken, Chicken Meal, Brown rice, Oats, Dried Egg Product, Chicken Fat, Flaxseed, Menhaden Fish Meal, Herring Oil, Sweet Potato, Cranberries, Blueberries, Tomato Pomace, Natural Barley Malt, Apple Cider Vinegar, Goji Berry, Garlic, Astragalus, Ginger, Blue Green Algae + 6 kinds of probiotics.<br /><br />The potato is a nice binder and good for digestion. The oils and flaxseed are good for the coat being rich in Omegs 3's. The probiotics regulate digestion. The eggs and chicken are good sources of protein. You might not *need* some of the extra ingredients like Goji berry for example, but they're better than fillers and at the very least harmless to cats.<br /><br />I recommend this food because my cats love it, it's relatively cheap for a quality food, and the ingredients are top-notch. If you want better food, go with Instinct (which my cats love even better, especially the rabbit) but be prepared to pay much more. The absolute best would be to put your cats on a raw diet using pucks of meat prepared by various companies, or simply do it yourself if you've researched how to prepare it, but this is an even more expensive route.
I was looking all over for milk in a paint can and I found it! Thank you Amazon. The only down side is that it is the sweet milk from a goat's teat. Once one gets over that it is by far the best powdered milk in a paint can that I ever ordered online.
By god, is there anything this stuff can't do?<br />Recently when it snowed holy hell, I was out of rock salt<br />with which to ensafen the driveway with. Sure enough, Meyeberg's<br />powederized saviour came to the rescue. With just a few sprinkles of this remarkable 'Jesus in a can', every last bit of that ice didn't just melt, but literally *sublimated* away, leaving bare, dry... and actually kind of unnervingly warm, concrete beneath!<br />However, it managed to turn snow into ice cream, also apparently induces water into wine by proximity alone!<br />However, since this occoured, I have never been able to reproduce these breathtaking effects. Except for one:<br />It makes a very rich quishe.
I was given a track number and told it was delivered to my POBOX.  It never happened.  I received a refund and am now in the process of wating for my new reorder.
I prefer this powdered milk to the condensed form that Meyerberg sells. The condensed has a more sour flavor to it.  One has to realize that goat's milk is not cow's milk in that it is richer or creamier in flavor so it does startle one until your palate get's used to something which tastes "different". When it is warm, it honestly tastes about as close to what a milk product should taste. Cold it has a slight powdered milk processed flavor.<br /><br />I actually made ice cream from this powdered milk and it turned out pretty good. It is like ice milk as this is milk, but it was different and enjoyable but quite sweet.<br /><br />The recipe was 1 quart milk (8 scoops of powdered milk made warm and allowed to chill)<br /><br />1 cup white sugar<br /><br />1 tsp vanilla flavoring (you can try other flavorings like banana)<br /><br />1/8 tsp salt<br /><br />My electric freezer will freeze this in 20 minutes.<br /><br />I like the powdered for it's ease and it keeps well. I can make up a quart and it will keep 2 weeks, so it is on hand and not wasting or forcing someone who has limited use to drink a gallon of milk. Granted one is used to cow's milk, but this is something one can get used to if they have allergies and I am glad it comes in a nice metal can with a plastic lid to reseal after you pop the top and a plastic measuring scoop to get it right.<br /><br />One can will make 3 quarts of milk.
I really do not know what the issue is with this goat milk. My one year old daughter has suffered horrible constipation since switching to cow milk on her birthday. After a month of us both suffering (because I had to help it along if you get my drift), I switched her to goat milk. After 2 days, she was passing perfectly soft stools. The goat milk definitely cured her of the constipation, but each can I open seems to be different. Sometimes when I reconsitute it, I know right away that it is going to taste terrible because the smell is so strong. Other cans, I hardly notice it. She will not drink the bad-smelling milk, and when I have tried it, I have nearly vomitted! Majorly salty and gamey tasting.<br />Compared to fresh (Meyenberg from the fridge section of grocery store), well, it really doesn't compare. I have found the fresh to taste sweet, like cream, and then there is a little gamey after-taste, but nothing like the slap-you-in-the-face taste of the powdered. I was hoping to save money with the powdered, but since it is a 50/50 chance she won't drink certain cans, I am really wasting money. I am thinking I will have to stick with the fresh from now on.<br />If anyone has any ideas about what the difference between cans could be, I would love to hear it! I always have prepared it with Britta-filtered water (warmed on the stove) and mixed it up in pyrex, then stored it in a large Ball jar in fridge. (I know I should prob call the company and talk to them, but that would require me to actually remember to do it at a time that they are open and I am able - never happens!!)Thanks!
I used Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk with my first litter of pups five years ago, and was very pleased with it, so made sure to stock up before my second litter was born.  I supplement the mother's food with it, and mix it with ground puppy food to make a puppy gruel to transition the pups to puppy food.  The pups and their mother seem to love it, and have suffered no digestive problems at all.  It dissolves quickly in warm water and is convenient and easy to store.  I recommend it as a nutritional supplement for nursing mothers and pups both.
My almost-two-year-old is allergic to cow's milk, so we give him a mixture of goat's milk and rice milk.  Liquid goat's milk is expensive, at least where I live, so we switched to the powdered form a few months ago.  I don't drink milk, but my son seems to like it okay.  Goat's milk products have a distinct flavor that you either love or hate; I love it in goat cheese and goat butter, but my wife hates it.  Judge for yourself!
This is the best stuff going for a child that is unable to drink formula or soy milk. I used it for my son when he was a baby. I started him on it when he was about 3 months old, because of allergies and his doctor said to leave him on the soy milk even though it was causing him much discomfort. I couldn't just let my son suffer and took it upon myself to put him on goats milk and ended up with a healthy kid and a doctor who was also a convert!
My son is sensitive to cows milk protein and I am trying to keep him off of soy.  My milk was not enough for him, and I did not like the ingredients in baby formula (all had soy and most have cows milk protein, not to mention 45% corn syrup solids).  My pediatrician recommended this powdered goats milk because they add folate (not normally found in goats milk).  Since I have been feeding my son this milk, he has been SO happy and growing so much better! Have not had to add any vitamins/supplements to it to make it a whole food, it is fine on its own. Although, I have been using organic brown rice cereal because he is getting close to being ready for solids.  LOVE this milk! (always consult your doctor before changing your babies diet)
Our little baby girl battled colic and reflux for nearly 6 weeks. She was unable to sleep because her little belly hurt - she would be 90% asleep when she would arch her back ad then scream in pain. Baby, mommy, and daddy were all miserable. After going through all the brands of formula (including <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ARPKE4">Similac Alimentum Hypoallergenic Formula, Powder, Case of 6 Cans- each 1 lb (454 g)</a>) the doctor finally put her on goat's milk and Prilosec. I am not sure which was the bigger influence, but the quality of our lives is now significantly better.<br /><br />  The nice thing about the Meyenberg Goat Milk is that is easy to prepare just like regular formula. Liquid goat's milk must be kept in the refrigerator and must be warmed ... not too big of a deal except for those 3am feedings! Another nice thing about the Meyenberg powdered milk is that folic acid is added. Remember that if you choose to give goat's milk to your baby that you will need to give some supplemental vitamins. Our daughter seems to enjoy the taste - and as a bonus it does not have the nasty smell of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ARPKE4">Similac Alimentum Hypoallergenic Formula, Powder, Case of 6 Cans- each 1 lb (454 g)</a>.<br /><br />Final Verdict - So far... great... let's hope it continues!<br /><br />5 Stars
We have been using Meyenberg's powdered goat milk for several years.  We used to buy their milk in cartons at Walmart and it was good.  The only problem was that we live so far from a Walmart store that we would run out of goat's milk between trips.  We decided to try the powdered and found that it mixes and stays mixed very well and tastes exactly like the liquid milk in the cartons.  Of course it stores easily and indefinitely and we highly recommend it to anyone who wants or has to drink goats milk.
My 14 month old daughter can not tolerate cows milk or soy. While she was an infant, she had to drink Nutramigen formula and would only drink maybe 4 oz at a time. Once she turned a year old, and I began giving her Meyenberg goat's milk, she began to guzzle it! She loves it so much! She now consistently drinks 8-12 ounces at a time!<br /><br />I mix one can (powdered) at a time, which makes approx. one gallon. We go through about a gallon every 2 days!<br /><br />This milk is such a blessing! We highly recommend it! Amazon has the best price, too. It's so much more convenient and less expensive to purchase it on here and have it delivered to us rather than make countless (and expensive) trips to the health food store.
My daughter is allergic to soy & cow's milk, but tolerated goat milk very well. She has been drinking it since she was 12 months. It's nice having a powder so we can take it with us when we are on the go. There is more information about the milk itself on the meyenberg website. After looking over the website, I felt confident that goat milk would meet my daughter's nutritional needs.
My three-year-old daughter has been drinking this brand of goat milk for the last 2 years because she is dairy intolerant.  This is a great product. Easy to carry (because it's a powder) and mix it when you need it.  And, this is an awesome price. $10.00 less than I usually pay for three cans.
I must be the odd man out here...but this powdered goat milk is horrible!  My 18 month old son is allergic to dairy and soy, hence the reason for goat milk.  We were going on vacation for two weeks, and I was afraid there would not be any source of goat milk at that destination. Being he drinks almost a quart a day of regular liquid goat milk I purchase from Trader Joe's, I figured I would go for the gusto and buy a two weeks supply for him. It smelled horrible and more importantly tasted horrible! Words cannot even describe how disgusting this stuff was.  My poor son almost threw up from tasting it which prompted me to smell it.  It smelled so bad, I couldn't even taste it myself.  Maybe we're just used to the regular brand he drinks?  My only advice, try a small amount first.  It is not returnable!!!
This goat's milk has been a godsend for our granddaughter who seemed to get sick on every formula we tried.  The goat milk with a little coconut oil and extra DHA became a fantastic infant formula.  Once she started using the goat milk, almost all of her "issues" resolved themselves.  Her skin cleared up completely and her scalp didn't look all scaly and dry.  She looked like the perfect child we knew her to be!  She's now 7 months and has been using it since she's a month old.  She has been growing beautifully and perfectly on this powdered goat milk.  The powder is very convenient too.  Twenty years ago my nephew used goat milk in place of cow's milk and also did great!  His allergies also became a thing of the past.  All I can say is this is an excellent product!
I purchased this product in the hope of utilizing it to produce yogurt. The yogurt produced by this product was very thin and could not be thickened using only culture.<br /><br />From the producers website<br /><br />"Note:  Goat milk yogurt is very thin, almost like kefir. For a thicker consistency, add 1 packet of unflavored gelatin dissolved in some of the scalded goat milk...."<br /><br />The product has a distinct aroma. Not terrible, but was stronger than comparable fresh goat milk. The flavor of the milk was only acceptable.<br /><br />In a pinch this product will suffice, however; I would not personally recommend it for regular consumption.
I tried the condensed version and thought it was horrible so was concerned that I would not like the powdered either.  Before I tried the powdered I had some of the fresh from my grocery store and really liked it.  As it turns out, this is quite the same as the fresh and about 60% cheaper.<br /><br />We are switching because both of my kids had ear infections galore and now sinus infections galore.  One was always constipated and still is to a certain extent.  And one is showing signs of hyperactivity, which some believe may be related to a food allergy (such as cow's milk).  So I figured better safe than sorry and am switching the whole family.
I don't know how people could say this doesn't smell or taste bad. It is horrible!! I was getting raw goat's milk for quite a while and when we moved it wasn't available. The fresh raw milk was delicious and mild and did not have that gamey odor and flavor that this milk has. Maybe some people don't mind the taste, maybe some acquire a taste for it, and maybe some even like it, but I think it is vile. If you like the taste of the goat's milk cheese in stores, then you may like this, if not, stay far, far away!
My kids enjoy this goat milk product with their cereal and I use it for cooking as well.  Although I haven't tried many goat milk products this one is easy since I make what I need.  Therefore there is little waste.  It is also easy to pack and take when traveling.  Overall, I recommend this product.
The last shipment I received, when preparing the milk there were black specks or particles in it. It was in two out of the three containers. I don't even know if it was in the first can i used. This was the first time it's happened and I've been using goats milk for my daughter since December 2011 and she loves it. Plus it didn't constipated her like whole cow's milk. Now I'm leary about buying another batch as it may contain this stuff again.
My little girl (6 months) can't stomach any formula.  Even Nutramigen, at $35 per can made her colicky and sick (accompanied with the worst smelling spit up).  The expensive formulas smelled bad, and tasted worse, I hated giving them to her.  Goats milk was recommended to me.  Her doctor's only objection was that it was low in Folic Acid and tended to dehydrate babies.  Well, Meyenberg Powdered Milk  is fortified with Folic Acid, so dilute it with a little extra water and you're in business!  I now have the happiest infant you've ever seen.  Enfamil can take that nasty chemical soup they call formula and shove it, I'll never go back.<br /><br />You can get the formula Recipe at:<br />[...]<br /><br />There have been concerns about arsenic in rice syrup lately, so I have been using Lyle's Golden Syrup, and she likes it fine (Also it's the best pancake syrup you'll ever have).  I am going to try barley malt syrup next, it is chemically more similar to rice syrup.
i get horrible gas, stomach pain and loose stools if I drink a glass of cow milk or eat in cereal. I have tried lactase pills and special milk with no results.<br /><br /> I use this instead and have none of those symptoms.  Measure into your mixing bowl, cup, pitcher, etc. and SLOWLY mix in HOT water. As soon as it's paste, you can add cold water.  Doing it this way prevents clumping.<br /><br />I like it and add JUST A TOUCH of sugar or other sweetner & kids can't tell the difference between this and cow milk.  I use 1 TBS of unsulphured, blackstrap molasses per 16oz milk. It turns the milk light brown (think iced coffee) but my family doesn't mind. We like the way it tastes and appreciate the extra iron, calcium and potassium from the molasses (has to be unsulphured, blackstrap). This type has only 11g carbs per TBSP. I use slighty less powder than recommended (3 scoops for 16oz instead of the recommended 4). This helps to weaken the goat flavor.
We bought this after reading about it on Dr. Sear's website. Our son has had no problems at all with the formula, we add brown rice syrup per our pediatricians recommendation (to add calories) Our son was a preemie, and was EBF for the first 7 months until stress from work affected milk production. Our son took to the goats milk right away, we mixed the first couple bottles with breastmilk until we knew he had no digestive issues with it, then were able to give him goats milk by itself. The goats milk smells and tastes better when warm than cold. I grew up on goats milk myself, so the taste doesn't bother me, but my husband isn't crazy about. Good thing our son loves it, because that's what really counts! It's 1/3 the cost of convential (cow's milk based) formula and is easier for tiny tummies to digest. It's a win-win all around!
My son recently had a stomach virus that gave him temporary lactose intolerance.  Buying fresh goat's milk in the dairy section is very expensive compared to organic cow's milk, but most of the milk alternatives don't have enough fat and too much sugar for growing toddlers.  This powdered goat's milk was a great solution.  It is easy to mix with my formula pitcher, even using cold filtered water, and the taste is very good.  My son likes it as much as he did his regular milk.  This item is hard for me to find locally, so I was glad to see it on Amazon through S&S.  I plan on keeping this in my pantry from now on in case his intolerance comes back or I run short of regular milk.
My baby has had digestive issues from birth. At 12 months I put her on this product and immediately saw improvement.  It didn't take long for her to accept it either.  I found a recipe on the Dr. Sears website for making goats milk formula for infants and would have tried it when she was younger. TIP: This powder doesn't dissolve in water as easily as regular formula. Make a days worth of milk ahead of time and use a wire wisk to mix it.
I give this milk to my son...we are experimenting with different milks.<br /><br />The pros- the boy seems to really enjoy his goat's milk and doesn't seem to know the difference between the kind we get in the refrigerated section of our grocery store and the powdered variety.  It's nice for those emergencies when your local grocery runs out of those few quarts of goat's milk it carries.  It was also good for traveling to grandma's and not wanting to take a cooler to store the milk.<br /><br />The cons- it mixes very clumpy unless you use really warm water to mix it.  Even then you have to stir, stir, stir to get the lumps out. Also, once you open it, it has a limited shelf life, must be because of all of the fat...if your intent was to open it up and use every once in awhile until it runs out, this product is not for you.
I have been so happy with this product!  My baby girl has always had a sensitive tummy, up late hours w/ pains and crying with nothing to sooth her.  I finally found this product, our natropath suggested it.  My daughter loves it and it really helped her tummy!  Now, I wont giver her any other formula.  It organic and difficult to find at local stores in my area.  I found amazon to have the best price and its easy to have it delivered to the door.  Id suggest this formula to anyone!
we love the powdered goat milk taking the place of regular formula! raw goat milk is one of the closest and most nurishing milk to give a baby other then breastmilk, and when we cant get raw milk we go with powdered! it sits well in his belly and digest great! he loves loves loves it!!! i have used this milk for all 4 of my boys and it has proven to be the best formula EVER!!!! would highly recommend to anyone for their baby unless of course you can get the fresh stuff!!LOL
my daughter who is 8 months old is on this meyenberg goats milk from 6 months... all i can say is she is an entirely different baby now.<br />She was a colicky baby, severe eczema flares now and then (inflammation and oozing most of the time) .. doctors asked me to try different<br />hypoallergenic formulas which she refused to take just a table spoon in her regular formula.. I gave up hope that she would ever change her formula.<br />in the process i was reading about goats milk and its various benefits. I spoke to the dietitian gastro doc and her pediatrician but none of them agreed<br />that i should feed her the goats milk because it is not nutritionally good for the baby. I was very upset because all i knew was my daughter has cow's milk allergy<br />and she was been fed cows milk despite of the fact it was making her colicky, making her skin worse day by day and she has severe reflux problems. I decided to try this<br />product and luckily i was able to find it in whole foods.. made one bottle and gave it to my daughter while she was asleep. to my surprise she drank it all and she slept<br />good for straight two to three hours which never happened in the last 5 months. though she did not liked the taste later and i had to give her with the ratio of one ounce<br />goats milk to five oz enfamil, now she is doing 5 oz of goats milk to one oz of enfamil. What a dramatic change<br />No Colic, beteer Skin with no oozing or hyper inflammation (i sometimes apply on her milder inflammation 0.5% cortisone)she is still on pepcid for her reflux but she is doing<br />better where as her spitting is concerened alomost 0 spitting (before she use to keep on puking now and then). I look at her and thank God for making me decide on this product<br />as she is a Happy baby now. i can only imagine better for her what will she be like when completely on the goats milk. I have to supplement her with the multi vitamins.<br />I took her recently to her pediatrician, her GI their exact words (her skin has never been this good before)the dietitian is working on my daughter's diet plan to make sure<br />she gets all the nutrients which are essential for a growing baby...<br />I did not wanted to make the trips to the whole foods everytime and pay a higher price for this product when Amazon is selling on a great price of 3 cans.. the shipping is free<br />and the package arrives right on time before i am out of the stock ( you need to order this product before a week so u never run out of it) The packaging is good and the cans are not<br />damaged or dented.<br />Great product<br />Excellent providers Amazon
I like this milk powder.  My boys cannot drink cow milk and fresh goat milk can be hard to get.  This does not get all clumpy in the can like some powdered milks and is easy to mix up IF you use WARM water per the directions.  It has a nice taste, much better than canned and just as good as fresh.  It has been very useful for traveling as you can mix up a cup or two at a time as needed.
we have been using this stuff for our baby for three years and she loves it.
My kids do not like the goat milk straight, but are both intolerant to milk. my solution is to add a little of the mixed goat milk to vanilla flavored soy milk. Why would I do this, you ask? I read that dairy products are the best form of calcium you can get, dairy and broccoli. Enriched products, like soy milk, are okay sources, but not as good as the real deal. So I mix the two together to make sure my kids get the best possible calcium intake they can. They wouldn't drink it just so though so improvised. This company is great! Cow's milk is just not good for people! Goat milk is infinitely better. I use to make their mac and cheese and things like that too. They can stand the little bit of lactose in the cheese powder, and by using the goat milk, you can't even tell there is anything different about the dish. very useful.
I started using goat milk when my daughter was 1 because she did not digest cow's milk that well. This product is great, has equal or more nutrition than cow's milk, has a good flavor, just slightly different than cow's milk,is easy to digest and best of all the powder form is great if you are on the go, I don't have to worry about it spoiling I just mix and give it to my daughter.
Goat milk is very good for the digestive system.  Fortunately, it performs many functions that the medical world is not aware of.  I can remember in the 40's, my father curing his ulcers with goat milk.  He lived until the ripe old age of 94.  I have friends who have discarded Rx and over-the counter products, in favor of goat milk to solve their digestive problems.<br /><br />Even though regular goat milk lasts long in the refrigerator, powered goat milk lasts longer, and is easily made when you need it.  Plus, with the powder, you can customize the quality of the product to your taste.<br /><br />It's good for you and to you.
This is by far the best tasting thing that's come from a goat in years! Bullsburg Creamery, Man Chowder Dairy or Goat Coat can't hold a candle to this stuff. Drink it, bake it, snort it...it's all good.
It's OK,but it is not as good as Meyenberg's fresh goatmilk in the carton.It sort of has a waters down taste.!
When I was young, my mom owned a couple goats that gave our family fresh milk.  Recently, I discovered Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk and was surprised to find out that it tastes just like the fresh goat's milk I remember.  It even has the thick cream layer fresh milk has.<br /><br />However, it would be awesome if the product came in larger cans.  I ended up emptying the 12-ounce can rather quickly because I used my large Blender Bottle to mix three cups at a time, and this, unfortunately, depleted one can of powdered milk in record time (one can makes 12 cups liquid).
After my doctors told me that I needed to supplement with formula and stop breastfeeding as much because my daughter did not gain enough weight, i knew I did not want to use fomula. I found this goats milk and it not only helped her gain the weight she needed but it did not give her any GI upset. This was a god send and my 11 month old is still just as happy as when she was breasfteeding. She does not mind the taste and loves her bottles!!!
My one year old daughter drinks this every day and she loves it! I haven't accustomed myself to the "gamey" taste as other reviewers call it, but I'm thrilled that she is getting a whole fatted milk, free of hormones and overflowing with nutrition. Get 'em started early!
I've given up on cows milk products....it interferes with my digestion, creates constipation and gas.  I decided to try this powdered goats milk because I remembered that my parents told me that I was allergic to cows milk when I was a baby and they gave me goats milk instead, but then switched me to cows milk when I was old enough to tolerate it.  I wish they had left me on the goats milk growing up because I find that my body tolerates it much better, and I think I would have been healthier as a child growing up if I'd had goats milk instead of cows milk.<br /><br />I use it to make my own kefir, yogurt, custards and whatever else I need milk for.  I was a bit dubious when I first bought it....I didn't know if I would like the taste of it or not, but....I love the taste and the smell of it.  Mmmmmm.....Yum. The taste at first reminded me a tiny bit of the flavor of lamb.....and I love lamb....but this taste is so slight that it's not noticable in kefir (which makes the most delicious pancakes), or yogurt or in custard or any other baked goods.  I like the taste and smell of this goats milk better than cows milk.<br /><br />I also like the powdered milk because I can make it up a cup at a time or a quart at a time, as I need it, and never have to worry about having to store it in the refrigerator or it going bad or spoiling.  It's very convenient.<br /><br />It takes a few minutes for it to dissolve and be absorbed into warm water when first mixing it, but once it is all dissolved in the water, I can't tell the difference between this powdered milk and fresh milk.  It dissolves and mixes quickest in a blender.
I love to feed my kids goats milk. But to buy it fresh from the farm is so expensive, so this is a great substitute. I started my kids on this when I stopped nursing and they've loved it ever since. They eat it in their cereal and drink it straight from the cup. I think goats milk is the next best thing to breast milk!
my daughter is allergic to all dairy and cannot have all the extra iron they pump into the poisness formulas that they say are sooo healthy for your babies growth. this goats milk gives her all the nutrients that she needs. i would suggest to any mother even if the baby is not allergic to dairy.
We started with fresh goats milk and after 2 weeks transitioned to this product.  I prepare it with warm water in the blender and add some strawberry flavoring.  My son (17 months) loves it.  Very easy to prepare, and compared to baby formula - VERY reasonable in price.
The flavor is very good. 45 seconds in the microwave and one measure of this milk and you are done (stir). I can noticed the difference between the whole milk from cow and this goat milk...it is much much better to digest.
After shopping around, this is by far the best deal on powdered goat's milk.
This product is very easy to use and is good for people (and pets) that are lactose intolerant.  I use it as a treat for my ferrets and they love it!  It can help sick ferrets feel better and gain weight.  Thank you for offering something so easy to use!
Too bad this stuff in general ranks high on the inflammation triggering foods.  I'm trying to follow a low inflammation diet.  I do love the taste of goats milk.  It's very rich and creamy.  The liquid is better than the powder.
El gastroenterologo pediatra recomendo este tipo de leche para mis hijos, ya que las demas formulas lacteas le causaban una alergia que les hacia vomitar.
I use this in combination with Baby's Only formula for my daughter. Unfortunately, due to illness, my milk production took a plunge when she was 5 months old. Although, it breaks my heart that I can only nurse a little, I feel better using goat's milk (easy for baby belly's to digest). I add Baby's Only so she gets the vital nutrients she needs. If you are looking to supplement your child, consider using raw local goat's milk (if you are lucky enough to have it around). This stuff is great.
This product is the best choice for adding calcium+vitD and protein in your diet. Cow's milk gives me stomach trouble whereas this doesn't. I drink it regularly myself. I also add the powder in my home-made baby food for my son starting around 6 months. Powdered form has an additional benefit. You can reconstitute it into whatever concentration you'd like. Yum!
We've been using Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk for our little girl since she was 6 months of age.  My wife and I love this product.  We opted not to feed our child any formula milk out there.  My wife breastfeeds and due to low breast milk production, we also feed our child goats milk.  Dr. Sears has an awesome web page on info about goats milk and it's uses for babies.
I have been drinking this powdered goat milk for years! It is the best no after taste with all the immune boosting benefits! I have an 8mos. Old and plan to feed him this starting on his first birthday, I cannot wait! My husband grew up on goat milk and has the best immunity! This is so easy to digest within 20 minutes vs. cow milk which takes more than 24 hrs.!<br /><br />Above all it tastes so DELISH!!!!! YUMMMY!<br /><br />amazon truly has unbelievable price! luv my Amazon:)
This is a great price for powdered goat milk. At the local health food store (the only place in town that carries goat milk), I buy just one of these cans for $15. $20 for three cans is the best price I've found!<br /><br />I use goat milk for my children, when they are in the process of weaning, and as long as they want it. It is so much healthier than formula because, well, it's not soy or dairy based, and has no chemicals and added vitamins that try to mimic breastmilk. Goat milk is more similar to breastmilk than dairy, so is much easier for humans to digest than cow milk. I find it to be a great alternative for babies as they adjust, or for those who cannot tolerate dairy.<br /><br />For warm bottles for my 14-month-old, I just heat water on the stove, then pour it into her glass bottle with a scoop of goat milk. Shake it up and she has her favorite drink (Other than momma's milk, of course)!
Works well instead of formula or soy milk for my daughters bottle. Easy to mix as long as water is warmed. And she loves the taste! Plus much more affordable than buying goat milk cartons in the store.
The kids like to drink, drinking a can of the fast.If the formula is better.and...But to shake to mix evenly.
Others may have a different experience. We were using this as a supplement to mother's milk because mother's milk just did not seem to provide enough fat / protein for baby to gain weight. Problem, although stated that Goat's milk is easier to digest, we found that once we mixed the goat milk with mother's milk, she ate more infrequently and got constipated with indegestion. We had bought this to help with digestion, as Formula is based on cow's milk. This goat's milk seemed to have the opposite effect on our baby, and she didn't gain weight. Also, the taste isn't so great.<br /><br />We can use it as back up, in case we don't have milk in the fridge. So, it's OK, but I probably won't buy again.
We wanted to use milk that was lactose free and close to breast milk.  We began using this milk to supplement my breast milk and we now use it full time.  My baby has never had an allergic reaction to it and he doesn't spit up.  It's gentle on his stomach and Amazon has it at an inexpensive price.  I would suggest this milk to any parent that prefers something different than cow's milk.
The can looks just like the pic and it really helped my son with his constipation. I love it and he started drinking it with no problem at 2-3months old!!! Love it
Now that my LO is exclusively formula fed, I use it once a day to supplement his feeds. He took to it after the first two feeds and now likes it very much. The only problem i had was with the powder- it doesn't blend well or instantly, but great product none the less
we used to get this from our local grocery store for our 10month baby girl but it was $2 more a can and with prime there is no shipping charges as well as no taxes YAY!our baby loves this and it really has cut down on her spitting up.
Our QH mare gave birth to a beautiful Clydesdale/Quarter Horse cross colt 3 weeks ago. It was her first baby and not only did she reject him, but she attacked him. Then he was attacked by a dog because his mother was not protecting him. He spent the first 7 days of his life in an equine neonatal intensive care unit. Regular mare's milk replacer gave him diarrhea, so they added goats milk, which stopped the diarrhea. When we brought him home, we looked for a constant source of goat milk to add to his formula. The Meyenberg powdered goat milk works great! We add it to his formula and he loves it. Even better, he is able to digest his milk better and is thriving. Thank you Amazon and Meyenberg for a product that helped to save our foal's life.
I don't like non-organic dairy, but this stuff comes close. Goats are not given steroids or hormones as far as i know. the taste is usually very consistent, but it does take some getting used to. the powder mixes very well, and it is handy when on the road and need to mix a protein shake. It improves the taste of protein shakes and that's my favorite thing about this. very recommended.
Excellent stuff! My baby is allergic to dairy and soy.<br />This is the only formula she could tolerate. It<br />smells but she loves it! When they are under a year<br />old you add brown rice syrup to give more calories.<br />Then you gradually wean them off of the brown<br />syrup so by the time they are a year they are drinking<br />straight goats milk.
My 5mo daughter has a severely sensitive stomach associated to an iron intolerance. She's been formula fed since the beginning due to my personal choice. I went through 8 different commerical milk-based and soy-based formulas. A good friend of ours suggested goat's milk. Her nephew was a failure to thrive baby and the ONLY formula he didn't throw up was Goat's Milk. I can easily find the liquid Goat's Milk at our local grocery store. Unfortunately, I have yet to come across the powder at said grocery store. I was home visiting my parents and was in search of the liquid, but found the powder. Strange that a smaller grocery store in a much smaller metropolitian area would have the powder versus a very large grocery store in the US's 4th largest metropolitian who just has the liquid.<br /><br />Anyways, after 8 weeks of trial & error, we have a very happy 5mo baby. I wish would have found this milk earlier.<br />I added a mixture of goat's milk and pulp-free, plain coconut water into my daughter's feedings and it not only has cleaned her system out, but has stopped the colic, vomiting, reflux, constipation AND to replace her electrolytes. Again, I will repeat. Lower iron content equals happier, calmer baby. We still have the lingering green poops compliments of the iron oxidation; however, the iron tolerance has been greatly minimized. No colic, no vomiting, no reflux and no constipation. She has one bottle of coconut water/goat's milk every day just to keep the GI tract from metabolizing the excess iron proteins and to replace her ever so important electrolytes. Ironically, she actually takes this formula mixture better than the traditional formulas!!
I use this for my twins and they love it, never had any problems. I just wish it were cheaper!
Wonderful product! I began to use it for my daughter who was about to turn a year old. She took it with no problems! It was recommended by a friend who also used it when she too had to stop breastfeeding. Much better for a child in my eyes. I had tried a formula sample I had received in the mail- it left a greasy film in the bottle... gross. This does not! My daughter will drink it warm or cold- so easy for on the go as well. The canned was a bit harsh and she wasn't into it.. it tastes like a goat smells- this just has a suttle hint of goat. LoL
I use goat milk for everything.  I use it to replace cow milk in all my recipes and for coffee and it works well for me.  The price is great!  Highly recommend it.
Decent price...arrived on time.  No complaints here.  We will continue to purchase this item.<br />My daughter loves her "goat milk".  :)
I use this to make goat milk yogurt.  Very tasty.<br />Needs to be well stirred, but well worth the time.
I have been exclusively breat feeding my son, so when the 6 month mark came up and had to introduce solids I was nervous. I knew breastmilk was the best thing to mix cereal with, but I really didnt want to mess with the hassel of pumping! I tried whole milk (ok per pediatrician), which made him so fussy :-(, then water, he wouldn't eat it. Then I did actually try some breastmilk I had frozen from the early weeks of nursing, he still refused it! I then heard on the Dr. Oz show that goats milk is most like breat milk and thats what brought me to this product! I was so happy to find this product for him, he eats his cereal with no problems now and absolutly no tummy problems either :-) No pumping and no formula needed! Couldn't ask for anything better! Highly reccomended!
This stuff is fantastic.  My little girl loves it and it gives me the piece of mind knowing that I am not feeding her a huge amount of sugar with mainstream formulas.  Not to mention the other things they have found in them recently.  This is the closest thing to mothers milk.  If your baby spits up a lot you should definitely try this stuff.  My little girl hasn't spit up since I switched ever.  Love it.  Just wish I could buy even more at a time.
I started my son on this powdered milk and he transitioned easily from breast milk without any problems.  I use a gallon container and mix the whole can (3 quarts) at once with luke warm water and it works out perfectly. I really like this company and their product and love that this milk is also Vit D fortified.  Once my son gets older and he consumes less milk we will transition to the fresh goat milk, since right now it doesn't fit in our budget.
My daughter is sensitive to cow's milk so we tried Goat milk and it works well. Amazon is the cheapest place to purchase this stuff! The powder sometimes has a hard time mixing with the water.  But not too bad.  Recommend to anyone needing a healthy alternative to cow's milk.
In a world toxic from factory farming, unnatural additives/feed (mad cow anyone?) making sick cows (RBGh and pus in the milk) I avoid any dairy not from grass-fed cows. If you shop organic, you know how expensive this is for animal products.So far as I know, goat dairy is free from these evils.<br /><br />I tried goat products after reading a couple books on natural diet and healing by Dr Jordan Rubin. "The Maker's Diet" is good, but the protocols repetitive, and he is of course promoting his products he designed to recover from Crohn's. Coconut oil and goat milk were important for reasons you need to read yourself. Anyhow, it helped me, improve my health too.I find I have less congestion, allergies, and sinus problems.<br /><br />The "goaty" flavor can be overcome by a gradual switchover mixing some goat milk into whatever milk you use - be it cow's, soy, rice. After a while you will not notice it much, then you may like it! I bet after a month or two of no cow's milk, you will taste "cowy" flavor in it. Our tastebuds change.<br /><br />I like both the evaporated and powdered milks. My cats do too - and it has been okay for feeding a sick cat who couldn't manage solid food.<br /><br />I am going to make some cultured goat milk products, since yogurt is over $2 a plastic cup in Ohio. Maybe cheese will be next - goat farmers cheese? mmm.
It is a very nice milk powder. I don't have any allergies in particular but I am genetically lactose intolerant. If I have more than 2 glasses of milk in a day, my stomach will feel all acidic. I don't face that same problem with this milk. I drink this over the liquid one sold at stores because this has more value for money and has got folic acid in it. Be warned though, if you don't like the smell of goat meat, you might not particularly like this since it has a bit of that smell. It mixes very well with hot water and not so well with normal water. Despite all of that, I love it and use it to make my milkshake.
My 15 month old has been on this for 3 months and loves it.<br />It is easy to make,(you do have to shake it a bit when you make it).<br />we add probiotics to it, for a little extra immune boosting and it<br />works great as a substitute for milk.<br />our naturalpathic doc tells us this is easier on the toddlers digestive<br />system and may even aid in less ear infections.<br />so far so good!<br />amazon has the best deal we could find also!
This is a really good source for goats milk. I found this online at Amazon and it is the least expensive price I've found. I order it regularly.
I am very pleased with my recent purchase of Meyeberg powdered goat milk.  I have shopped around locally and this is by far the best price per can I could find.  It was delivered as promised.
We put this (in powdered form) on our dogs' food as a supplement (according to breeder instructions) with great results.  It sort of stinks, but the dogs love it and they're both better eaters with it than without.
Excellent service. Goat milk is delivered in premium condition.I will continue to order online. Thank you.
My son is allergic to cow's milk, and this is a great nutritious alternative!  Plus, it's more like breastmilk.
This is a great price, and easy way to purchase powdered goats milk.  The cheapest I've found, and the quickest shipping I've ever experienced from Amazon.
This is the best alternative to cows milk for the first 2 years.  My daughter loves it and it is easier for her to digest and has been known to lesson the occurance of certain allergies in children in given in place of whole milk that is recommended up 'til age 2.  This is my second child that I am using it with and I love it and so do they.
We love this product. We've also got our little grandbaby hooked on it, when she comes to visit. She's now 2. We feel more comfortable with her drinking goat milk than cow's milk - much easier to digest. Love that Meyenberg.  Sometimes, though, we find better prices elsewhere on the Internet.
Thanks a-lot for the Review Starflakes.  We haven't made ice cream with it yet, we will be trying it.  Our daughter is now 3, and is also allergic to cows milk and soy.  We found it works well in recipes that can support the heavy cream or buttermilk flavor, like pancakes and mashed potatoes.<br /><br />To the person with the bad review, We had a lot of trouble transitioning to other milks.  We currently mix the whole can plus a quart of fresh milk to make a gallon and a half (weaker concentration than suggested).  Our daughter also demands that we heat it to at least lukewarm (45 sec in microwave).  I thank starflakes again for the explanation that it does taste better warm.<br /><br />We will also sometimes add in a pint of goat yogurt in our blend (usually to the half gallon portion).  We bought a few cans of the condensed for emergency use, when we tried to use the can on a trip, she wouldn't drink it (though we didn't have the normal to blend it with).<br /><br />Even blending it with a quart of fresh milk, we go through 2-3 cans a week, and started buying it by the case when our local store couldn't keep up with our demand, even then we frequently buy them out waiting for the next case.  Hopefully the online supply is more reliable in addition to costing less.
I do not drink cow milk and was on soy which was sinking me further into estrogen dominance.  Remembering that I had liked goat milk when I had the opportunity to drink it fresh from the goat in my home country.  I started to do some research online to see if it would be a good substitute and what do you know, it was.  Yes it is not fresh straight from the goat milk, but being able to have it again has been a blessing.  Thank you Mayenberg for both the powdered and evaporated milk.  Thank you Amazon for offering it a price that is not breaking my purse.
I don't find the taste of this goat milk very pleasing if mixed to use in liquid form; I've had fresh goat milk and frankly, this does not come anywhere close even with reasonable expectations because of the powered form. It does however have its use in my kitchen in baked goods where the flavor even if slightly sour can be of use. Certain bread, pancakes and the like do very well if I add this mix instead of other milks or water. Good to have in the pantry for those "just-in case" days.
My baby is allergic to cow's milk and this is so much cheaper and better than the hypoallergenic formula.  He loves this stuff!
Arrived in good condition, looks like well-made cans. Tastes nice, and I would love to use this product, but unfortunately, i got an allergic reaction from it.
I've been drinking/using the fresh Goat's milk for years. I've recently bought the dry milk<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5DZTS">Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk, Vitamin D, 12-Ounce Cans (Pack of 3)</a> in hope of saving a little money. It does taste a little powdery. I can't drink it straight, where I used to with the fresh. I noticed on the Amazon page where it says....customers who bought this also bought....evaporated goat's milk<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EY5COG">Meyenberg Evaporated Goat Milk, 12-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>. I'm wondering if this makes it creamier or taste better. I hope to get some feedback from those who have tried combining the two and what quantity of dry to what quantity of evaporated? I'm trying not to give up on the dry yet.<br />Thank you, Vicki
This stuff apparently has a shelf life of many weeks, even after opening. And it tastes ok in tea and coffee, once you get used to it, which is more than I can say for soy milk.<br /><br />But, I give it just 4 stars because it's so hard to mix. Now, if they added some modern chemicals to allow easier mixing, even if it caused an allergic reaction, I still wouldn't vote for Newt Gingrich.
THE CAN DOES NOT SAY "NO ANTIBIOTICS". I called the company and asked why the can does not say this.  First, she tells me that THEY HAVE NO ANTIBIOTICS BUT the FDA won't allow them to put it on their can.  I said "lots of companies put no antibiotics on their label".  Then she said we are making a new label.  I felt a definate flippant attitude.  I felt like she just wanted me to get off the phone.<br /><br />Well, I just canceled my autoship for their goat milk. I am now looking for another goat milk that puts "no antibiotics" on their label.  I know that there are some good goat milk companies that do this.
This is great for a quick, easy, versatile dessert when you don't want to heat up the oven. Although it doesn't taste exactly like cheesecake, it's a pretty good cheesecake-like dessert for the price. I like to make the mini-cheesecakes suggested on the box and top them with fruit. One note of caution: Amazon's cost per box is a little high. In this pack of 12, each box of mix costs about $2.30, but a box costs around $1.80 in my local Target. So, I recommend this product, and I suggest buying it at a local store.
I love this product. It is so easy to make and it's done in minutes. It has a great flavor, and I love that there are so many packs because as soon as you finish one you want another.
This Cheesecake is easy to make and easy to love!  I love to bake but don't always have the time to start a cheesecake from scratch when I need one.  It's easy to make this unique with adding swirled chocolate sauce or cherries to decorate...I like making the mini ones, people can pick one up and devour!
Love this because 1. it is easy to make<br />  2. You get a good amount for your money!
I love Jell-o No Bake Cheesecake but was disappointed the shelf life was so short. I got it after Christmas and the expiration date was April 8,2011.  Had I known that before I ordered I would have never ordered.  12 boxes is a lot to use up in only 3 months. I will not order again.
$136 for 12 boxes?<br /><br />Is this a rare item?<br /><br />That's $11.33 a box.<br /><br />I think the item might be a bit overpriced.
I'm rather conflicted about this product. Granted, it does taste like actual chrysanthemum tea (like the ones you get at dim sum places) when brewed hot, however it tastes bad when iced and mixed with sugar. It doesn't taste like chrysanthemum tea at all once it's iced and combined with sugar. The tea is enjoyable hot without sugar but it is way too light. I need to double or triple the recommended amount of blossoms to get a decent amount of flavor and by then I'm pretty much done with the entire canister. Too pricey for me.
chrysanthemum tea taste great with lemons and Apriva. chrysanthemum tea is caffeine free that's great for pregnant women and those with high blood pressure.
After recently having a chance to try out all the flavors of these brand new David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans, I have to say the Pomegranate is by far my favorite. The flavor is just perfect. Sweet, but not too sweet. Not tart or overpowering in flavor. It's mild and the taste is just right. The beans appearance is even beautiful! With their rich red color and shine, they look like little glistening rubies that catch the light. You can even taste the difference in how these are made using natural ingredients and coloring. They actually have a fresh taste to them. Not hard, artificial and stale tasting like so many other brands. These are a truly gourmet jelly beans.
These David's Signature Beyond Gourmet "Pomegranate" jelly beans are spot on in flavor and are just fantastic tasting. This flavor is from David Klein, the creator of the famous "Jelly Belly" jelly beans, so I was thrilled to be offered this in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBO41E">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Flavor Sampler</a> to review since my family loves jelly beans.<br /><br />I also really like that these jelly beans are made with natural flavors and colors.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
Great on the go snack to take in the car for my 3 and 5 year old! NO MESSY HANDS like other snacks. Keeps the car much cleaner! :) Also great for me as a Weight Watcher snack with a wedge of Laughing Cow Lite Cheese! YUM!!!
My husband says these pretzels are great and he loves them.  However, on the box I saw a warning that says the pretzels are made in a facility that produces peanut butter.  Therefore, I can't eat them.  So for those of you with peanut/nut allergy I would urge caution.
They're not hard as a rock, or so soft that if you dip them, they'll break. For a diet pretzel, these are great (but then again, Snyders of Hanover has been at it for a long time).
Pretzels are too easy to just keep eating until the bag is done.  Therefore, a 100 calorie option gives me the pause I need ( before I open another snack sized bag), to decide - and therefore think before just eating all 60 packages (yikes!)  We use them in lunches, as snacks, as halloween treats, at the beach, at the pool, at work, in the car (now I am becoming a Dr. Seuss book).<br /><br />The shipments we have received (2 so far) have not been stale, soggy or out of date.
As a motorcoach tour operator, I'm always looking for high-quality, reasonably priced snacks to offer to my customers on my trips.  Snyder's is a respected brand and I appreciate being able to purchase bulk quantities of their pretzels at such a great low price.
This is a great deal for the amount of pretzel packs that are given. We love these since they're only 100 calories each and perfect for a snack, pair with a sandwich, or just to stick in your purse if you get hungry.
They are just that - 100 calorie bags of pretzels. Snyder's tends to have one of the best tasting pretzels according to my taste buds. These bags create instant portion control and are a great value for the price, especially with subscribe and save. I also throw them in the kids' lunch bags and keep some in the car for road trips.
Great buy but it seems that they are not very popular in my office (less healthy chip snacks are more popular) Still a great product, fresh and tastes like a pretzel should without any additives.
Do you seriously need a review for pretzels? It's either going to be "These pretzels are delicious!" or maybe "These pretzels are disgusting!" Thats pretty much all you can say about pretzels. I personally think they are delicious, but of course i like pretzels, if you dont, then youll probably want to go the other way on this one.
I personally think these are the best pretzels on earth. I have to admit, that when it comes to eating pretzels, these are the first in my mouth.
First thing in the morning it is nice to have a hot cup of coffee to wake you up while you watch the news.  We have always drunk Maxwell house coffee and even when I was a child my parents used it.  It is one of the best coffee brands available.  As we have gotten older we needed to consume less caffeine and we actually brew a mixture of part of this coffee and part of the Maxwell House Decaf blend.  It helps us reduce our caffeine and we still get to enjoy our coffee in the morning with just a little kick in it.<br /><br />The price of the coffee here is about the right list price but the shipping is a killer adder.  On sale at a local store we get it for less than half the price and no shipping.  This is a very good product and I recommend it to you.
For coffee drinkers who buy Maxwell House coffee, this is a deal!  Buy two cases for just over $50!  Free shipping, too!  Seriously, you know I stocked up!
When it does come down to my mornings, I always do enjoy a good cup of coffee to start my days off right. But, I have chosen to drink more ground coffee than instant these days. But it has also been much harder finding the right kind of great tasting cup, and that does definitely come well with Maxwell House and the simple Original Roast Blend. The taste is definitely simple and not too string for most new coffee drinkers, but elequent enough to get your mornings off to a great start with each and every savory cup. While there aren't many great brands of coffee that've shown that test of time, Maxwell House has been one that hasn't lost its shine. I absolutely recommend this brand each and every time.<br /><br />Price: B+<br /><br />Taste: B+<br /><br />Overall: B+
My husband is a big coffee drinker, and with a deal like this I can order ahead and never have to worry about running out. I hate to have to run to the store because I am out of one thing.
what can i say... great cookies. the only way to improve it is if it came with some cold milk.
What's to say about Oreos?  The originals are still the best & I don't get them often because gluttony overcomes me.  One, two, or even a few isn't possible for me.
Pamela's Baking and Pancake Mix is very, very good.  However, know when you order in the small packages you are not getting the baking mix.  You are getting individual (or for two people) servings of pancake and waffle mix.  This formula is different than that for the larger packages of Baking and Pancake Mix and does not make biscuits, muffins, or other short breads very well, too sweet for my taste.  If you are looking for great tasting pancake or waffles in a smaller package, then this is for you.  If you are looking for a great baking mix as well as pancakes and waffles, then get the larger packages.
I've tried many different cheeses, and I have to say Gorgonzola is my most favorite.<br /><br />The texture, aroma and flavor is both bold and pleasant yet not overbearing.<br /><br />A highly recommended cheese for novice cheese enthusiasts.
I love this mix. i use it  in several different recipes. Its moist and has a good consistency. The only problem is that  its difficult to find and I end up buying it on line!  Any suggestions???
I have been drinking V-8 juice for many years. Ordering it from Amazon by the case with free shipping(Prime) allows me to have it on hand in a convenient can with the right amount for my needs.
The package arrived with all the cans inside of a cardboard tray that was shrink wrapped.  There was no damage to the cans and they tasted just fine.<br /><br />As far as V-8 itself...<br /><br />I enjoy using V-8 as a meal replacement (replacing a greasy breakfast).  Think of it as tomato soup with a little less flavoring.  It was an acquired taste for me that I have since come to enjoy.  If you find that the original is a bit on the bland side, you can try the spicy flavor as a nice alternative.  The only drawback is that spicy has a bit more sodium.
He says it tastes great and is a great snack for his diabetes.  Good source of vitamins for him.  Great shipping, on our second order.
Great price and we did not have to leave the house and shop.  I really love the fact that there is no trouble with ordering.  Great product.
I ordered two 24 can packs of 11.5 oz. V-8 juice, which were boxed together and filled with inflated plastic to buffer. When i opened the box, although all the flip-tabs appeared to be intact, one can had leaked some of it's contents and the juice was all over the other cans and inside the box. I weighed the cans to find out which one/s had leaked and that's how i determined which one to throw away.(the weight of the cans varied, but the variance was consistent, except one can was a few ounces short)  I am hoping it was just from the one can and i don't turn up with salmonella down the road. Since this was a UPS delivery, i am kind of surprised that amount of pressure was put on this package. Usually get superior service from them. I have ordered like this in the past, and the product arrived in perfect condition, so as i said, i was disappointed this time.
Yes it is mainly a tomato juice and yes it has sodium in it, but it is definitely still better than drinking coke and its just a better alternative of drinks to bring to school or work =)
tastes like v8 cuz it is v8 :o) ... delivered on time... my doctor says i dont get as much nutrition benefit as i thought i did because of the pasteurization process... but i dont eat lots of veggies and i like this stuff sooooo i drink it anyway...
I have been a vegetarian for 15 years and have a meat eating husband.  For years, I have been looking for a good ground beef substitute.  I finally found one.  This one had a good taste and texture when cooked.  My meat eating husband is even happy with it when I use it.  One of the things I love is that I use this to make meatballs, and they stay together.  In the past, they never stayed together.  This is a great product, and I'm happy I found it.
Very meaty texture for a vegetarian product.  Looks like fresh ground beef after you mix it with water.  I would recommend this product.  I also want to try the sausage variety.
I first received a bag of Harmony valley as a prize on a contest on ecorazzi.com. I was very pleasantly surprised at the texture and taste. I made stuffed green peppers with it just as you would a traditional recipe substituting the mix. My husband, who is a avid meat eater really enjoyed it and said he would not mind eating more often. I also made the sausage style in an omelet with peppers and onions and it was tasty. I ordered a pack of six of the burger mix right here on amazon!
I'm a meat eater, my wife's vegetarian.  She picked some of this veggie burger mix up to try, and we both really like it!  I'm not saying it tastes like beef, but I don't believe it's supposed to.  It's really good!  And I'd recommend it to anyone:)
I have been a Vegetarian for about a year now, so I am relatively new to the meat substitute market.  But this is by far the best Veggie burger mix I have tried.  Far better then any of the frozen patties you can get in grocery stores.  An added bonus is the versatility of the mix.  You can use it for many different things instead of just being stuck with patty form like the frozen variety.  My meat eating girlfriend really likes this as well, and she tends to be pretty picky.
I tried the vegetarian hamburger mix and I liked it more than any other burger substitute I've tried. I made it into salsbury steaks and topped them with a mushroom gravy. Delicious!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474H936">Harmony Valley Vegetarian Hamburger Mix, 5.7-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>
I have used Harmony Valley hamburger substitute several times now and have been very happy. It is spiced and tastes pretty close to a meatball mixture. When used in sauce or to stuff peppers I cannot tell that it is not hamburger meat. I was thrilled with its performance and its ease of use.  I can't wait to try it in other recipes.
Great product!<br /><br />I purchased this product from our local Fresh Market. I am a vegan and am always looking for different "meat" substitutes to try. I used this mix to make some taco mince. This stuff was perfect! I even got my non veg. father to try a bite of the tacos and he thought they were good as well. That right there is saying something, because my father is really iffy about mock meats.<br /><br />I have another packet in which I am going to cook up today!
Some of my family are vegetarians but the rest are die-hard meat eaters. This is one product that the whole family will eat.  We like it as burgers but we LOVE it as meatloaf and meatballs in spaghetti.  We like that it keeps a good texture even when simmered in sauce.  I love that it has the texture and 'bite' that hamburger has.  As an extra bonus, I'm on Weight Watchers and it's low in points!
I bought this mainly because another review (can't remember if it was on Amazon or another site) said it was better than Morningstar Farms crumbles and because it is GMO free. Now, I've been a vegetarian since I was thirteen (and that was decades ago), but I am the sort that DOES want fake meat resembling meat. I've little interest in a mushroom-quinoa burger; I want a meaty-yet-vegetarian burger with mushroom quinoa on the side. Also, I'm a professional chef, so I'm very picky about the foods I eat.<br /><br />I'm saying this because I think it is important to know what the reviewer likes to eat when you base your purchase on a review.<br /><br />Tonight, I used the Harmony Valley hamburger mix in lasagna alla bolognese. I also did the same recipe with the MF crumbles to compare. Two things I was curious about:<br /><br />1) flavor: they're *kind of* about the same, especially considering I was adding a browned mirepoix, marmite, and veg Worcestershire ... I guess I should fry up a patty of just the HV mix, but I did eat a raw spoonful and it was okay, but blander than MF<br /><br />2) texture: MF wins. It just does (sorry, MF haters). It has larger pieces with a more meat-like texture. Plus, even after absorbing water in the fridge and then simmering on the stove, the HV was too wet.<br /><br />Now, the reviewer who also liked it better than MF also said something about it holding together on its own and that MF doesn't. Well, that's true. This was thick and stuck to itself, much more like the texture of ground meat - if you were to puree it. I use MF often in meatballs, and it holds together when bound with eggs and cheese. I guess that's the difference; I don't just want to thaw or add water and *poof* have dinner. I expect to cook with an ingredient, the same as I would with real beef.<br /><br />So I wasn't bowled over in those ways, but I liked it. HV hamburger mix is good and I'm sure it will be useful, which is also a plus - no worry about not having bought a bag of frozen crumbles, you've got a half dozen packets at home. I have a tiny little freezer for someone who cooks for a living, so it is always an issue for me to be able to keep ingredients at home. And although I've seen some reviews complaining about the 15-20 wait for the HV mix to absorb water in the fridge ... really? Those people can't wait half an hour for a burger? If you want an instant veggie burger that can be microwaved in the time it takes you to grab the ketchup, buy a frozen burger. I think this mix will be good in better handmade veggie burgers and I look forward to trying!<br /><br />Addendum:<br /><br />After eating the lasagna made with the HV mix, both my husband and I experienced horrible stomach bloating and pain. I'm apparently a glutton for punishment, though, because I decided to give it another try and made meatballs with it yesterday. Not only did they not turn out as good as my usual ones (made with MF crumbles and Lightlife sausage), they had a sort of rubbery texture that I really did not care for. But, blander and texture I can overlook, except AGAIN, the product gave us both the same horrible stomach bloating pains and gas. Ugh!
We just received a package of the hamburger mix from one of our dearest friends as a gift. We loved it. I am vegetarian and my husband is a meat eater. I whipped up some stuffed bell peppers using the mix and it was delicious. I love that it is a great price as well!
I Love all three products that Harmony Valley has but the Vegetarian Hamburger Mix is my familys favorite,we love to make Taco Salad, Sloppy Joes,Meatless Meatballs, Hamburgers,Salisbury Steak,Spaghetti with this great product , if you love the store bought Vegi burgers that are found in the frezzer section of your store these are 100 times better & so fresh tasting & GMO FREE ! Thanks Harmony Valley for making such a great & safe to eat product! p.s. the plant is ran on wind power !! "GMO FREE is the way for me "
I have tried almost every kind of "fake meat" product out there. While I really like the Morning Stars and the Boca "ground meat" you can't really make them into anything.<br /><br />This product was great. Soak it for 15 minutes in water, and viola you have a really good ground meat you can make something out of,  The only problem is that it tends to be a little saly for my taste, so be carefull when you are seasoning it.
I'm not vegetarian, but I'm on the fat smash diet by Dr. Ian. The 1st few days he suggest going meatless before building a foundation and reintroducing chicken, fish, and then other meats. I made chili with this. It doesn't taste just like meat or anything like that, but the texture is spot on when u mix in a bunch of other things. I'm not sure how it would turn out just on a bun. If I go that route I will have to season very well. Before making the chili I was a little worried so i cooked up all my veggies and seasoning in a separate pot. Browned this "beef" in another pan and added it into the mix later. Cooking this alone it smelled funny, and I was worried it would taste the way it smelled. I'm very sensitive to smell and taste of things. I can taste this in the mix of things but not so much. More than anything I'm busy looking for a taste. One thing I can say is the texture is pretty good for the consistency of meat except its much lighter and thinner less clumpy than real ground beef. If I had to give up beef for the rest of my life and pick this I wouldn't but if cows disappeared off the face of the earth I would be fine with taking this as a substitute.
good tea -- good for blood pressure. tastes good and smells good too.webvitamins good place to order from. fast and efficient, especially with amazon as the go-between.
I have been drinking three cups of this tea for the last month and a half.  I just had my annual checkup with my doctor and my blood pressure was 108/60!!!!  After years of it being it the 140's or 135's my blood pressure is now like a young person and I am in my sixties.  I had been monitoring my blood pressure at home and it was good but usually when I see the doctor it shoots up because I am nervous but not this time.  My doctor was thrilled.  I totally believe that this tea has lowered my blood pressure and I will continue drinking it.  I steep it for 10 minutes.  I have two cups after breakfast and one cup after dinner.  It tastes good and I don't put any sweetener in it.  I highly recommend it as it did work for me.
I have been drinking hibiscus tea off and on since 1984.  When I went to Germany in 1984, my mother told me that it is quite popular there for blood pressure issues, so every day while I was there I drank it.  When I came back to the US I found it and drank it for a number of years.<br /><br />About a year ago my husband's blood pressure became elevated because of health problems he is experieincing.  So, I went to the local co-op and got some hibiscus tea.  Ever since he started drinking it his blood pressure has been in the normal range -- well under 120/80.
Hibiscus Tea 24 Bags, I've got this tea for my Dad to help him with his Blood Pressure, it is a little early to tell. I also taking it myself, I like all kinds of Tea, Green, Triple Leaf Tea, this one has a very deep purple color and nice Fruity Flavor, I really like it. Hibiscus Tea is the combination of two herbs. Hibiscus is cultivated throughout the tropics, its flowers are highly prized for making Jams, Jellies, sauces and Beverages<br /><br />Lemongrass is a sub-tropical herb known for its strong citrus flavor and aroma. It became a popular edition to Tea blends in the 1970s and was quickly accepted in Europe. By blending these tropical flavours together, they have created a tart and fruity Tea that is Kid friendly and truly wonderful hot or cold. I also like the fact that this Tea does not contain any Caffeine, that usually keeps me up, no problem with Hibiscus Tea. It tastes Great! Thank You
I tried many teas and thought would try this kind. Saw it on Dr. OZ show. Didn't like its taste.
Tastes great.Does not need sugar.I am trying to see if my pressure goes down.I will update later J
I do not like sour taste and this has a sour kind of taste which i don't like. The smell isn't that great either
Great tasting tea and very healthy.  I was very surprised and will probably be ordering more.  It does cost - but the cheapest I have found.
This is good tasting tea, no need for sugar....I am drinking one cup per day usually at mid- day for blood pressure...........I am not sure how long it takes to help lower BP but if it helps even a little it's worth drinking especially since its very tasty........
In an effort to reverse augmenting high blood pressure, a physician recommended I drink hibiscus herbal tea. Kudos to Celebration Herbals for delivering the tea one day after the order was placed. I followed instructions on the box and used spring water which was  steeped for approximately ten minutes. Although the primary reason for drinking the tea was medicinal, I also wanted a flavorable tea. Sadly the taste of the tea was unexceptional. Accordingly, the next box of hibiscus tea that I purchase will not be from Celebration Herbals.
I love to make sun tea with these tea bags, it is very nice on a hot day to sit with a chilled glass. It is tasty and not too sweet, highly recommended!
I love this tea from Arizona tea hot or cold.  I call it my bubble gum tea.  This is a very pleasing tea that has a wonderful aroma and taste just like the Arizona tea in the bottles only hot.  It is very relaxing in the evening or invigorating in the morning or anytime for that matter.  I highly recommend it if you like Green Tea.
I am not a fan of green teas, but I really love this one.  It has a nice "non-tea" taste.  It's hard to find in stores so I got the 6 pack.  Great price and shipped really fast.
This makes great iced tea. More flavor than regular tea. Refreshing. Recommend it. Hard to find in stores. Get it here.
I have always enjoyed this particular tea, plain and simple.  A great green tea with a hint of ginseng and honey!  I buy it on Amazon because I can't find it in my area, so it's worth it!
This product was difficult to find in stores but easy to find through Amazon.  I will order items by this method again.
i got this in the mail nice packaging and all opened it up to see its single serving bags 3oz of hot water to a bag ...not gallon size =( so i decided to make some and it tasted like the little pink bubble gum "double bubble" i used to get as a kid yuck so not what i was expecting...
Tasteless, basically says it all.  I love tea.  Drink it every day.  I found this undrinkable.  Great packaging, but not a good tea for me.
I like the taste, but the store does not always has this.  Some-how it tastes different from the one in the store, much weaker caffeine and aroma...
I bought this tea cause I had consumed the one from the bottle and I like that one.<br />However in tea bag is not just tasting totally and completely different, but additionally tastes really<br />horrible... believe me, I even tried to give it to my co workers for free after they tried it and they did not accept it.<br />In my opinion It tasted like Serum :s. Now I have 100 tea bags wasting space, probably soon they'll go to the waste bascket.<br /><br />It's sad... I thought it would taste like the bottle or at least close, but totally a disappointment.
I love this stuff!  I sit in front of a computer all day at work, it's easy to get tired, not to mention I've always had trouble sleeping, so I never get a full 7 or 8 hours of sleep, more like an average of 4 or 5 hours per night.  I was surprised at how quickly it boosted me but I certainly didn't feel the shakes or jittery at all.  I felt more awake, and I didn't crash from it later.  It wears off gradually after a few hours but it helps to get through the main part of the day.  I don't use it every day but on occassion when I need a boost.
I have had possibly every energy drink and this one is possibly the best. Great energy and no crash. Mixes well with everything and my friends love it. Will buy again!
I first tried this energy drink on a 1500 mile "Iron Butt" motorcycle ride in which you have 36 hours to complete,not an easy task, but AMMO energy shots kept me alert. Small container, so carrying a few was compact. No adverse affects from the caffeine. We had the After Dark flavor and now I want to try the others.
I didn't order because it doesn't indicate anywhere what size the bottle is, I think that's basic information, maybe you should include that in your description
I ushally get this curry cat. at the store but they stopped carring it.  It helps me remember the tast of some foods from Germany.  I will shop here again when I need some more.
I went to a gourmet store and asked for their "Chocolate Expert" to recommend a chocolate among the high-end makers.  He pointed out this brand, which was affordable as well as incredibly flavorful.  If you need a chocolate to melt in your mouth, savor the Santander 53% cocoa.
This 53% percent cocoa semi-dark chocolate bar is the perfect choice for people who dont usually like dark chocolate.  Tasting nothing at all likke common dark chocolates like Hershey's (yuck), Santander's quality is excellent.  I highly recommend this and all other Santander chocaltes.
Santanders 53% semi-sweet dark chocolate bar is by far their best bar in my opinion. The 65% is pretty good also, but it's more smooth and balanced, whereas the 53% is just goodness from start to finish and has a wonderful creamy flavor.<br /><br />I've tried their 53%, 65%, 70% and also their espresso 70% one - the 53% is the best (by a long shot), then the 65% comes in 2nd place. The others are very good too, but don't quite have the amazing overall rich/creamy wonderfulness of the 53% bar.<br /><br />If you are not sure which bar to buy, the 53% bar is an excellent choice. If you like See's candy and/or Godiva, then you'll be right at home with this bar. It's one of the single best dark chocolate bars I have ever had in my life.
Wolfgang Puck recently changed their Chicken soup. The old stuff is excellent. The new stuff is watered down, not filling and doesn't taste as good. The image and description on this item stated that it was the old soup. The soup I received is the new stuff. Being a food item, returns are not allowed. I feel this was false advertizing and am extremely displeased.
You will not find better tasting soup anywhere.  I initially purchased it because my wife is sensitive to MSG and other kinds of additives that are found in most soups.  After eating some myself I now keep a supply on hand for all of the family.
This soup is absolutely delicious!  The chicken tastes like real chicken - not processed "fake" meat.  And, the wild rice adds just a bit of yummy crunch.  For some reason I think it's way better than the chicken noodle one.  If you eat strictly organic, it's perfect for when you don't have time to make a fresh meal.
I was familiar with a few of Wolfgang's recipes before I tried any of his soups. First I tried a different flavor a year ago, but can't remember anything except it being bland and slimy.  I decided to try it a 30 minutes ago because I was desperate for something healthy and convenient because I was a tad sick and could not make my own unprocessed meal with the ingredients I had home. I bought it for about $3 and hoped I just had a bad can of soup the first time, but this was just awful. No taste, slimy, and hardly any chicken (probably 3-4 tiny pieces). I can see why they added such little chicken. It's just tasteless and dry; tasted nothing like chicken. I'll go try another can of soup that can make me feel a bit better. This sure didn't do it. I have never had soup that tasted bland even after adding salt and seasoning. I see positive reviews that make me thing I had another bad can because I still can't believe it had absolutely no flavor.
This soup has no flavor. Broth had a slimy consistency instead of a liquid-y one. I was so disappointed.
I normally HATE canned soup but this one is an exception!  Great flavor and the chicken, carrots and rice actually seem 'real' - not imitation or over-processed like all the other canned soups I've tried.
Delicious, organic, full of flavor and a hit at our house! Plump rice, fat carrots, tasty chicken - a great soup!
As we all know.....any canned soup, organic or not, should be avoided or at least limited.  It does work for storm supplies due to its easy medium term storage and it being infrequently or never used.  It will end up in a hunting camp for a few days of quick meals toward the end of its shelf life.  Everything tastes better in fresh air and this stuff isn't bad.  Again, its use is very limited.<br /><br />Don't like the BPA issue either.  I did speak to Wolfgang Puck about PBA and their plans.  Like most, they are treading water to see what the government (friends of the fda) does or does not do about it.  What's a little more poison added to the current mix in processed foods.<br /><br />Ever notice that most of the Wolfgang Puck soup ingredients here on Amazon end at "Contains 2% or less of the Following"........?<br /><br />As I indicated above, we did try this soup, and it tasted ok, nothing special.  Try adding a little more sea salt. It is better than the MSG enhanced, preservative laden Campbell's brand crap, a brand we would not buy regardless of circumstance.  One never knows who actually made this soup.<br /><br />We consider the organic versions the lesser of (insert remaining cliche), and have a case......in case.
I love rice and this was good with all kinds of textures! I am allergic to so many things but this soup was awesome and no hives! Win WIN!
I can get this at my local grocery store for $2.69 per can ($32.28 for 12).
This soup is incredibly good!  But honestly, I was looking for a better deal through Amazon. The free shipping is great, but it's over 3 bucks a can, and I can get it cheaper through my grocery store. They are always having WP sales for 2 bucks a can, 2.50 a can... so does anyone know about a better deal than this? It's a really good tasting soup!
It's my favorite soup.  And you can't beat the amazon price with free shipping.  Thanks for making my favorites available.
I love having a soup that is healthy and not full of bad ingredients.  I like the chicken noodle better, but the rice is pretty good too.
This soup is simply the best.  Been ordering for a very long time and will continue to do so.<br />Great soup and product.
This soup is just offensive.  Why does it taste like cinnamon?  Also, it's twice the price of Campbell's and 1/4 the chicken.  Sure, it says it's organic.  I totally believe that, don't you?
The soup itself was excellent -- a nice, well-tasting mix of meat, veggies and wild and white rices, but surely a few more chunks of chicken could have been added. I bought it at local grocer -- two cans for $4.
Very tasty but my only complaint is that it's very oily.  If you let it sit and cool, it develops a fatty "skin," and my plastic spoon gets a film on it while I'm eating.  I gave it 5 stars anyway b/c it's still the best canned chicken and rice soup I've ever tasted.. but outside of canned soup, homemade is always better.
In court, as I understand it, you're not supposed to testify about anything where you don't have direct experience.  You can discount this review if you want, since I have only second hand experience with this soup.<br /><br />I gave a case of this soup to a young friend who is a college student (I worry about her starving).  She never mentioned whether she liked the soup, so I asked.  She finally admitted that it was, to quote her, "The worst thing I've ever tasted".  Apparently her boyfriend also tried it and thought it was bad as well.  While my friend is rather picky, her boyfriend has a much wider culinary range, so if they both disliked the soup, I'm inclinded to think it's not very good.
Very good WHITE CHOCOLATE and Very Fresh too! Ty! Thank you for wrapping securely. Quick shipment was appreciated very much!
I found this exact same product, same size at our local grocery store (QFC and Safeway) for $2.99. So, am not sure why this product is priced so much higher.
$5.00 over the local grocer's regular price. I expected a fair market price when I placed this order, but because I didn't research it I was extremely disappointed to find it so inflated. Live and learn, I hope I can save someone else the trouble of having to make a return.
This coffee (er, koffee) is superb!  I am lucky enough to live where this is roasted.  I can get my Kinetic fix at the local grocery stores.  You can taste the care put into this flavorful espresso.  Living in a small town, I happen to know the roasters.  You would be hard pressed to find better people.  They are active participants of the "Great Arcata to Ferndale World Championship Cross-Country Kinetic Sculpture" race.  If you haven't heard of it, look it up.  We are a strange people, here in Arcata.
First quality, dogs like it and it does not have grain as an ingredient, therefore a reduction in ear infections due to yeast infections.
My dogs love this food and with the limited ingredients and low allergins, it makes it great for them as well.
Wow, organic lentils, how great is that! Lentils are one of the planet's top 10 super foods, extremely high in protein and fiber, extremely low on the glycemic index and inflammation scale. This is one food I try to eat everyday. I live in a pretty unsophisticated town in the central valley of California, and you'd think our "high-end" supermarket, Raley's, would carry organic lentils, but of course, they don't, and even if they did, I'd have to pay an arm and leg for them. Amazon is my lifeline for quality organic foods and other products. Incidentally, I don't make the typical lentil soup with these. I simply cook one bag (16 oz.) with about 7.5 cups of non-fluoridated bottled water (fluoride is extremely bad for your thyroid), salt them to taste, and only cook them for 25 minutes. This way, they don't get mushy. They keep their firmness without being too chewy, more like a bean, and then I keep them in the fridge for a week, and have them with a little organic shredded cheese on top. YUMMY!
These are such high quality beans, no stones, great taste, cook, and freeze and thaw perfectly! I will order again and again!
That all that need to be said. The best chocolate candy with the best service. And add a great price and it just can not be beat. The item arrived on time and in good shape like most items ordered through amazon.
What I like about these is that they are gluten free, full of flavor and have a hearty corn flavor. They are a bit thicker than some of the chips I've tried out there and hold the salsa!  Love these!
These chips ROCK!  We have tried just about every kind of chip lately looking for something that is lower priced, more natural but still taste good.  These chips taste great - perfectly salted (not too salty and can be enjoyed plain), excellent crunch and corn flavor and best of all - the shape!  The long rectangular shape are the perfect size for dipping and are just thick enough to hold any dip or salsa.  Best part - they are made with only 4 natural ingredients!
I love the crunch & taste of the corn strips. My whole family loves them too!
My husband and I love these chips - they aren't very salty and the strip shape makes them great for dipping in salsa/dips.  Two of my favorite things about these chips though: 1) when you open the bag, the bag still looks pretty full unlike many other brands where the bag look half full at best when you open it 2) there aren't ever very many broken chips.
These chips are my family's favorite.  They are absolutely fabulous with guacamole because they are not too salty.  They pick up salsa well too, especially fresh salsa because of their shape.  You get just the right amount of salsa.  These chips don't take over the dip, they compliment whatever you dip them in.  They're fine without dip also, but if you are used to a salty chip, you might find them a bit plain. Tortilla chips are a staple at our house and these are the best you can get except in an authentic Mexican restaurant.<br /><br />Hope you enjoy them as much as we do.
If you're looking for a healthy, natural tortilla chip for dipping, you should try these.  I bought these for the holidays and we enjoyed dipping them in a corn, black bean and red pepper salsa.  The shape is perfect for dipping.<br />They're all natural, low-calorie chips that taste great.  You can eat 12 chips for 130 calories--the chips are big and can be broken in half for more dipping.  One serving of 12 chips is only 10% of your allowed fat and there's no trans-fat and little saturated fat.  Can't wait to try them with guacamole--great treat for parties.
This is a mild, buttery scented cheese. My favorite cheese made in the United States.
I bought these for my grandson who is 7 months old. He loves them and they are just the right size for a snack between feedings. His mom likes the convenience and ease in taking them along. I like ordering these and having them shipped directly to their house. It makes me feel like I have sent them a little present that is practical and appreciated.
My son is 7 months old and this has always been his favorite baby food - it is nice a thick, which he loves!
I am a bit of a foodie and have become quite picky over the years.  I have to say, hands down, this is my favorite olive oil.  It's affordable and non-pretentious.  Amazing flavor.  I use a lot of olive oil in cooking and this is great for that and just by itself to drag a piece of crusty bread through or to drizzle over caprese.  I definitely recommend this to anyone looking and unsure of what to buy.. because who knows?  But this one is a keeper and a must try!
Purchased two liters... looking for an oil to put in salads, on bread, etc... something with a strong flavor of olive oil... this is NOT it.  This is good for cooking... has little flavor.
I purchased this food coloring hoping it would create black frosting. I read several reviews on this and other websites which suggested I use chocolate icing (as white icing + black food coloring= gray frosting) but this product did not darken the chocolate at ALL. I ended up using over half for one cake and still decided the color wasn't right. It was still obviously brown. Perhaps my expectations were too high.
A brother in a Sicilian family who owns an Italian Food Market & Deli here in San Diego, tipped me off to this product over a year ago.  The difference it made in salads and vegetables, sauces and meats was unbelievable.  There is a pleasingly clean, peppery bite that makes it distinctive, adding a bold delicious flavor to fresh salads, cooked vegetables and roasted chicken and meats.  I've tried many other brands of extra virgin, pure, select or other types of olive oils growing up in an Italian household and in my 66 years, none of them stimulated the taste buds with the savory satisfaction delivered by Academia Barilla Extra Virgin Olive Oil.  The product is not widely known but the laboratories at Academia Barilla in Italy have developed as good a commercial product as is currently on the market and in my opinion, it is the very best.  The cost is high but consistent with the higher end oils.  But, if you enjoy fine foods and preparing aromatic dishes, simply put,  this oil turns them into a gift.  Use it and enjoy the satisfying reaction and comments of dinner guests as they realize they are being treated to a very special dinning experience.  Quality makes a difference.
Sure, this rawhide is expensive at 5-6 dollars per rawhide.  However, it is excellent quality (many rolls very tightly rolled) and takes my GSD hours to go through one.  For reference, he can eat a thick bully stick in 5 minutes and a Himalayan Dog Chew in 30 minutes.  For the time spent chewing per dollar, these rawhides are a deal!  I also love that my dogs can't get big chunks off, so even though I keep an eye on them I have very little fear of choking.
I mix 2 scoops of this and two scoops of formula in my son's bottle and it keeps him full longer. My mother says she used it on me when I was a child and it kept my cheeks rosy and me full. My son seems to really enjoy it.
Well it's funny but Even though I am 28 Yrs old I love eating this in many flavors, I was born here and did not get the chance to grow up on this till almost three where my family went overseas and they used this nestle brand and I am hooked till now, It's really hard to get it here as I live in NH so I order it online<br />I really like it, and would recommend it and will defiantly feed it to my kids when I get some º
This the best flavor out of all the others my daugther loves it and it is easy to make and very nutritional too.
sweet tasty but there is not sugar ,baby love it.Better than gerber.Like  Mellin ,Milupa or Plasmon brand.
This is a great product. My son loves it. Still, I like better the "8 cereal with honey" that somehow is not available in the US but you can find it in Europe.
I switched to sea salt a couple of years ago and have found these McCormick grinders very handy ways of dispensing. My attraction was the price. This deal is better than any I have found in local grocery stores... even with shipping/handling. Well worth the price. Shipment was fast, no breaking or damage. This is one of those 'more bang for your buck' deals.... worth it!
These English tea biscuits are baked by hand in Ashbourne, Derbyshire by Artisan Biscuits. The cookies are essentially flavored shortbread with a very distinct taste of butter, honey, and almonds and an excellent texture at once crumbly and crispy with a nice buttery mouthfeel.<br /><br />I was fortunate enough to run across them at Jack's $0.99 Store (2 packages for $0.99!) in three flavors:  Honey & Almond, Ginger & Lemon, and Rosehip & Blackcurrant.  They were quite the hit and immediately became the subject of conversation.<br /><br />The Honey & Almond was universally loved.  A few people thought that the ginger was a bit too strong or else didn't like the floral taste of the rosehips but those were just personal preferences of people generally not fond of those flavors.  In each instance, I thought the flavor combinations  were both well chosen and perfectly balanced.<br /><br />Overall, you couldn't ask for better quality in a packaged cookie.  I only regret that the Chocolate & Raspberry, Coconut & Lime, and Vanilla & Cream varieties weren't available to try as well.  Very highly recommended.<br /><br />Ingredients:<br /><br />Wheat flour<br />Butter 25.7%<br />Sugar<br />Honey 6.2%<br />Nibbed almonds 1.1%<br />Natural almond flavoring<br />Emulsifier (Soya lecithin)<br />Raising agent (Sodium bicarbonate)<br /><br />Each 150g/5.3 oz package contains 18 cookies or 6 servings of 3 cookies<br /><br />Nutrition per serving of 3 cookies:<br /><br />Calories 130<br />Calories from fat 50<br />Total fat 6g<br />Saturated fat 4g<br />Trans fat 0.2g<br />Cholesterol 15mg<br />Sodium 45mg<br />Total carbohydrates 18g<br />Dietary fiber less than 1g<br />Sugars 6g<br />Protein 1g
My Greyhounds 7 and 8 years old( both Brood Matrons) loved this lip smacking food. It has given them more energy and their coats are looking wonderful. In fact when you open the bag the food smells like fruit and veg. Changing to Annamaet grainless Salcha,which is small kibbles, from the old food does take a gradual process for the older dogs not because of its size, but because of its high quality. Lastly the company has never had a recall on its products, something we all look for today.
We lived in Charleston for years and always loved the availability of fresh seafood - especially oysters!  Now we live about 24 hours away and I do miss being able to swing by the seafood market when I'm in the mood.  I had no idea that I could have it delivered to my doorstep within a couple of days!  It was well packed and smelled as fresh as if we bought it off the boat.  Impress your friends and throw together an oyster pasta dish.  SO much better than the stuff in the small plastic containers at the grocery store!  These were HUGE.
Perfect starter tree. It is adorable and the included manual tells you the basics of bonsai. I bought this for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day, a live tree instead of cut flowers makes a great gift.
I bought this for my boyfriend as a Valentines Day gift and he absolutely loved it! Its an amazing size and includes all the essentials for a starter kit. It arrived extremely quickly even though i chose standard shipping. It arrived in a medium sized box and alot of packing peanuts which kept the tree stable and safe throughout shipping. Overall, i will definitely chose to order from joebonsai again because i was satisfied and absolutely love it!
I received my tree quite quickly despite the holidays. when I got the tree, it was packaged very well and i don't think anything short of getting run over by a freight train could have broken the tree. I called after I got the tree and the exchange i had with the person on the other end was very helpful, and I could not be more pleased with their service. these guys show great care and dedication to the customers.<br /><br />All in all, a fantastic buy.
The tree is nice, but that is the only part besides the pot.  Did NOT come with a matching drip tray, as promised.  Instructions were lacking information and were merely a printed piece of paper.
As far as noodles in a cup goes this is one of the best I've had. Actual recognizable small chunks of dehydrated veggies, mostly mushrooms and onions that I could make out. Descent noodle quality and a very hot and spicy seasoning mix. They don't show it on the picture here but I'm pretty sure this is the hot and spicy cup. It looks exactly like the one I just had but the words 'hot and spicy' are just to the left of the symbol and are not visible in the pic. If you like spicy noodles definitely don't pass this up.<br /><br />Very good
I used to eat Nong Shim Shin Noodle Ramyun for years and that remains my favorite, however it has beef stock in it and I can't eat it anymore.  I checked out the whole Nong Shim line at my grocer for a vegetarian noodle and this cup is all I could find.  It tastes virtually identical to the bowl but is vegetarian.  Its spicy, and the noodle is of a better quality than the 20 cent Maruchan packages I grew up on.  You cant go wrong with Nong Shim but I thought that vegetarians should know about this soup.<br /><br />So I just read on the description that it contains beef but the cup that is in my hands right now does not say that.  I may post a picture as proof.
I really enjoy this noodle cup mostly because of the texture of the noodles and the flavor of the soup. The noodles taste firmer and less like the cheap kind that would regularly come out of one of these instant noodle packages. The flavoring has just the right amount of spice and is not excessively spicy.
I pass around favorable endorsements very seldom but this is one of those occasions.<br /><br />I'm almost 69 and this bacon would be as almost identical to the bacon I ate if it were a bit saltier and had the rind left on.<br /><br />If you want the old time southern bacon without all the salt and the rind, this is it.<br /><br />I'll admit I do salt the bacon just a tad before I fry it.<br /><br />This is good stuff if you appreciate great bacon.
The product was fair, not as "country" as I would like, but better than you find in a grocery store.
This Ghirardelli Mint Dark Chocolate tastes really good. The chocolate isn't too sweet nor too bitter. It is also not too creamy or milky. As far as the mint filling, it adds some more sweetness to the Chocolate, but at the same time the mint is very refreshing. Perfect to have after dinner or as a dessert.<br /><br />If you like Mint Chocolate, you might also want to try the After Eight Mint Chocolate. they are very good too. Also try the Ghirardelli Peppermint Bark Chocolate which is kind of interesting taste (a combination of chocolate/dark chocolate with white chocolate and peppermint crust).<br /><br />Sidarta Tanu
I bought this because I was craving dark chocolate, and thought mint sounded great at the time. The chocolate is way too sweet. Dark chocolate is supposed to be a little bitter, not too much, but enough to give it some bite. I guess Ghirardelli decided to cancel that out by adding more sugar. Add to it the super sweet mint filling, and I could barely finish a square it was so sweet. Considering the expense, I expected a much better quality.
Both my friend and I love this product. The dark chocolate and the mint really supplement each other. A little expensive but excellent quality.
My mother and father were the recipient of these wonderful pieces of chocolate heaven.  They didn't believe they deserved receiving these, but I know they did deserve to receive these!
Edit: Upgraded to 5-star.  They appear to have changed the recipe, as the last couple containers I have acquired have tasted substantially better! It almost tastes like Swiss Miss cocoa (and while Swiss Miss is not really my idea of great cocoa, for a protein drink mixed with water, that is pretty good!)<br /><br />Summary: This is the best non-whey, non-soy protein I have found, and I would highly recommend it to anyone with soy+whey/dairy sensitivities! I rated this 4 stars, but if you can't have whey, it is definitely a 5-star product.<br /><br />I'm allergic to both whey and soy, which has made finding a good protein supplement quite a pain! I have tried pretty much everything on the market, including a variety of wheat, buckwheat, and brown rice proteins.  If you are looking for the highest quality protein available, you are unfortunately limited to egg, soy, whey, or casein (based upon PDCAAS, the FDA and FAO/WHO's method of determining protein quality), so egg is really preferable to the alternatives.  Fortunately, this is, in terms of consistency, digestibility, and nutritive content (0 fat 0 carbs), and overall flavor, the best of the various proteins I tried.  In case you are wondering, there is no cholesterol in this protein, either.  Texture and overall 'drinkability' are great... I drink it mixed with water with no issues.  Flavor is decent: obviously, none of us are drinking protein powder expecting a gourmet flavor extravaganza.  This protein is decently tasty if you like chocolate (not as good as most whey/casein proteins, but better than almost all non-whey proteins... I tried quite a few of those as well before discovering that I could not tolerate dairy proteins).  Be warned: the vanilla version of this product tastes terrible.  In my opinion, it is barely drinkable.<br /><br />Four stars overall.  If I had no food sensitivities, I might still use this in conjunction with whey protein, but would probably not use it exclusively.<br />Five stars if you can't have whey protein!<br /><br />I hope that this review is helpful!
I found this to be a good alternative to whey based protein powder. I have only used this product for 30 days and am reordering. Before I get into my review, I might mention that I never thought of myself as whey or lactose intolerant, but after 3 months of taking quality whey protein I knew that what I was experiencing was not typical. (I'm talking about bathroom habits including frequency and consistency). I asked a few older guys in the gym what there experience was with whey, most if not all where fine with it and experienced no problems or side effects. One natural BB that is about my age late 30's suggested this egg based protein product and noted that one of his training customers found it to be an acceptable alternative to the milk based protein products.<br /><br />I did some research and to be honest the manufactures web site for beHealthyNFit is totally useless and outdated with little or no useful information. Their poor web site almost made me not buy this product. It sure didn't invoke any consumer confidence and in my opinion is totally unacceptable.<br /><br />How does it taste? I bought the chocolate (I'm not a chocolate lover but I think chocolate flavoring is the best option for protein powders) The flavor is chocolate but its defiantly not a rich milk chocolate and it wouldn't fall in the same category as a dessert. More of a taste that you can get used to.  I have also seen this flavor described as chocolate with a hint metallic. I'd agree with that. It has an after taste that some may find metallic.<br /><br />How does it mix? I mix this with water directly in a 16oz. ready to drink water bottle. I drink 1 or 2 ounces, usually down to the top of the label. Then I place a funnel in the top and dump in one scoop. Usually I will need to shake or tap the funnel to get the powder to pass through. Then I screw the top on and shake well. I have found that if the water is very cold the powder will clump more often and mix poorly. Room temperature water or water that is cool but not ice-cold works best. I use a wine fridge to keep the water at 50.( I don't like clumps) Note: The consistency is exactly like water, if your expecting this to be a thick or heavy drink then will be disappointed.<br /><br />I found that if you live in a humid state like Florida you will need to make sure that you screw the lid to the protein power on tight. If you expose this power to high humidity you will have a terrible time with it clumping and mixing properly.<br /><br />General tips for drinking protein drinks. I have found that eating a granola bar while drinking a protein drink helps. First biting the granola bar then taking a drink. I found this to work for me and it makes the occasional protein clump less noticeable.<br /><br />Is there room for improvement? Yes, loads of room for improvement. Is there anything better? I haven't found it yet but I am still looking. I will give this high marks until I find something better. Please leave a comment if you find a better non whey protein product.
Good taste...mixes easy and has no artifical sweetners.  I been using this one for years
If you are concerned about digesting dairy and soy products you can rest assured that this is the protein for you. It's a nice vanilla flavor with no chalkiness and no artificial sweeteners. I love it and I know my body loves it. NO digestion problems, ever. Rock on.
This product has 24g of protein per serving and is ideal for getting lean because it has only about 110 calories and practically no fat. The taste is fairly forgettable but not regrettable. If you need a pure bulk, as fast as you can, I recommend cyto-gainer but we all know whey is tough on the stomach of many people, including myself.<br /><br />There's been a lot of controversy regarding the high protein for muscle gain/weight loss and the jury seems to still be out. However, what I can say for sure (because Doctors and nutritionists have told me) is that more than 1g of protein per body weight is going to cause health issues over the long term. Also, the ideal ratio for carbos/fat/protein varies by body type and desired goal, the best way to learn is through trial and error. Personally, a diet relatively high in fat and protein works well for me, but that's only ideal for the short term.<br /><br />I definitely recommend this product for either people who can't take whey or for those wanting to get lean. Pure egg is a purely brilliant idea...
I have been using this protein powder for about a month. The first thing I noticed is that this brand mixes better than Optimum Nutrition egg protein, but still not like whey or even rice protein. The texture is not great by itself in my opinion- not awful but not great. I have been mixing Garden of Eating Super Seed with the powder before adding water and it mixes to a much better texture. I've also tried blending the two with ice to make a smoothy which turned out ok. For those of us who can't tolerate the whey or soy proteins, this particular brand is the best I've found.
I've been a fan of HnF's egg protein for a while now as whey bloats me and gives me indigestion (that being said, the ONLY whey I've found that doesn't bother my stomach at all is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004BOTGTM">Optimum Nutrition 100% Platinum Hydro Whey Turbo Chocolate 1.75 Protein</a>).<br /><br />The chocolate tastes pretty good with water (although I don't really care about taste), and is actually pretty darn good with rice milk. It also tastes good in smoothies (I use frozen bananas and rice milk).<br /><br />Only downside is you may get gas initially and you're going to smell things that no human should smell. This passes pretty quickly (huhuh) though.<br /><br />Oh and don't buy the vanilla flavored powder because it tastes like soap. I use it in smoothies and it lends a little vanilla flavor but it's still not very good.
compared to other egg proteins I have recently used, this one is very sweet.  It is sweetened with splenda, so still very low in actual sugar/carbs.  I prefer to use an unsweetened version and put fruit in the blender with it to naturally sweeten it, but my wife likes this one b/c its easy to instantize in milk (we use almond milk) with a spoon.  No blender required.
In general, egg protein doesn't have the best taste.  Since it has a mild flavor, mixing with other ingredients (e.g. bananas) work well.
I really like this protein drink. I'm pregnant and trying to increase protein in my diet without adding a whole lot of extra calories or fat. This is the perfect solution. I usually mix it with a combination of 1/2 plain almond milk and half water. I also usually add a little more liquid than it says in the directions, otherwise I find it too sweet. The nice thing is that it is sweetened with stevia instead of a calorie-filled sugar of some sort. I prefer egg protein to other proteins because soy is often GMO and not recommended in high doses in pregnancy (or for anyone actually), and whey protein is a dairy product, which I generally don't tolerate well. Egg protein is perfect for my needs.
I use this as a whey/soy protein alternative. I am allergic to soy and have sensitivity to whey and this product seems to be free of both. I actually haven't used it as a shake, but I use it to make protein pancakes. I find I have to add extra cocoa powder to make it more chocolatey and stevia to make it more sweet. At first I came out with some really awful pancakes, but after I found the perfect ingredients to doctor it up, they all come out amazing!!! So if your looking for an alternative to whey and soy, I definitely think this is a good choice!
What's in this stuff?  Where's the list of ingredients?<br /><br />I don't eat anything unless I know and approve of what's in it.<br /><br />For example, although this product's description says it contains no sugar, it does not say if it contains any artificial sweeteners, which are also bad for you.<br /><br />For one thing, aside from tasting awful, artificial sweeteners often cause horrendous intestinal cramps and diarrhea.<br /><br />In addition to having long ago given up the eating of sugar and sugar in all its guises (e.g: "natural" cane juice, fruit juices, "raw" sugar, "organic" sugar, etc.), I also stopped ingesting artificial sweeteners of any kind.<br /><br />So, what's in this stuff?
In my opinion, this is the best protein powder out there.<br />I've used a lot of different protein products, from Dymatize to Optimum Nutrition (Gold Standard) and CellTech (MuscleTech), BSN, many others as well.  The reason that I tried this one is because I've been doing a lot of research, talking with my doctor and nutritionists regarding the subject of protein and protein suppliments in general.  The conclusion that I have come to is that the whey products are ok, but they are not the magic dust that everyone thinks it is.  Sure it is good, and the protein is not bad, but it can be better.<br />For those who have issues with dairy, whey is not an option.  Whey is a dairy product, and actually a bi-product of diary production.  Dairy is not the best choice of protein out there, many may disagree with this but it is a fact.  America has an infatuation with dairy and sweets.  If you look at any tables that show protein absorbtion effeciency in our bodies you will see this fact.  Eggs and Fish are rated at the top for best absorbtion and usage in the human body.  Eggs are around 88% effeciency, while fish is around 70% and chicken around 60%.  Whey and dairy are below all of these, this is precisely why whey is so cheap, and that is why it is so popular.  Sure the egg protein is going to be more expensive, but it is a better product.<br />As far as taste and texture, I find it just as good as the whey products that I have used, and even better then some.  I've tried some whey powders that were just aweful.  I have a 5lb tub of "Metabolic" whey that I tried, it is still sitting in the back room.
The Healthy 'n Fit egg protein is a very good product. It's almost all protein, the taste is good, you can cook with it (my favorites are oatmeal and Russian-style cottage cheese pancakes). And the price *used* to be great, even cheaper per ounce than the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GIST86">Optimum Nutrition 100% Egg Protein, Rich Chocolate, 2 Pound</a>. However, since I bought my first tub earlier this year, the price jumped significantly to more than the Optimum Nutrition chocolate-flavored egg protein, so I bought a 2-lb. tub of that. I found that while the ON protein has a little fat and more carbs in it, it was much easier to mix into liquids with fewer or no clumps, unlike the Healthy 'n Fit product. I also like the taste just fine. So I found that I enjoy my shakes with the ON more, and it's faster and easier to mix my oatmeal in the morning with the ON.<br /><br />Please don't get me wrong -- this is a great product. But I just don't think it warrants a higher price than the Optimum Nutrition protein.<br /><br />So, to recap, as compared to <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GIST86">Optimum Nutrition 100% Egg Protein, Rich Chocolate, 2 Pound</a>:<br />Pros:<br />Lower in carbs<br />Lower in fat<br /><br />Cons:<br />More expensive<br />Clumpier/harder to mix
I have tried many different protein powders over the years, and while it is hard to write a review based on taste alone (since everyone's taste is different), I'm going to go ahead and say this is the most rancid tasting gunk I have ever had the displeasure of putting in my mouth.<br /><br />I mix my protein shakes with a hand blender, so I rarely have any mixing problems - and even this protein mixed well.  The fun really began when I tasted it.  It tastes sour and acrid at the same time, absolutely horrendous.  I could not finish the shake I had mixed up, and had to wash my mouth out with apple juice to get that sick taste out before I could actually eat or drink anything else.<br /><br />This is a terrible protein powder from the standpoint of taste, in my opinion.  Of all the types I have tried, which is many, this has taken seat as the new "worst" one.<br /><br />FYI, I had ordered this with another brand because I am testing egg protein powders due to casein sensitivity.  If anyone has an egg protein powder recommendation, PM me.
I've tried a number of protein powders over the years.  Most problems I encountered ranged from poor taste, to not mixing well, to leaving me bloated.  The Healthy n Fit egg protein is only 100 calories and you get 24 grams of protein with no cholesterol, no fat, no carbs, minimal sodium (in the big scheme of things) and even some potassium.  Add to that the fact that it mixes really well and tastes good either on it's own or mixed with fruit.  I don't feel bloated with this at all like I did with other products like Muscle Milk light.  I usually throw a banana and some blueberries into a blender with one serving of the protein for breakfast and then I use it straight right after a good workout.  Again, it tastes great on it's own or mixed with fruit.  I strongly recommend this product.
Having a lactose intolerance, I've tried multiple egg proteins as well as some Whey Isolate proteins as well. This is hands down the best tasting protein powder out there. Vanilla and Chocolate are both delicious (I would stay away from Strawberry, it has a strange artificial taste to it, this was the updated formula too so they still haven't worked it out). I prefer to mix with some Vanilla Coconut milk and it's actually something I look forward to drinking (as opposed to some that I had just choked down as quickly as I could). I have also mixed in a teaspoon of cinnamon with just water and the vanilla protein and it is good as well.<br /><br />Another plus is that it uses stevia instead of artificial sweeteners such as sucralose or aspartame.<br /><br />If you can't handle Whey/Casein protein then I would absolutely recommend this one (even if you can but want to try something else). Best bang for your buck compared to other egg proteins and the taste is actually good.
I like this product, and i agree with any post, who says it mixes well, i bought a sample case just to test the waters, and i dont feel bloated or anything after i drink it, i think i feel my body is responding to it very well, i am going to finish up the muscle milk protein because i bought it and i pay over 30 for it, lol, but when i finish up the other proteins i purchase, i am going to stick with egg white protein, since i dont like eating them, everyone taste buds is different, some may like it, some may dont, then depending on your body chemistry some responds well to egg whites, some dont, but as for me personally i like it so far, might try out the strawberry passion protein, but the vanilla kind taste very good, i would suggest this protein should be used for edurance athletes, or people who are into calistenics such as push ups and pull ups,
This egg protein is great!<br />First off, it is sweetened with Stevia, a natural herb, and not some artificial sweetener like aspartame or sucralose.<br />Next, it is very easy on the stomach, even whey without lactose is a lot harder on my digestion system it seems.<br />It tastes good, mixes well, and is a good value.<br />I bought all 3 flavors and found I prefer the vanilla.<br />Goes really well with some almond milk and blueberries.<br />I'm glad I've found a pure protein source that is dairy and soy free.
I loved vitalabs egg protein, but I think their out of business.  This healthy n fit will substitute just fine,
I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT TO TRY AS A REPLACEMENT FOR JAY ROBB EGG WHITE PROTEIN SHAKES, WHICH IS WHAT I PREFER BUT DOESN'T FIT MY BUDGET - TO EXPENSIVE FOR EVERY DAY USE.  I WAS LOOKING FOR AN ALTERNATIVE AND CAME ACROSS THIS.  SINCE ONE OF THE REVIEWS SAID THAT IT WAS SOY FREE I DECIDED TO TRY IT.  I DON'T HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH THE TASTE WITH ALL OF MY HEALTH PROBLEMS OVER THE YEARS I HAVE LEARNED NOT TO EXPECT A LOT IN THAT DEPARTMENT.  IT JUST TASTE LIKE WATERED DOWN CHOCOLATE TO ME.  I DRINK IT WITH WATER OR SOMETIMES WITH RICE MILK BECAUSE I NEED THE EXTRA CALORIES ON DAYS THAT I CAN'T HANDLE SOLID FOODS.  HOWEVER,ON RECEIVING THE PRODUCT, IT DOES CONTAIN SOY. HOW MUCH I COULDN'T SAY AS IT WASN'T LISTED ON THE INGREDIGENT COLUMN.  I FOUND IT MENTIONED ON THE BACK OF THE LABEL STATING THAT IT CONTAINED SOY LETICHEN(THINK I SPELLED THAT RIGHT).  I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO FIND OUT HOW MUCH.  IF SOMEONE COULD SHED SOME LIGHT ON THAT I WOULD APPRECIATE THE INFO. ALSO,I NOTICED THAT IT HAS GONE UP ABOUT $10.00 SINCE I PLACED MY ORDER LAST MONTH,SO IT MAY NOT BE AN ISSUE ANYMORE, BECAUSE THAT PUTS IT ABOUT EVEN WITH WHAT I WAS PAYING FOR THE JAY ROBB EGG WHITE SHAKES.
Excellent Product. Great taste and easy to sue in cereal, yougur etc..  That's it in a nutshell.  Very Timely delivery.
Although it is very high in protein, I thought the vanilla ice cream flavor was very bland. I would not buy this again as it was not tasty enough.
Well I have tried many protein shakes and the taste is never been a problem for me but this was just horrible. It's GOOD for YOU but I just couldn't do it. It might be a good protein shake but it's extremely salty, i tried to drink it with other liquids to help the taste but every time it tasted worse and worse =( too bad because I was looking forwards to see some results!!
So after comparing this to Jay Robb, I can say that this protein is not as good. The taste isn't as good, and it doesn't mix that easy. I don't think it is horrible, just not that good.<br /><br />One thing I like about the Jay Robb is that they use hormone free chicken eggs. I sent Healty N' Fit an email asking where they get their eggs from, but they didn't reply. It is a little cheaper, but I found the Jay Robb at Vitamin Shoppe for 20 per 12ozs, which isn't bad. I have to say that I don't like the dudes picture on the bottle, but that's my only complaint.
The protein powder is ok, not to good as i expected. if you pour hot milk over it will will form substance like egg white, which is very bad in taste, not at all drinkable.
Fantastic product. Keeps fresh for months. Had a bag in my desk that I had opened but packet was resealed, product still fresh after several weeks. Product has a spicy but not hot flavor and is enjoyed by my whole family. I am diabetic and have a hard time finding low sodium, low calorie snacks. Grandpa Po's products are both low sodium, low calorie and also taste great. I would highly recommend.
Grandpa Po's Originals Slightly Spicy is a wonderful savory organic snack. Not too spicy at first and ends with a great finish. If I had to sum it up in one word it would be "WOW!"I would recommend them for young and old alike.
For years I have grown my own habaneros to dry, crush and use for cooking.  I have been unable to do so for the last two years because of a job relocation.  My supply from previous years had run out so I purchased this product to re-supply.<br /><br />I have been tremendously satisfied.  Great quality, great consistency, great heat, good color, good particulate size, good price.<br /><br />Without any reservation would recommend this purchase to anyone looking for a good habanero powder.<br /><br />Be warned though... It is not for the faint of heart.
Initially I was worried about loss of potency when thinking about a powdered pepper. This came out beautiful though! It is very finely ground, much like cayenne pepper is commonly found. The color is beautiful.<br /><br />I am VERY happy with this Habanero Powder! I am so glad Angelina's Gourmet was there to provide such a wonderful product, and ship it out so fast! If you want some habanero for spicing up your food, buy this! It is great!
hot full of lavor great for jerky sauces love it
Been buying ground Habanero from American Spice for years, decided to try someone else with their price going up-up-up, and not satisfied with consistency of heat.  This stuff had the right flavor and more heat than anything beside fresh, it will make you sweat.  Better price and value than any Habanero experience in 20 years of buying the stuff, will buy from this vendor again.
The product was better than expected and it arrived quickly. I am very pleased with this purchase.
I love hot foods, and love this product,  but it is dangerous! I have dogs, and the air born powder travels in the air- fast and hard!  Their eyes were watering, from five feet across the room at my first serving.<br /><br />I hadn't even opened the container, I only unwrapped it out of the mailer-box, touched the OUTSIDE of the bottle and rubbed my eyes and WOW! H-O-T!  I thought about smelling it, and am glad I didn't. It would have burned the inside of my nose majorly.<br /><br />I decided to take out a small portion, and move it into an old spice jar with a sprinkle top to control the amount I am serving on my meals. The larger bottle, is to big to work with such a a hot product.  I needed more control on what I was eating.  If you decide to do this, make sure that you do it in a sink, then wash the sink out, and DO NOT breathe when you are doing the transfer, or better yet; use a mask.  I made a paper funnel, and when it was traveling from the larger bottle to the smaller bottle, it when into my nose, and I had a five minute sneeze attack.  (In fact, every time I use it I do.) I stored the larger bottle in a plastic bag, until I need to refill, and plan to wash the outside of the smaller bottle after each use, so no one else in the house gets hurt.<br /><br />HOUSEHOLDS WITH PETS AND TEENAGERS:  Please watch out for your sneaky animals, that try to swipe your food off your table, it could hurt them and send them to the vet.  And watch out for teenagers with a bad sense of humor, it could hurt someone badly if they decide to play a joke on someone with this pepper.  Seriously.<br /><br />Also, I guess I really am bad a math... this size will last me a lifetime!  It is a very great tasting pepper, smoky flavored, if you can get past the hot part!
I have previously brought habanero powder from a gourmet store at The Grove in LA.  It was roughly 3 oz for $5.95.  This has the same great flavor and intensity that a habanero powder should have.  We use it to season fried fish and chicken and all braised meat dishes.  I highly recommend buying this product.
Who knew that when I bought this 4 years ago that I was also getting something good for my health.  Saw a recent Dr. Oz show with Andrew Weil and he had a great Puttanesca recipe and one of the ingredients was dried red pepper.  By the way the recipe is just as good without the tuna.  I sprinkle a little of my Habanero powder as a substitute for the red pepper flakes.<br /><br />You don't need much of the powder it is very good quality, if you see it you probably used to much.  I put some of the powder on almost anything.  The best part?  I had no idea I was buying a life time supply, after 4 years I think I have barely used a tenth, my family makes a little fun of me about that but I don't mind, I love it, the powder and the humor.  Very highly recommended.
I especially like like this on <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0052ONATM">Lydia's Organics, Kale Krunchies, Mega Green, 3 oz (85 g)</a>.  I empty the kale into a container, sprinkle on habanero powder, put a lid on it, and then turn it over and over to mix the two.  Wow.  I've heard it's great with popcorn, too.  Whatever you do, just be careful how much powder you use.  I've been in a world of spicey hurt more than once :)
This stuff is the bomb.<br />There is no pepper that has a tastier fruity flavor than the Habanero.  The fact that is fiery hot is both a bonus, (for us heat lovers) and a curse(for the wussies).<br />I use this stuff all the time.  Sprinkle it on a sandwich over the tomato, sprinkle it over some Mexican sour cream for a dip.  Sprinkle on pizza or a cucumber and tomato salad.  The uses are near endless.<br /><br />Also if you wanted to use it in lieu of mace or pepper spray, a little bit of this stuff blown onto any skin location rapidly induces excitement.<br />Be careful in the sprinkling of this stuff, if you get a smal puff of it into your nose, you will most definately know about it.  ;-P
This stuff is gold for the hot/spicy food enthusiast.  I put it on most everything other than breakfast (Grape Nuts).  I really think you get way more value from this than any hot sauce in a bottle...  This is basically what is in that fancy bottle hot sauce, just without a fancy label.  Try it.  16oz goes a long way!
My Mom was born in Manchester, England,and I have been drinking tea since I was very young. A few years ago I was forced to switch to decaf tea. Most of the blends available are terrible. I used to drink regular Yorkshire tea, and was thrilled to discover they had a decaf blend and it is a strong, full-bodied tea, and I love it! I decided to purchase from Amazon because I knew I could count on them, as  well  as their outside vendors. I was very pleased with the transaction and would purchase from them again.
I just received my tea..  Thanks for getting it out so quick.. I really appreciate the extra box..  I drink this tea every night..<br /><br />Julianne
I have used this product for over twenty years.  However, it is<br /><br />no longer available in any of the local food markets in the<br /><br />Los Angeles, CA area.  I'm happy that I can order it via<br /><br />Amazon.com
I ordered this candy for a friend as a mother's day gift.  She was delighted to receive it and I was excited to share it. :-)
I was swayed to try this thanks to Amazon's new add-on program. Cod roe pasta is surprisingly good, especially with the toasted nori! I used 100 grams of angel hair pasta with one packet of the sauce. Next time, I may reduce the amount of pasta, or use two packets of sauce, to up the flavor. A dash of red pepper might be good, too.
I used this product cod roe (tarako spaghetti sauce )to eat when i feel lazy at japan.<br />that very cheap and just boil pasta and mix this pouch because<br />i ate that product once a week in japan.<br /><br /> after i moved here america year ago i really miss some asian food because little expensive but<br />when i see picture i remind how good and excited because i bought this from amazon .<br /><br />BUT taste little different , I was disappointed, too strong smell like a ocean .<br />I throw garbage because i did not remember product of japan america.<br /><br /> i never ever buy this in america.
I am glad nail deco has become to be adult deco and not just for little girls.  I am not sure why it started out for adults and dove downward for little chicks and now back up to where it is alright for all sizes of females.  You can also use items from junkyards, wooden catalogs, and other places not usually on the same channel as beauty materials for jewelry and accessories.
This is not as tall as they advertised. But we kept it and we like it alot. It is the shining star of our indoor Bonsai collection. Just stunning. Like having a forest in your kitchen! We've had it about 6 months now and it's thriving.
One of the few chicken jerky type treats out there that's made in the USA (Connecticut) and isn't made in China.  Time and time again there are recalls for these types of treats that come from CHINA.  Do NOT buy treats made in China for your pets!  Sure, these are a tad more expensive, but in the long run it will save you money by not having vet bills and save the health of your pet!  I call it kitty and dog candy!  They come running from any room in the house when they hear the bag open.  They LOVE Bravo's real meat treats!
My cat is a picky eater, but he got excited even before the bag was open (I guess he smelled the meat) and devours the treats. The only downside is the size. I understand this was a "strip", but I use them as regular bite-size treats and therefore had to break them into bits by hand (took me a while). I wish Amazon sold bite-size roast chicken treats by this company. I feel good about giving them to the cat, as it seems most cat treats are loaded with bad stuff.
Packaging on these leaves something to be desired - last shipment I received had 2 out of 3 boxes with the corners crushed and when I opened the first one and removed the bag, there were a lot of broken biscotti.  I expect it will be the same for the other box that was damaged.  Given that these are fairly fragile, they should be given better protection from being crushed by the shippers.<br /><br />The biscotti themselves are tasty, if a bit small.  I wish they were full-sized, 3 or 4 inches long instead of an inch and a half.  But as I live in a rural area where people think "biscotti" is a kind of biscuit, these are a good second choice.
Pan Ducale Almond Biscotti were a  disappointment to me, not because they were bad, but because they could not come close to the great Lettieri Prato Belli Cantuccini Almond Cookies.  At best they are low in calories - also in almonds.
They have other flavors but the dogs favorite is still the original. I wish they carried it in the local petstore we go to purchase their other flavors!
We love this sauce and are hunting around to find it and to introduce it to others. Sort of a wasabi mayonnaise--and terrific on fish, potatoes, and many other things (we're eager to discover more).
Was quite pleased with the product. Arrived on time and wrapped well. Would buy again and again !!!!!  Try it, you'll let it !!!!!
The service was excellent, and the patty shells were delicious.  It's hard to find those things in grocery stores or bakeries, and being able to order them on line is a real help.
I bought these for my husband because he occassionally likes a cup of coffee at home and it is a hassle to drag out the coffee maker and grinder when he only wants one cup and it's not everyday.  It also comes in handy when guests come over, because we don't tend to keep coffee in the house.<br /><br />Each serving comes in a little pouch that you can easily slip into your pocket, briefcase or travel bag.  The flavor was rich and at around $1.00 a cup, much cheaper than going to Starbucks or anywhere else and grabbing a cup on the way to work.<br /><br />It dissolves completely leaving no grit or residue.  He first tried it in a 12 ounce mug and found it to be a little strong, but was perfect in his 20 ounce travel mug.<br /><br />[...]
I was absolutely amazed at how good this is.  In my opinion, it is as good as fresh ground coffee beans brewed up.  While I only use when I'm in a hurry, or want one cup, I would not be without it.  (And I have NEVER USED INSTANT before now.
I've been a fan of Starbucks Via since it was first introduced.  As a pregnant (and now breastfeeding) woman, my caffeine intact is restricted to one cup of coffee a day.  I'm lazy and not willing to go to the trouble to make a pot of coffee for just one cup, so I switched to Via.  I don't think I'll ever go back.  I've tried all the Via varieties, including the Decaf Italian Roast and the various flavor blends (mocha, vanilla, etc.).  This Columbia variety is one of my favorites.  It's not as bold as the Italian or French Roast varieties, but it has a smoother and mellower taste and will appeal to those who like a well-balanced cup of coffee.  Good work, Starbucks, and keep the new varieties coming!
Unlike most people, I prefer not a weak coffee but a milder roast than the burnt stuff most coffee houses make that requires many accoutrements to mask like cream, sugar and artificial flavors. Therefore, I purposely only tried the Columbian.<br /><br />I work in a place that has poorly serviced coffee "dispensing machines." They are fun in that you never know what will come out in a day-to-day basis. Some time just your coins back. A few people have illicit electric coffee pots, others use a French press, and still others sneak out for the real thing.<br /><br />Now that I discovered the Columbian Via. I have to defend my cup from all those noses that circle my cup. I know there are directions on the pack; however, I now have my own ritual.  Clean cup, fill 2/3rds filtered water. 90 seconds in the microwave.  Shake contents to bottom of pack.  Rip the whole top off the pack with teeth.  Pour pack in coup and watch sizzle. Stir for a few seconds.  Add a tad of ice. Hope I can make it back to my desk before the cup empties.<br /><br />I was never a fan of reconstituted coffee however I think it is the addition of the micro-ground coffee that adds the edge necessary.<br /><br />In any event you owe it to yourself to try it.
I am a self proclaimed coffee guy. I enjoy chatting about coffee with the manager of my local Starbucks. I also have my own burr grinder, French press, espresso maker and 2 drip coffee makers (2 cup and 12 cup). So where does VIA fit into my coffee life? I typically use a VIA packet when I want a quick cup of coffee and don't want to take the time or effort to brew a pot (12 cup or 2 cup coffee makes).<br />Pros:<br />* Fast and convenient.<br />* Taste great for an instant coffee - it is not quite as good as fresh brewed but remarkably better than other instant coffee.<br />Cons:<br />* It is expensive. So watch the price on Amazon it will vary greatly over time. I tell my wife we are not "Pay the full price people". Put the item in your cart and then if u have time check your cart daily for a while. (I do this for all Amazon purchases since the price does really fluctuate for most items). For VIA I have found that watching it can save me 50% or more on Amazon - the price of this item locally never changes much.<br />* It is not the same as good brewed coffee. Don't expect this to be the same as fresh brewed coffee - all else constant (I.e. filtered water etc.)
As far as instant coffees go, this one is amazingly good.  Usually, I have to use sugar with instant coffee, as they generally taste really bitter.  Not so with this one.  I can drink it straight and it tastes like real coffee.<br /><br />While this will never fully replace brewed Starbucks coffee for me, it is still pretty good and I will be keeping it my desk at work.
This is not a coffee that I would drink on a regular basis. My morning coffee is freshly ground. However, at work I occasionally want a cup in the afternoon and the Folgers and Maxwell House that my coworkers brew is undrinkable. The price on this coffee is a bit high but the taste is better than any other instant coffee I've tried so I'll keep getting it until I find something better and cheaper.
While no instant coffee will ever taste as good as a freshly ground then brewed cup with filtered or spring water, this is as good as it gets otherwise.  While pricey, the packets are handy and convenient, the directions are easy (just add 8 oz of hot water and stir), and the taste is smooth.  I even got a bit of a caffeine buzz.  These instant blends are not as bold or strong as getting a regular cup of columbian or Italian roast at a Starbucks location, but still a very good cup on the go.  I really like this instant coffee and will continue to purchase them.
I use it when traveling or when I'm in a hurry and don't have the time to grind my beans. I was surprised by how much it tastes like drip.
I love this coffee.  It is easy to prepare one cup when you are wanting a great cup of coffee.  Highly recommend - I usually use one-half of the package since I don't like my coffee real strong.
I like this coffee.  It's much better than instant.  I keep some packs in my desk for those long afternoons and I also started carrying them when I go camping.  If I can go wthout another cup of instant coffee from a jar, I'll be happy.
You know, this stuff is really amazing. You can actually create a fresh brewed cup of Starbucks coffee in your own home for less than half the price of store-bought. The quality of the coffee is very high, and the taste is almost an exact replica of the real thing. They have really done a great job with this product.<br /><br />When I first saw it on the shelves, I thought, "Starbucks instant for over a $1.00 a serving? Yeah, right!" But I decided to try it anyway, and what do you know? It really tastes great. You really cannot tell much of a difference, (I suppose you could if you had them both side by side,) but the reality is this: once you load down your coffee with foam, cream, flavoring and whatnot, and you let it cool off a bit, the two are almost identical. Very, very little meaningful difference.<br /><br />So, I can make myself a tasty cup of Starbucks at my own home, with my own cup, anytime I want. It saves me from having to go down to Starbucks and spend almost $1 more. The quality and flavor are good, and the price is actually right.<br /><br />I recommend.
I am not a big fan of Starbucks coffee but I have to say this istant one tastes the same as their house coffee they brew. So, that puts it on the highest shelf within instant coffee family by far. It also has the<br />"kick" of a regular brewed coffee due to the microgranuls of real coffee beans in it. Must have if you are on the go or have no coffee maker near you...
Prepared as directed w/ 8oz of water it is very strong good tasting coffee, not better than fresh Colombian, but very good for emergencies and to have on hand.  For some this might be strong so 10oz of water is more the kind my friends like. A good Colombian coffee on the go but I like my fresh ground and brewed stuff better. I give them an A for effort, finally someone is getting close to that point where I can't tell it isn't fresh brewed but not quite there yet. I ordered it 2 days ago and got it fast, the best by date on mine is May 20th of this year 2011, rather quick to expire or this stock is old? Perhaps that is why it tastes instant?
This is a great stand-in when you can't make it out to Starbucks.  Love having an instant version at home.  Love, love, love it.
I rarely drink instant coffee, but sometimes go to rural India on medical trips. Outside of Starbucks cafes and large western style hotels (in all cities, but not in rural India) it is nearly impossible to get brewed coffee in India. Ask for coffee, and you get instant, everywhere in India (except as noted). Anyway, to get a coffee fix on the go, I've tried the Starbucks Via Columbia packets, and (for instant coffee) they are wonderful, won't fool you into thinking you've got a good cup of brewed coffee, but better than common western office coffee, and much better than the instant served in rural India. The Starbucks packs cost 75 cents to $1 each, and I was hoping the Nescafe Clasico packs would be nearly as good, at 1/8 the price. Unfortunately, not. If you want something that reminds you of brewed coffee, bite the bullet and pay for the Starbucks.
I bought this as an experiment to try on a camping trip.<br />After adding hot water, there was a brief 'instant coffee' taste. But that was soon gone and I was left with a real good cup of coffee.  It's too expensive for my budget as a regular item, but I'll definitely include it on future camping trips, and driving trips with stays at cheap motels.
If you want a good cup of coffee and are rushed for time or your household is like mine and you are the only coffee drinker, then you must give this a try. I admit the price is a little high but for that occasional cup it is well worth it. No bitter after taste like other instants
I tried the Starbucks Instant coffee.. Not only does it taste like coffee.. but there is no after taste like you get with other instant coffees. I give this 2 thumbs up!!!!
Starbucks has once again proven it is the world's best coffee company. Their new VIA instant coffee packets taste great and are portable which gets me through the day. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves Starbuck's coffee!!
Starbucks Via will not replace a well-crafted hand-brewed cup of coffee from your favorite coffee shop, but it's a hell of a lot better than what you probably expect instant coffee to taste like.<br /><br />If your experience with instant coffee stops at Taster's Choice or Folgers, be prepared to be wowed. Those products produce a result that tastes and looks like water with some coffee flavoring. Starbucks Via is much more like a "real" cup of coffee.<br /><br />Another advantage of Via is that the packets are soluble in cold or tepid water, so it's possible to mix yourself a glass of iced coffee right away, rather than having to brew and then cool coffee first.<br /><br />At about $1 per cup, it's certainly less expensive than fresh-brewed Starbucks coffee, though it's still more expensive than brewing coffee at home using a drip maker, french press or whatever other process you prefer. But for when you're on the run or on the road, it's quite a serviceable and enjoyable cup of coffee without too much muss and fuss. I bring Via packets with me when I travel, for example, and keep them on hand for when I'm not in the mood or don't have the time to brew a whole pot.
I drink Starbucks drip coffee. The instant tastes just as good, and is great when you don't want to make a whole pot. Friends could not believe they were drinking instant coffee.
Without reservation, this is the best instant coffee I have ever tasted. I have consumed coffee in many different countries during over 40 years of travel. Starbucks has created a masterpiece with this product. It is a bit expensive, but well worth the cost.
After a slow start at our meeting of guests embracing these coffee packets, everyone ended up enjoying them.
Really very good. Taste is great, no weird artificial taste, no little bitty grounds floating about. This is not crunchy brown water, but an actual cup of coffee. I make it in the microwave and it's great. Get the 10 pack for 9.95 and it's less than $1/cup.
Great coffee for the one cup drinker, or the traveler. Especially great for travel where you have to pack it in your suit cases. Wonderful for overseas where US style coffees are hard to be found. Taste is very good.
It really is great instant. At very first sip, I thought I detected that "instant" aftertaste, but as I continued, I was more impressed. I drink coffee black, and am pretty particular about my java. I do think this is a great product to take on the road, to work, etc. Could do without the Starbucks priceyness, though.
I am a very picky coffee drinker...I was so surprised at the flavor of the Italian roast...8oz to 10oz of water is all you need. I run the water through the one cup coffer maker. It's important to put the coffee in first and stir while hot water is coming through. I guess you could just micro the water and pour it over the coffee in another mug...great for home or travel..we all know hotel coffee is terrilbe.<br />LLHB  ENJOY!
Behind the 12 packets of Via instant coffee, Starbucks placed a brief message, "Never be without." That's a better marketing strategy than, say, "You could do worse." Instant coffee is still instant coffee and no one who starts his or her day with a cup of Joe is about to trade fresh brew or French press for instant.<br /><br />In a pinch, Via is a portable and affordable option.<br /><br />However, I don't recommend Via as a strategy to save money on your coffee bill. A quality coffee press and a thermos will do much better. The 12-packet order currently sells for $8.95 on Amazon, without special offers or subscribe-and-save discounts. That works out to $0.75 per cup, which is about what you'd expect to pay in a standard vending machine. Hands down, Starbucks Via tastes better than anything pouring out of a vending machine. However, each Via stick produces an 8-ounce cup of coffee so, depending which size you normally order, you might spend $1.50 (for 16 ounces) or $2.25 (for 24 ounces).<br /><br />At $0.75 per 8-ounce cup, Starbucks' Via sticks are the same price as SoloBrew's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002QTJ70M">French Press To-Go SoloPress</a>, which I also reviewed on Amazon.com. I still recommend both brands as tasty and portable options over the ubiquitous, freeze-dried coffee sold in glass jars.<br /><br />Rating: Four stars.
I thought I'd be writing a review raving about this product.  Sadly, I'm not.<br />I would never use it for home use.  It tasted "muddy" and bitter. I followed the directions. I even made sure the water was hot but not boiling. I'd probably take it backbacking, but that's it. It's worth a try if you haven't tasted it yet. Read some of the other neutral reviews.  It might help with expectations.
Coffee is good but I don't care for individual pacs. Would rather have coffee in bags like their other coffee is packed.
Sell me more! These things are the perfect breakfast. No, they are just perfect. Better price then the local grocery store and better selection.
Sometimes I just want something hot for breakfast, but don't want to cook anything. This oatmeal pack is great and has my favorite flavors.<br /><br />Recommend it with milk. With water is just too weak.
All of these flavors are great and make for a filling and delicious breakfast. I highly recommend purchasing this item!
This is definitely a great snack or morning breakfast<br /><br />I tried all the flavors and they were as expected....great<br /><br />if you want a good healthier snack or meal this is the way to go!!!
Can't find this product anywhere locally - thanks Amazon!  Much cheaper than 4 boxes of Quaker Oatmeal anywhere, and these flavors are the best :)
My kids have eaten oatmeal everyday since the weather turned cold. It puts warmth and filling breakfast into their tummies. These flavors were great, they loved them! I wish there had been more apple and less banana.<br /><br />The subscription meant we always had oatmeal, and it meant a lower price too! So convenient. Now that winter is ending, I just cancelled the subscription and done!
Are you sick of the regular flavors? Plain, apples and cinnamon, brown sugar....<br /><br />Yeah me too. This really changes oatmeal up. At least for me it did. I have been eating oatmeal for some time and saw these flavors and figured how could I lose. These new flavors are fantastic and I can't recommend them enough. If you think their too strong you could always mix two packets like me and use a plain with one of these. I don't generally do that but I like to use up the plain packets I usually have left over from the other assortments I get.
This particular variety box contains 3 of my very favorite types of instant oatmeal:  Apple Crisp, Cinnamon Roll & Banana Bread.
This sounded so tasty from the reviews and the flavors were enticing...so I ordered some.  We had some for breakfast today and then went to pack the other boxes in bags to go to the homeless shelter.  To us, it is dreadful.  It has the texture of paste and not even palatable...for us.  Am throwing out the box we opened and canceling my order on subscribe and save.  When you consider how easy it is to make real oatmeal, I'm sorry I was fooled by these flavors.
This is a great marinade for any kind of meat. I use it also in stir-fry or fried rice receipes.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004TGWCBQ">Garlic Sesame Marinade & Glaze Sauce</a>
I had this cheese during the summer on a hiking trip through the French Alps.  We were able to go to a small producer and watch its preparation.  It is really delicious, better than Gruyere, to which it is often compared. When oh when can I get it in the U.S?
WE LOVE JAMAICAN ME CRAZY coffee!!! It's smooth and rich with a hint of vanilla and caramel.  This is whole bean, so you do have to have a coffee grinder, but totally worth it!
Caribbean Joy coconut milk offers a tempting price, lower than its competitors.  There's a good reason for its low price: by all accounts it tastes like half the visible amount is coconut milk, the rest being water.<br />Neither good for pina coladas or cooking, this is a poor value and I can't recommend it to anyone.
this stuff really works, i love it and cant get enough.  It tastes amazing  Highly recommend trying it, you wont be disappointed!!
The drink has a pleasant taste, especially when very cold.  Within 20-30 minutes I do feel more relaxed, and my mind stops racing.  I am a nurse, and sometimes after a crazy 12 hour shift, it is hard to turn my brain off and sleep.  I keep replaying situations in my mind, and have a hard time relaxing.  This drink helps quiet my thoughts enough that I can fall asleep.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I usually have to get up in the night to use the bathroom after drinking a 12 oz drink before bed.  I do fall right back to sleep though, so I don't feel like my sleep is interrupted.  Will definitely keep this in the fridge for the end of a hectic day.  I love that it is sweetened with Splenda and not Nutrasweet.  Also, it is a nice "calorie-free" alternative to wine or beer for that end of day "night cap"!
I don't drink soda and have no interest in energy drinks - I love coffee. However, I enjoy chamomile tea before bed. This calming beverage is a great alternative to tea - especially in hot weather. I will be ordering more - wish it were available locally.
I have a very hectic lifestyle and need time to relax. I have always had trouble sleeping as my head is spinning. I have tried lots of methods to try and sleep well but nothing has worked. I saw this product in my local walmart and thought, what the heck, I'll try it.<br /><br />Wow, Why could they not have brought this product out years ago. After about 20 minutes my mind was able to let go and relax and I had the best nights sleep in a long time. The taste is awesome and it does not feel overwhelming like other products.<br /><br />I am ordering more to stock up my fridge, Just Great!!
My wife and I ordered 12 cans of the sugar free Koma Unwind.  I must admit I was skeptical, but I thought I would give it a try.  Boy, was I amazed by the refreshing flavor, but more importantly how I felt about 20 minutes or so after drinking a can of Koma Unwind.  I slept like a baby.  I just placed another order today for more.  I plan to give some to my friends who have trouble sleeping.  What a great concept by Koma. I will be a customer for life.
I was skeptical at first, but not anymore, did it's job and I slept like a baby.  Great taste and product works wonders, very relaxing
I love Koma. It tastes great, it works, and the sugar-free version tastes exactly like the original (to me). I just ordered my third case.
I was at a Walmart in South Carolina and just picked some up. I was traveling and it helped me unwind.
Bought a case to see what it was about.  I am a night owl which effects my day-to-day performance and father-related tasks.  After a can I do feel mellow and finding myself going to bed much earlier.
After 20-30 minutes you do feel alot more relaxed, reminded my of smoking a certain item when I was younger. Tastes great to boot!
This is a very good tea as far as teabags go...traditionally loose tea is always better quality than teabag teas, But this is the exception...being organic as well as the least processed compared to other teas(White tea is the least processed of all teas)...teabags impart a subtle paper flavor that loose teas are free of...these bags are a cut above other teabagged teas(the subtle teabag flavor is less of a factor in this instance)... and are an excellent choice in leu of saving money...It took about six weeks to finally get delivered, but it was worth the weight...This one is a no brainer...!!!
after reading the other reviews, i'm confused and don't think that anyone was talking about THIS TEA! (sounded like most comments pertained to prince of peace green tea, and don't have anything to do with the instant dong quai and red date tea that i clicked on...that being said, this is a remarkable tea...it's delicious, it's instant (so you don't have to wait for it to steep) and it's really good for you...i just love the taste of this, but then again - i enjoy the uniquely-bitter flavor of dong quai (but this isn't bitter, it's yummy!)...for those who don't know, dong quai is considered to be "ginseng for women" beceause it's very high in vit B12 and helps to keep women from becoming anemic (due the their monthly cycle)...it also is said to help regulate irregular periods, when used on a daily basis...that said, this tea is special because it helps to "draw one's energy" downwards (and the red date, adds to this effect in that red is the color of the 1st chakra)...in other words, this tea has aphrodisiac qualities and will create pleasnt feelings when taken before bed (and it's "good for you" and it tastes good and it's a snap to make)...so what's there to be quibbling about?
My household has this tea stocked up at all times.. not to say it's my favorite tea, but it's my favorite day to day tea. We tend to drink Green Tea for its health benefits and as Green Teas go this one is affordable and fairly high quality for tea bag types. A few notes.. you have to be fairly careful about steeping this tea, it doesn't have a whole lot of tolerance from "crisp and delicious" to "overpowering and slightly off-putting". I guess I attribute that to the freshness of the tea. I'm not sure. I've had a lot different results with loose tea in a ball and some herbal teas. While this tastes good when you get it right, if you forget the cup for a few minutes, it's not forgiving. That said, that's the only real drawback to this tea. Yes. I've had teas I would rate five stars, six if I could. Yes, they also cost 5-6x more than this easily for a quarter of the amount of tea. Bottom line, if you drink a lot of tea, this is a good brand to buy. If you don't drink a whole lot and would rather buy something really high quality for the few times you do partake of it, I'd look elsewhere.
This tea has a wonderfully strong ginger flavor.  The bags come individually wrapped in foil packets.  It steeps fast and the resulting mug of tea is murky and delightfully aromatic.  I love it and will undoubtedly use every bag in the next month or so.  The one thing I think anyone buying this product should be aware of is that they add stevia to the bags.  I am usually not a fan of stevia (to me it has a bitter aftertaste) but it was not overwhelming here.
Purchased this tea because of recommendation. Product arrived well packaged and quickly. I am very pleased with this product and will purchase it again.
I have tried this product before and I really love it. The price is fair and I enjoy it...
I am sensitive to Caffeine and supposedly the White teas have 1/3 approx. what Black teas contain. And about half of what the green teas contain. This probably varies all over the place however. Often a decaf tea isn't. If you want no caf you need to look for caf free teas and drinks. I find a kick to this white tea but it definitely is not as bad as some of black teas. My husband and I can't tolerate a lot of tannins and this seems to be high in them as the other reviewer mentioned it's astringent properties. But we temper that with milk or 100% Cranberry Juice concentrates as well as lemon juice or powdered. Good both hot or iced. Looking forward to making sun tea for ice tea with these bags. Look on the net this item is cheaper as are all the Prince of Peace items else where even after paying shipping which is usually reasonable. I hope they don't up the price just because everyone else's white tea is higher. I wish it was available in a loose tea too. A smooth flavored good tasting tea that reminds me of teas I had as a child and at Chinese restaurants. Beats anything I can buy in local supermarkets.<br /><br />I did try the organic version and no way. This one is better for some reason. Stronger and overall a better product even the bag it'self is better than the organic's.
The tea is good and fresh. We enjoy it. The shipping is fast and cost is reasonable.<br />I recommend this product.
You get enough in each package to make a good size cup of drink.  It is consistent in its flavor and the amount you get in each packet.  I have purchased it a couple of times.
If you don't have the time to cut up ginger and boil it for it's wonderful flavor here's an alternative.  This tea is refreshing.  True ginger flavor and punch is wonderful.
Gold Prince has made a terrible mistake.  There are two products.  COLDAID and FLUAID.  THey are different formulary.  Unfortunately they display Fluaid picture on the Amazon website and their own website but the words are COLDAID.  THere is a separate product for Coldaid.  Regardless -- if you order the FLUAID on AMAZON you will get the COLDAID...the picture is not the product...the words under the drop down menu are worthless...as they all default to the same product COLDAID.  If you want FLUAID, which is the superior product, don't buy it from AMAZON or off of the sellers website.  It is a mistake.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002P936UK/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
I found this in the organic aisle at my local supermarket.  $[...] for one box of 100 opposed to 3 boxes being sold here with no shipping or waiting.  I would just like to know if anyone knows if this is a good quality for being a bagged tea.  I'm not a Pu-erh expert and I am looking for something as authentic as I can get without paying an arm and a leg.  Can anyone suggest a good quality??  The only reason I gave this a 3 is because it is something you can find at your supermarket without buying a pack of 3.
I used quotes around the word tea because I doubt that the bags contain tea.  I wouldn't be surprised if the bags contained ground up sticks instead of tea.  I would not give this product a single star; it deserves zero stars in my opinion.<br />This tool is not allowing me to continue without giving the product at least one star.
I have used Fancy Feast for years. When I saw the Marinated Morsals come out, I tried them and no I ONLY get the Marinated Morsels, by request of "Smoky (my black cat).<br /><br />He loves them and more than the other line.<br /><br /> If you cat is like Smoky, where he much prefers cat food with gravy on it, so that he licks through it and gets his meat with it as well. Plus, if you cat likes the smaller morals of food, like my cat does, then your cat should really like the Marinated Morsals.<br /><br />There have been times I have tried to switch to difference brands, but if the pieces of meat or fish are large for him, he will only lap up the gravy. The Marinated Morsals are his favorite.<br /><br />I keep waiting for my Smok to start talking to me, so I can understand his food choices as well as his philosophy on life :-), but until then, Smokey and the others cats that I have had, have seemed to communicate to me pretty darn well as what they want and have all trained me very well.<br /><br />Jon
These guys are quite high on the nutritional scale but on these marinated morsels varieties, well, they hate them.  They get stuck in my cats' teeth and although it can be quite comical watching them afterwards, it just ins't worth them only eating about half a can and tossing the rest down the garbage disposal.  I recommend them for the nutritional value and please try them if you cat loves chicken.  My rescue loves many of the other varieties and this stuff has improved her quality of life tremendously. Recommend!
My dughter used these, and loved the fresh taste of the tomatoes!  Said it was like she had just picked them fron a garden!
I love the fact that this is multi-grain baby food.... but like people food, good for you things NEVER taste great... so mix it with bananas or some other fruit. Yes, the texture is a bit difficult to swallow for little ones, hence why you want to thin it out. I read the other reviews and can't believe they never thought to mix this food with something else.
We love this vegetable pouch for our 18 month old, and more importantly she likes it too. I like that it has sort of a dry texture compared to basic blended vegetables. I stir a touch of milk into it each time and it makes it really creamy. She always finishes it, and its one of our favorites.
My son has been eating the multi-grain super greens with gusto from when he was 8 months old. He likes it cold or warm. Yes, it's quite plain tasting to our grown-up palates but in my opinion great for the little ones. I started putting some cracked pepper and herbs on it more recently. Sometimes, I serve it as a snack, sometimes as a side dish to meatballs or chicken. Highly recommended.
My 9 1/2 month old would mush this around in her mouth and not swallow it.  There isnt much she doesnt like but she sure doesnt like this stuff.  It looks like a weird mushy green stuff.  I am sure it is super healthy but she didnt like it at all.
The grains make this food really flakey. It just doesn't stick together and was falling off the spoon. A major mess really. It also doesn't have a zip lock top and I thought it did like many of the other pouch foods and took this with us out to dinner. I ended up putting the leftovers in a plastic baggie. My baby also was not a fan of this at all and she is not a picky eater. Even my dogs turned their nose up at it and I thought it tasted pretty nasty.
It's more of a side dish than a main dish. Cook in some chili beans and peppers then it's more of a meal. It also made a very good taco salad. It was also good as burrito filling with some extra cheese. This is a good starting point to let your imagination make good great. The expiration date on mine was good for a year, well into 2008.
I made this last night for dinner. It was very good. I substituted the cheese topping they provide with real cheese and then used the casserole as burrito filling. It made 14 burritos (8 inch), so it goes a long way.<br /><br />If you like spicy stuff it is a little bland but that is expected with boxed meals. On the other hand, if you don't like spicy, then it is a little hot...so that could go either way.<br /><br />As a side note--there isn't much meat in this so if you are wanting lots of hamburger, you would be better off with something else.
Of course, it's a taste opinion.  I gave it four stars because it's easy and quite edible.  Probably three stars as just food.<br /><br />Wrap a tortilla around some or eat it plain, it makes an interesting and fairly good, filling meal.  I have no idea why somebody would toss it; it just ain't that bad, folks.  Not the greatest din-din in the world; but not at all bad, either.  But then, if you hate chewing a taco, then you may not like it.<br /><br />Personally, I prefer the Stroganoff and love the chicken and biscuits.  I've ordered the Alfredo, so we'll see about that.  However, these are all easy meals for a decent price.  I'm a retired guy living along, so they're great for me.  Probably a nice idea for a college student or two.  For anyone, a nice package to have around for a busy day.  Feeds two hungry folks, three normal folks.  A bit skimpy for four; unless they're dieting.
Sent this to my mother to help her out with groceries since she is on a fixed income. She said it was horrible and would be throwing the other 2 boxes out. So I would not reccomend this product.
Have roasted and peeled chestnuts all my life. Since I have less time and energy now, I ordered these in a jar already peeled. Tried lots of different ones and found these to be the most tasteful and clean and fresh.
This is one of two licorice mints that I would recommend.  They are indeed difficult to find and at this time (6/2011) Amazon does not carry my other favorite, St. Claire's.  Nonetheless, Meltzer's has beneficial herbs and a mild but definite licorice flavor.  Not one of the "licorice-flavored" gummy candies.  Two or three of these little hard pastilles, and you're done.  No black tongue either!  Treat yourself, and indulge in these little gems.
The Butterfinger has been around since it was introduced by the Curtiss Candy Company of Illinois in 1923. In the 1990s, they put a new wrinkle on the trademark by making Butterfinger BBs. Those were good, but they really outdid themselves when they invented the Butterfinger Crisp! The Butterfinger Crisp is made of baked wafers sandwiching layers of Butterfinger flavored cream. Then, the whole thing is wrapped in chocolate.<br /><br />Yeah, this candy bar is great, a real improvement on the original. It has that same great Butterfinger taste, but without that stick-to-teeth consistency. If anything it even tastes better! The normal-sized Butterfinger Crisp contains 210 calories, but a nice thing is that it comes in the form of two bars, which allows you to eat one as a (roughly) 100 calorie snack and save the other one for tomorrow's snack. I wish that they did that with other candy bars.<br /><br />Anyway, if you like Butterfingers, or if you like wafer-candy, then you will like Butterfinger Crisps. Go for it!
Butterfinger crips is so good its like eating a really fresh butterfinger. I order online because I had a hard time finding them in the stores. If you like butterfingers you will like butterfinger crisp. A light candybar not to heavy on your stomach.
All of my 3 girls - from the black lab, akita, and pomeranian love these treats. I love them because I can disguise any of the dogs meds in them, and they will still eat it!! Great.
All of us like to give treats to our pets, but some of them are just too high in fat or too calorie laden.  My dog was just diagnosed with diabetes, and our vet suggested we use these chicken bits as her treats instead of the normal Milk Bone type biscuits. They are very low in fat and high in protein, very chewy and my dog just LOVES them.  I wish the treats were a bit larger for my Lab,so I end up giving her two.  If you have a smaller dog, they also make these treats in a smaller size.  Also these are just the right size to use as treats if you are training your dog.
Lean Treats for big dogs is a great product and Goldie Loves them, and yes this was the best price and it was shipped on time... Tom (12)
My dog absolutely loves these treats! He's a very picky eater and this is the only treat he will eat.  The fact that they are pretty healthy makes me very happy.
When a locale store started carrying Wellness products, this was one of them. I purchased a bag and my cats loved it. I went back to the store to buy more and guess what; they were sold out. This was almost a year ago!!! They still have not restocked this product because "their corporate computers do all the ordering for them" and not an actual human that knows what sells and what doesn't. Needless to say, this store is a chain pet supply store and well, they have since lost a lot of local business (from me alone) as I have found that I can purchase the same product for much less via Amazon and also get it in as little as a few days.
Wellness Pure Delights are very tasty, moist and healthy that most of our finicky cats seem to enjoy. Definitely will buy more in the future.
Although a little pricey, these are a great way to give your cat a healthy treat. My cat has a sensitive stomach and cant always eat the treats I have gotten for him without him throwing up. I stopped using grocery store treats and moved to Natural Balance but they were too much for his tummy, but these treats he absolutley loves and he never gets sick afterwards. Also, with the all natural ingredients I feel good about rewarding him.<br />(p.s. since they are natural ingredients they are stinky like salmon.)
I usually give my kitten Catswell treats, because they are straight forward with ingredients, and use cage free chicken.  Well Petco did not have them in stock so this looked like a good alternative. He likes these just as much as the other ones.  I tried giving another cat these treats and he kind of smelled it and walked away, but ended up eating it once it was on the floor.
I have 4 cats, and none of them really like these treats. They will eat them eventually, but the certainly don't go wild for them. I do like that grain and chicken free, so they are good for cats with allergies.
I really wanted my 2 yr old cat to like these treats because I already feed her Wellness wet food, which is excellent by itself. Perhaps she's too used to the Whiskas Temptations that I normally give her, but she did not like the jerky bits at all. I did notice it was hard for her to pick up because they're pretty flat, and the texture is chewier than what she's used to. The 3rd time I gave her the treats, she vomited it out. Looks like it's back to the less healthy alternative.
We recently adopted a shelter kitten and our vet recommended several natural food brands that she felt were superior to our regular supermarket cat food.  As we feel our new addition deserves the best we can give her we not only wanted to make sure her regular food was of high quality and good for her but as our vet said, don't forget to check that her treats are high quality/natural too.  As we were already purchasing the Wellness brand from her list, we tried these treats.<br /><br />On first glance I thought, wow, almost $5.00 for this little bag, that's pricey, but they are very small jerky type treats and they last a long time if you are only giving your pet a few at a time.  My cat loves these and we have found that her coat seems to be very shiny and silky-not sure if these treats contribute, but they could.  We love the fact that they don't have corn, wheat, soy or a bunch of other stuff she really doesn't need.  We also used these treats as a training incentive to teach her to sit for a treat....it worked!  People laugh, but now we call her and hold up the bag and she looks up at her treat and sits down.  If you don't give it to her right away she walks closer and sits again....smart kitty and she loves those treats.  This is the first flavor we tried, but have since tried others and she loves them all.<br /><br />If you would like to try something more natural for your kitty, I would give these a go.  We have been more than pleased and these are now the only treats we consider buying for her.
My cat absolutely loves these things. The only downside to them is that they will dry out after a while. Other than that, they're great healthy cat snacks.
Annabelle (my three year old Persian mix) absolutely adores these. She does not like any other treats. These are perfect, because they're chewy, so they feel and taste different from her food. She does tricks for them and always comes running when we bring them out. Definitely try them. They are healthy (grain free) and perfect for any kitty! To the comment about the bag, just buy a treat jar. Works much better, and it looks cuter on your shelf or counter :)
I have discovered the Wellness brand of cat food, and I (and my cat) adore it. I only wish it were easier to afford! Still, Amazon seems to either match PetSmart or have a better deal. (These treats, they only matched the price, but I like Amazon)<br /><br />When I open the bedside drawer that these are stored in, Ariel comes running! She would tear the bag open and eat them all if I were to accidentally leave it out! She LOVES these treats.<br /><br />I am glad that I can spoil my cat with healthy treats/food like the Wellness brand. I highly recommend these treats, although as long as they remain 4.99 you might want to first purchase from a local pet store to make sure your cat likes them.
I bought these for my cat and if I give them to him, he'll eat them, but it's not the type of treat he'll do tricks for or run over to eat. It's a healthier alternative to other treats, but I wouldn't buy them again because my main point of buying treats is to train my cat to do tricks or reward him for good behavior. These treats simply don't entice him enough to really be a treat.
The ingredients are good and my cat loves it. She's never walked away from it, so I was very surprised when my son's cats did. I decided to rate it from my cat's point of view.
This product is really a hit or miss. My cat does not seem to go crazy over these treats....Sometimes he does not eat these right away.
I have 2 cats.  One will eat anything.  The other one is soooo picky.  She's had to have some of her teeth removed due to a mouth virus, so I needed to find some good soft treats.  She likes these more than anything I've tried.  They are really thing little tiny strips.  I like Wellness, all natural products.  Both cats like their brand cat food as well.
On the first offer my ferret didn't want the treat. But a couple of days later I noticed him trying to steal the whole bag, so I offered a piece again. This time, and ever since, he's loved it. Go figure!<br /><br />I like this treat for ferrets because the pieces are appropriately sized (ie- small) for a ferret, and the ingredients and stats are superior to most ferret treats! His digestion has been less affected by these than by many ferret treats also :)
Great natural treat for my cat, whose health I want to keep strong for many years. And he loves them!!!
I got these for my kitten and he loves them.<br /><br />The comment made about the bag being hard to open isn't really that big of a deal, I haven't had any problems closing or opening properly. Though, I would much prefer a container type packaging since those are easier to get into especially if you're training a cat you don't want to hold a bunch of cat treats in your hand because the bag keeps closing on you. But the bag closes/opens like any other zip lock.<br /><br />I feed my kitten chicken flavored cat food, so I try and offset the treats with a different meat and Wellness salmon treats work great and it's healthy without all those fillers.<br /><br />This review is for the treat NOT the bag, so I highly recommended this. 5 stars.
My cat seems to really like these.  As one reviewer said, they will dry out if the bag isn't sealed.  I haven't had any problems with sealing the bag that I purchased.
I liked that these treats didn't have anything gross in them (i.e., corn, wheat, soy, by-products).  My cats don't really care for salmon, but i thought since it was mixed with turkey, which they love, they might like them. Well they didn't, they took one sniff and wanted nothing to do with them.  Though my inside cats didn't want them, the stray cats outside loved them.
My cats loved the treats but everytime I try to use the bags zipper to close it up I gotta fiddle with it for a while just to close the bag. Eventually The bag didn't close properly and all the treats dried out causing the cats to lose interest. I plan to buy another but this time I will dump it in my own container.
I bought one of these bones for my lab/shepard mix, 65 pound dog, and she loved it.  I bought the first one from Petco and the large size was 8 dollars.  Amazon is over 50% cheaper and there is free shipping.  Before committing to 8 bones, you can do what I did and head on over to your local pet shop to see if they carry these bones and then see if your dog likes them.  It takes my lab about 1 hour to eat the whole bone.  I really like that it breaks into small pieces which eliminates my worries about my dog choking on a big piece of bone.
I have a 10 month old Weimaraner that loved the Busy Bone Chewbone treat. He has some separation anxiety and they can help keep him calm. It takes him about 15-20 minutes to eat but it is long enough for him to calm himself down. I just make sure he keeps it off white stuff. The red  center bleeds a little if he drops the wet side down or a piece gets broken off and falls on a light surface.  My dog will chew on one end then leave it if he gets distracted then come back and chew on the other end and the wet side dies surface he is on. I have been able to clean it out of stuff easily enough but it is a little bit of a annoying that I have to. I also wish they were cheaper.
I had pretty high hopes for the Busy Bone. I have a large, active chewer (the kind of dog that has to have several bones to choose from all the time if you don't want her to chew up your bed frame). I was hoping that with the Busy Bone's 'long-lasting' promise, I might be able to just give her one of these and at least have time to wash the dishes. Why don't I describe what happened next...<br />I was in the kitchen washing the dishes. It had been about fifteen minutes since I'd given the dog the bone. Deeply absorbed in annoyance with myself for not rinsing said dishes, I was scrubbing vigorously when an awful sound met my ears: a terrible and hauntingly familiar crunching noise. The dog was eating my bed. So I go into the bedroom to scold her and even before I get a chance to look at the bed frame, I am struck by the mess she has caused. The Busy Bone somehow leaves little brown crumbles ALL over the floor. Too small and numerous to pick up by hand and too gushy for the vacuum cleaner to clean up, the oobleck has to be washed out of the carpet with a dish rag. And did I mention that they're expensive?<br />I will continue to stick with real bones that I purchase from the butcher. They're cheaper, they last longer, and they don't leave a terrible mess.
My dog demolished her busy bone in under 5 minutes. I think she basically ate it, which was a huge disappointment. We were hoping for something that we could give her that she would ENJOY, but also something that would last a bit longer. In addition to being more of a treat than a chew, these things are messy. She had it all over the floor around her,and all over her paws. It makes a sticky...goop that isn't very easy to clean up. I definitely won't buy these again, it's too expensive to only last 5 minutes.
I like the busy bones.  My pit has to work at it a bit harder than she does some of other "large" bones on the market.  I do wish it would last a little longer.  She can finish one in under 5 minutes.  I'm giving it to her because I want her to be BUSY.  Not distracted for 5 minutes.
I buy this as a special treat. It lasts about an hour and my large dog really enjoys it.
These bones are pricey but my German Shepard loves them. Because the bones are so dense and heavy they take a lot longer to devour, hence the name, Busy Bone.
Our German Short Haired Pointer goes crazy for these bones.  They are big, tough and it takes our 100 pound dog a good hour to chew through this!
This quality product is my dogs favorite healthy chew treat.  They enjoy the Purina Busy Bone, immensely.  They prefer this treat to rawhide chews and do not quit on the Purina Busy Bone until it is finished.
I write this letter after considerable thought and anguish.  On Friday morning, February 25, 2011, I was awakened by the screams of my fianc&eacute;e Lori as she sat on the living room floor cradling Greta, our 2 ½ year-old registered female Pug.  Greta crawled under the coffee table and there choked to death alone on a Purina Busy Bone.<br /><br />I'm left wondering how Purina, a company with a name as iconic as Betty Crocker, Bayer, Gerber and General Mills, could have not only manufactured such a lethal product, but, as I've since discovered on the Internet, has had issues with it in the deaths of other dogs for some time - and not pulled this dangerous item from the shelves.  I find this absolutely appalling.  I'm 57 years-old and I've put my trust in Purina products since I was a child.  And now our beloved Greta, purchased from a breeder as an adorable puppy in the fall of 2008, is dead because of your product.  And Lori, my sweetheart of 32 years, a stroke victim in 2004 and who most certainly can do without this kind of stressful catastrophe; a great animal lover, has had her heart torn asunder.  She's simply devastated - and angry.  And so am I.<br /> Did you know that in the United States its citizens spend more on their pets than their children?  Are you familiar with the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show series which includes the world's finest breeds in competition for "Best in Show," including the Chinese Pug?  Do you have any idea of the loss we've suffered at your negligent hands?<br /> I could talk about the money we paid for Greta from the breeder, and having her spayed (we don't breed our beloved pets; we keep them as loving companions for as long as we can).  And there are the regular check-ups, and shots and so on.  I find it bitterly ironic that the veterinary office we use is within walking distance of the Kroger store from which we purchased your killing Busy Bone.<br /> I have a 91 year-old father who lives alone.  I visit him at least twice a week, sometimes more if time allows.  He certainly appreciates those visits.  But he also has a fulltime companion - Spencer, his Jack Russell terrier.  Spencer will turn 12 in May.  Dad is disabled, uses a walker, is scheduled for heart-valve replacement surgery at the Cleveland Clinic, and has a myriad of other health issues.  Yet despite them he has managed to take very good care of his dog.  And I believe if it weren't for the loving attention Spencer gives dad, he would not be alive today.  His dog has given him something special - the gift of life.  Something which Purina has stolen away from us.  You'd think that Purina would have the same consideration for the welfare of dogs in this country as a disabled 91 year-old man.  But tragically that's not the case.<br /> Yet there's more.  We also have a male pug which we named Winston because he has the same tenacious bulldog features etched into his amazing face as that of Winston Churchill.  Winston, like Greta was, is truly an individual - a soulful companion.  And like us, he's now subdued.  He's actually depressed because his playmate has disappeared and he doesn't understand why.  This concerns me.<br /> I am a professional photographer and writer by trade.  I work with the general public and I have to present a side to it which instills confidence.  Writing, by nature, requires a certain state of mind as well.  As a result of losing Greta, all I can think about now is me handing her a Busy Bone, not knowing that it would snatch her away from us forever a short while later.  The guilt is killing me.  How can I write?  How can I do anything?  Grief passes they say.  But tragic memories remain fixed for a lifetime.  And what makes things worse in this case is that Greta's death could have been prevented.<br /> Though both Winston and Greta liked the Busy Bone, several times in the past Greta had gagged on it.  So, I served her a smaller portion each time, which, after careful observation I assumed resolved the problem.  In retrospect I should have responded more to the concerns Lori expressed over this potential danger to begin with.  In a brief moment, while we were in another room, Greta died because of your product.  And why should such a product even exist?  Why wasn't it at least labeled as a choking hazard?  Why didn't Purina conduct the adequate safety research before releasing this product to the stores?<br /> The answer is self-evident: Gross negligence.  A negligence which has caused the death of not only our beloved Greta and other dogs, but has now indelibly left its mark in Lori's and my life.  We'll never be able to erase the painful images seared into our minds of her lying still on the floor.  I lie awake at night thinking about it now, as well as remembering digging her grave in our backyard through such anguish that even I, a writer, cannot express in words.  It's now the closest we can get to our special friend.  We are utterly distraught.  Greta, only 2 ½ years-old, healthy and in her prime, a wonderful, loving companion, is gone forever.  It's a horrid loss that cannot be replaced - thanks to Purina.<br /> The very least Purina can do is pull all forms of the Busy Bone from the market immediately, and to conduct adequate, responsible research in the future before releasing any Purina product.<br /><br /> Karl and Lori<br /> Former owners of beloved Greta, purebred female pug.  Our baby.  Gone forever.
Bought these for my two dogs, one and English Mastiff and the other a Black Mouth Cur [...].  I thought it might keep them occupied for at least an hour as other reviewers had stated. Well, of course, my dogs had to be different. 10 minutes flat, all chewed and gone. I might add, both of my dogs are aggressive chewers and that's the reason I went looking for something that would last. For other dogs, who chew normally, it may well last for an hour or so.<br /><br />They both love these bones and this packaging is a great buy. I will continue to buy and give as a weekend treat for my boys.
We have ordered Elecare from this shipper twice.  The first time, we received it next day and were very happy.  The second time, it arrived next day as well, but two of the cans had opened and the box got wet, causing the inside of the box to be covered in clumps of spoiled formula.  When we used one of the unopened cans (we had to since we had nothing else to feed the baby and this product is not sold in stores) the baby became sick for several days.
Overpriced beans, they are packed in a glass tube that is not air tight.<br /><br />The beans were thin and almost dry.<br /><br />Get the cheaper options at amazon instead, they are much better and way cheaper...
Very tasty, I used it for years, they recently added more red peppers and that's makes it more spicy that I prefer, but it still very good.
We were unable to find this in any of our supermarkets since April. Finally decided to order it. Service was fast and product was what we were looking for. For any of you who have never tried this, it makes mongolian beef better than any chinese restaurant.
This product is excellent.  Tried it one night for a quick, easy dinner and the whole family loved it, including my very fussy 19 year old daughter!  Well worth trying for yourself.
This seasoning is easy to use and delicious.  I recommend you add some sliced mushrooms too.  It's a great addition.  Served with brown rice and broccoli - it's a favorite at our house!
I love this seasoning and actually bought it on amazon after searching everywhere to find it after the store i use to buy it from closed.  I use this seasoning with chicken, too.
I bought this once at my local grocer and it was so good I went back to get more and it was gone.  I asked the store to get it again and they never did so found it at Amazon.  Placing my second order today since I am down to my last pack.
This was the first time I have made Mongolian Beef.  My son suggested it, he had it at a friend's house.  So with our next Chinese dinner (I like to make all my own foods) we made this.  It was a tad spicy for me, perhaps I needed to add more beef or a little water.  Will definitely make again.  By the way, you can buy the seasoning packet at Wal-Mart.<br /><br />Redd1295
This is a simple and delicious. I have made this several times, just add beef and spring onions. It is really delicious, tastes almost like the Mongolian Beef we order from PF Changs China Bistro.  One of my favorites and so easy too.
When I lived in Germany I bought this all the time over there. The biggest problem was of course everything was written in German. Since you have a computer just go to a translation website and scan in the instructions and have them changed to English. From there you can use the product.
I had used this frequently on and off over the years and didn't realize that it is not sold in the US any longer.  In the past the instructions were in English on the packet but I don't recall what they were. Now it is entirely in German and no one I know speaks a word of the language. I don't have a scanner so one of the solutions suggested won't work.  Don't buy before realizing that if you don't speak German and have no one to translate you are in a pickle.. I have 10 packs now!  Another thing, all 10 packs expire in 6 months time, so don't buy in bulk unless you plan to eat a lot of sauerbraten.  Rated 1 only because I am unable to use the product and the product description does not mention either the language issue or the near term expiration date.
I would we willing to try this product, and have six envelopes in my cupboard, but unfortunately the instructions are in German.  Maybe I can hire an interpreter??
I recently invited a baby mini doxie into my family and had an existing 2 lb. chihuahua that the vet constantly told me to try and fatten up. I would try hamburger and cottage cheese and all the things he told me and she would either get a tummy ache or just not gain weight. I bought this food with the doxie in mind and fed it to the chihuahua too and she started to gain weight within the week. I now have to watch the portions i give her or she will over gain. Two healthy dogs with the help of this food. When the doxie gets older, I will continue to buy the Eukanuba adult brand.
I now know why so many people recommended this brand. The quality is amazing and you can tell the difference in substance compared to other dog foods. Even the organic type.
Puppy loves the food.  Never has digestive issues.  Love the 16 lb bag, so I only have to buy one per month.
Since I have not been able to eat fat there are many things that I miss eating.  Tortillas were something I ate alot and really missed.  You would never know that these are fat free.  The only complaint that I have is that the tortillas stick together and I have torn many of them.  I would say that in the big picture I would rather have a torn tortilla that no tortilla at all. I plan to reorder when I run out.
The fat free La Bandarita flour tortillas are great when I can find them.<br />Wal-mart is supposed to carry them in my local stores, but they don't.<br />So I turned to Amazon, and now they don't have them either!
One of the best mass produced teas I have tried. Light Keemun flavour, delicious with or without milk and can sit in the pot without tasting stewed. A great bargain in the 6 pack.
I had tried this tea in bags before.  I prefer leaf tea.  When the local shop ran out of Irish Breakfast tea, I tried this instead.  Very good flavor that recalls UK trips.  I would recommend this tea to anyone.
A delicious strong black tea with enough flavor to stand up to milk and sugar. Might take some getting used to if you don't usually drink black tea, but for the aficionado it's one of the best.
As a fan of English & Irish breakfast teas, I found this tea to be very weak flavored.  If you like milder/weaker teas, this may be for you.  But if you like more robust flavors, steer clear of this one.
This is my new favorite tea. It is absolutely delicious and even after it's sat and gotten cold, it's good. I'm not a fan of milk in my tea but I'll drink this without sugar, no problem. It has a naturally creamy flavor. Fantastic tea.
I ordered these as a gift in June. They tasted great! They did not arrive in picture perfect condition due to the heat but I was contacted by the company to see what they could do for me.  The strength of a company is not found in things that go correctly but rather in the things that go wrong and what they do about them.  I would recommend them highly
They were shipped in ICE. That's pretty cool. They arrived in the summer Texas heat without even the slightest hint of melting.
Simply Splendid Chocolate Covered Cherry Cordials! Perhaps the best we have found. I went to their web site and found a large assortment of other chocolates and ordered more from there. They shipped quickly (ordered December 3rd, arrived the 7th). The candy was slightly melted (who would expect 80 degree heat on December 7th? Oh, yeah, Fort Worth, Texas). However, my wife loved them!
My wife is very fond of chocolate covered cherries and has tried just about every brand.  She assures me that these are the very best she's ever eaten.
Very welcome addition to the kitchen cupboard...these USDA organic small black lentils Westbrae Brand come packed to the top in a 15-ounce can and are ready to eat. The ingredients are water, organic black lentils, and sea salt.  Nutrition info is:<br />Servings per container: 3.5<br />Serving size: 1/2 cup (or 130 grams)<br />Calories per serving:  90<br />Fat (trans, saturated) 00. Zero<br />Cholesterol: 0.  Zero<br />Sodium: 125 milligrams<br />Total carb: 16 grams<br />Dietary fiber:  8 grams<br />Sugars: 1 gram<br />Protein:7 grams<br />Since Beluga black lentils are said to have a higher protein content (24 grams per serving?)You can see that these small black lentils are different from Beluga...<br />I was glad to see that nice blue label on the website  for Heirloom Beluga lentils, glad to learn about them and would like to order them.  What I received from this webpage was small black lentils, not Beluga.  Instead of belugas,I received Vegetarian organic black lentils.  Not that I'm sorry about it; the can label has a wonderful recipe for soup, and a vegetarian diet pyramid for nutrition.  These small black organic lentils are delicious and nourishing.  I recommend them to you to try, and I'd like an opportunity to order and try the Heirloom Beluga lentils as well sometime.  You'll like the small organic black lentils, many ways to serve them.
My dog loves greenies and didn't notice the switch from the regular to the lite.  She loves them either way!
This product is very healthy for your body, it is cost effective because is not mixed with other things, it comes with a little spoon with the right measurement for your drinks. I bought it in Peru, and I want to find it in the US.  Is better than other stevia products I have bought in the past.
Taste is much superior to the regular freeze dried that you get in the supermarket.  I would bet you will enjoy the taste as much as we do.
I love cherry soda, but this product is the best cherry soda  that I have ever tasted.  Sweet and slightly tart at one and the same time.  Try it once, and you will be hooked for good.
In the winter when fresh blueberries exceed our food budget these dried blue berries are fine for muffins, breads and puddings.<p>  We also enjoy fruit on our cereal.  In the winter it is often oatmeal and we sprinkle these blueberries on a bowl of oatmeal - wonderful on a cold morning.
Was pleasantly surprised at how good these pretzels were.There are 3 servings per bag at 140 calories each.This is about 14 to 15 pretzels.The pretzels are really filling.The bag has approximately 45 pretzels.I was expecting them to be bland since they are made with natural ingredients but they are very flavorful.Made in the USA is a big plus.
These are delicious,with just the right touch of mustard and a nice crunch.I would definitely consider buying them again.The bags are generously filled,too.
Five Gum is a new product from Wrigley's. I'm always on the lookout for new gum since I like having something to chew while I'm driving. I came across this back in august and was pleasantly surprised. The flavor lasts a really long time and is relatively strong.
Zen brews up to an golden amber liquor.  The aroma is sweet spearmint.  The blending of this tea is excellent--spearmint could be overpowering but they use just the right amount of it.  Slightly sweet spearmint is the primary flavor, then you taste a hint of lemon.  The green tea provides an herbal base for these two flavors that makes the intial impression of zesty spearmint and lemon modulate into a substantial potion.  Very nice and satisfying with a clean spearmint aftertaste.<br /><br />Remember that this tea does have caffeine--however, it does not say how much on the box.  A good estimate might be 30 mg--compared to 90mg for the average cup of coffee.  Make sure you time how long you brew this tea because if you brew too long it becomes bitter.  Four minutes is ample.
Light, sweet and oh so good is how I would describe this tea. I first had it at a hotel at the complimentary breakfast and loved it so much, I went to Amazon and ordered more that same day.
This Passion tea is used at Starbucks. We mix it with two Lipton tea bags for iced tea. Really good, fruity flavor. Great for summer!
The vendor is fast and dependable. The tea is simply the best way to relax and great tasting too. Highly recommend !!
This tea is amazing. I drink it iced with sugar and lime. It will blow your mind. The taste is similar to a flavor of kool-aid that I had as a child. I can just drink glass after glass of this tea.
Sharp orange flavor with a tolerable spearmint taste. I've tried many of the less expensive brands and haven't liked any other except this one and Good Seasons Tuscany. I'm not crazy about all of the Tazo drinks, but this one is nice. I love drinking this tea with chocolate. It comes in an orange package. You can also smell the other spices. Don't make the mistake I make, by adding too much water. As with many products, amazon is over charging.
I had a difficult time trying to find aluminum free baking soda and finally found it on Amazon.  It was shipped quickly and the seller put in several free samples of natural beverage mixes. (which I really appreciated and will use) Very pleased with this product.
I was real happy to find this. No stores in my area carry it, nor does my health food store. I feel better knowing this is aluminum free. I basically use it to maintain a ph of around 7. Works perfect.
Aluminum-free baking soda is something every IC sufferer should have on hand in case of flare-ups. This baking soda is just as effective as regular baking soda, but without the toxic aluminum. Highly, highly recommend. Super fast shipping, too, great seller!
I bought this Baking Soda to clean my teeth 3 times a week.  They say that teeth become noticeably whiter.<br />But you've to to be very gentle while brushing and use "soft" type tooth brush.  I did notice a difference.<br /><br />Also, I noticed that when Baking Soda was mixed with water, the PH indicator showed the highest level (almost 8.5-9 on the chart).<br />This may explain why Baking Soda is so effective to fight germs.<br /><br />It's a good product.
Arm & Hammer's baking soda is aluminum free, they just don't write it on their packaging.<br /><br />I wasn't sure so I called them and they said there is no aluminum in it, and they would have to state it if there was because people take the product internally.  This leads me to believe that there just isn't aluminum in baking soda.  And researching it showed me that there might have been in the past, but not anymore and not for a long time.<br /><br />I resent that Bob's Red Mill writes "Aluminum Free" on their package and then charges a premium for their product.  It's also arsenic free, I hope.  If they label it "Arsenic Free" will we assume other brands aren't?  I don't like that kind of marketing.
Just to clear things up, no brand of Baking Soda contains aluminum. Some baking POWDERS do (so check these labels), but not baking soda. The benefits of this brand vs. A&H, for example, is the way in which they are mined. Bob's is mined naturally so this baking soda is in it's natural state (yay). A&H on the other hand uses chemicals during it's mining process. So, yes, Bob's is more natural. No, you don't have to worry about aluminum when buying any brand of baking soda (this label is just a marketing gimmick ... for shame...). Check out: [...]
Bob's Red Mill Baking Soda is an excellent product for baking with or making your own toothpaste.<br />It is aluminum free and free of any other harmful chemicals. We use it as a safe/legal product<br />on the Specific Carbohydrate Diet in healing my boys with ASD and healing my own fibromyalgia<br />as we have difficulty ridding our body of harmful toxins in foods.
All baking soda is aluminum free. This is an unnecessary marketing ploy to get you to buy their product. Buy this because it is naturally mined and is cruelty free; but do not be duped into thinking that good ole $.59 Arm&Hammer has aluminum in it. BTW the chemical process used to make A&H is almost exactly what occurs in nature; just faster but not cheaper. It costs no more to mine sodium bicarbonate than it does to manufacture. So yes you are paying for a name.
I have been using this product to increase my PH score after a bout of TA State 1 Bladder cancer.  There is no aftertaste and it leaves me with a clean feeling.  Delivery from Amazon's vendor in Kentucky was slow.
Working to reduce m my body'd PH, helping to reduce the effects of my psoriasis, using twice a day first in the morning, last at night, mixing with a half a lemon and 10 oz of filtered water, seems to be helping
I've found this product (Bob's Red Mill Bicarbonate of Soda or Soda Bicarb without Aluminum) to be just as I'd hoped.  I use it in a 3 to 1 (Pure Maple Syrup to Bob's Soda Bicarb) ration, respectively, as an anti-cancer holistic therapy approach to a recent rise in my (16 year) post-op PSA.  I don't have the results yet, as I'm only in my third week of use.  My next PSA lab test will tell the story.  (These tests should be conducted by the same laboratory, as differing labs employ different reagents and the results may vary to some degree.)<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0041CKRJC">Bob'Red Mill Aluminum-Free Baking Soda - 16 oz Bundle of 4</a><br /><br />This product is mixed with the maple syrup, heated and stirred in a LARGE pot (when mixed, the two react and create an initial rapidly expanding and foaming mixture which soon 'settles down') for five minutes, not to exceed 120 degrees farenheit.  The mixture will not remain as a homogeneous mixture; it will separate and must be stirred with each use.*  The goal is to raise one's systemic pH to above 7.  I've been keeping mine at 8 to 9.  Avoid use of sugar, white bread, meat and alcohol during therapy.  One may check several testimonials on the internet by searching for "Maple Syrup Soda Bicarb therapy".  My height is 5' 10; weight 164 lbs.  I average 2 1/2 tablespoons of this mixture morning and evening (before breakfast and after dinner).<br />  *Best to use a funnel and pour the heated/stirred mixture into a clean plastic milk bottle.  This makes re-mixing by shaking easier.<br /><br />I measure my pH at least twice daily, prior to taking each dose, using the Urine test strips purchased through Amazon made by Phinex**.  These strips will also measure one's pH by testing saliva.  (Probably more accurate at the moment tested - as the urine may have accumulated over a period of hours; a combination of high pH and, possibly a current acetic pH level.  The goal is to maintain an alkaline pH level.<br /><br />**See: [...]<br /><br />The author is NOT a member of the medical profession.  This account is not to be interpreted as a recommendation to engage in the therapy described, nor to imply its efficacy as a treatment for any disease.  One must decide for one's self upon any course of action to be taken with regard to addressing any medical condition.
Okay so I bought this product and then had to laugh upon further research discovering that ALL baking soda is aluminum free.  It's baking POWDER that has aluminum in it.  The cheapest baking soda you can find is still aluminum free.  It's still good baking soda though, and kudos to the Bob's Red Mill marketing department.  You guys are geniuses.
I really like Bob's Red Mill products. This item came promptly and is perfect for my baking needs. I totally recommend it!
I got this product for consumption, I took some of the store bought baking soda and did not know it is loaded with aluminum, so glad I was able to find this product thru amazon, and after reading all the positive reviews I got it and started taking some with a glass of water, great product,fast delivery,great price, very happy with my purchase.
I just called Bob's Red Mill customer service (just do a G search for the company, their customer service number is under "contact us" on their site), and I was annoyed to learn that NONE OF BOB'S RED MILL BAKING SODA CONTAINS ALUMINUM. I've been paying $10-15 (with shipping) for this magical 'aluminum free' baking soda only to learn that the Bob's Red Mill 'premium baking soda' at my local grocery is the same exact thing. Call for yourself if you don't believe me. Ugh.
I just called Bob's Red Mill and talked to a representative there.  I was told that the packaging has been changed and no longer states "aluminum free" but "natural".  It would be helpful if Amazon clearly stated that the packaging has been changed by Bob's Red Mill so that one will not be ordering Bob's Red Mill Aluminum Free Baking Soda when this is no longer an item.  It would save wasted time by customers who are trying to rectify  what was sent when it appears that a name change took place.  It would also spare vendors from receiving less than excellent reviews.
All I can say, is that it give me peace of mind, knowing that I am not ingesting aluminum!<br />Can't tell any difference...same taste as the regular Arm & Hammer.
This is a wonderful product...but it comes in a paper bag  which is easy to puncture and when you ship it in a box with no bubble wrap it slides around a lot and you start to get leakage of the product....powder everywhere.  I would order it again if I was sure it would be packaged right so it wouldn't be sliding around in the box.
Great product and nice taste, glad they sell it online, not sure where to buy it in the local supermarket, it was a decent price, $2.11, I just thought that the shipping fee of $4.99 seemed high, but the product seems great!
I was very unhappy when this package arrived at my workplace. The bags were not wrapped for shiping and was damage in route.  When I opened the box the baking soda was spiling all over the place.  I could not identify where the many holes were and did not have acess to a container to put them in so I threw it away.  I made a mess all over the place  What a waste.  I will not be ordering from this company again.
Real salt is good and good for you. Doesnt take much to flavor foods with this product. Try it for yourself today...
Purchased three pounds.  Arrived well packaged.  Am trying to find a replacement roaster of this blend.  This is good, but not great...we'll keep on looking.
This is the best coffee I've ever tasted, and at a reasonable price. Outstanding Coffee ! Thanks, Coffee Bean Direct.
This coffee has a taste so good and so distinctive. Great aftertaste and low acid are welcome additions to it. The best I have ever bought on Amazon
What constitutes a good coffee is rather subjective. You can read countless reviews about it, but you don't know until you've tried it for yourself.  Having enjoyed peaberry coffee (I think the spherical shape results in better roasting) from many different parts of the world , I gave this a shot based on the positive reviews posted and the great price.  Boy, was I disappointed!  The beans are light/medium in roast, has a mild subdued smell.  The beans looked dry, but this is not uncommon for light roasts.  I made a fine grind of the beans, and brewed it in a press. Sad to say, it was the most disappointing cup of coffee I have had in a long time.  The flavor was stale, without any fruity characteristic of peaberries, and reminded me of a cheap cup of joe from a dirty diner.  The worst part is I am stuck with 3 lbs of terrible coffee that cannot be returned (Amazon does not accept return of food items).
These beans are my favorite for making espresso.  I get the most amazing crema from them, especially when I grind them frozen and store them in the freezer.  We have tried quite a few different kinds of beans, but we stopped looking after we found this one.  Using a Baby Gaggia espresso machine.
My reason for the low rating is that there was no "use by" date on the bag, making it difficult to know if the beans were old and not well cared for or if that's just the way Tanzanian peaberry beans roast up.  Not sure how a manufacturer gets away without putting a date on their products, but this supplier has found some way to get around it.  The coffee does taste good, although a hint of staleness exists, but the beans are totally dry: no oil, no moisture is present when they are ground.  I've enjoyed peaberry coffees from Hawaii for years, peaberries are the best of the best beans.  I've also come to enjoy African coffees for their full yet mild taste. So, to find peaberry coffee from Tanzania at such a great price was too much to pass up.  I expect to finish up the coffee I've purchased, but probably wouldn't buy it again or buy any coffee from this supplier since I have no assurance of its freshness.
I agree with one of the previous posts - coffee is a matter of personal taste. My wife and I really liked this coffee, it was fresh and flavorful. If you like dark roasts, don't buy this one, it is definitely not dark. The flavor is very distinct and pleasant, as opposed to some Kuna and Blue Mountain blends we have tried before.
I rarely post a product review, but I feel that I would be irresponsible as a consumer if I did not comment on the Tanzania Peaberry whole coffee beans. I had high hopes when purchasing this coffee and I did my best to tolerate them. To illustrate, I have consumed almost one whole bag of the three, but will have to dump the other two in the trash! The beans are stale, dry, over-roasted, with little flavor. Even loading up the coffee with sugar does not seem to help! I resolved that this morning would be my last cup! I will have to resort to buying the Eight O'Clock brand at my local grocery store. I even briefly considered giving the two unopened bags to a friend, but decided that it wasn't worth alienating him! Coffee Bean Direct, you need to do better, MUCH better...
The coffee was not stale as some have had, but the roast is too dark for a bean such as this.  I believe a better product could be had with the same beans.
We had found some other peaberry coffee previously which had a really interesting, rich flavor to us.  For some reason, this brand just tasted flat to us by comparison.  The search for the perfect peaberry coffee continues...
I purchased this coffee because my subscription Hawaiian Peaberry coffee was wiped out due to unusual weather and insects in Hawaii.  While these peaberry beans are smaller than the Kona, they have a much more full bodied taste.  There were "hints" of cocoa bean and something else I couldn't put my finger on.  It's also about $50 less that what I pay for the Kona coffee!  Gotta love it!
I've drunk whole-bean Tanzanian peaberry for about 20 years.  My first source was the large national retailer and wholesaler Green Mountain, which roasted their Tanzanian peaberry light to medium.  Although the beans made good coffee, Green Mountain's price eventually became higher than I thought reasonable.  An internet seach led me to a small family-owned and family-operated roaster in Tennessee.  Their beans were also light to medium and, thus, had a dry appearance.  That level of roasting was to my liking because the beans retain more caffeine, and the natural flavor of the coffee is more apparent than with darker roasts.  When the Tennessee roaster's computer system crashed and online sales were temporarily suspended, I did another internet search and found Amazon's Tanzanian peaberry roasted by Coffee Bean Direct.  It has essentially the same good taste as the Tanzanian peaberry from the Tennessee roaster, and the price is lower.  I'm totally satisfied with the beans roasted by Coffee Bean Direct, and the shipping by Amazon is quick enough that buying three pounds at a time allows me to place my next order before the current one runs out.
I was in love from the moment I opened a bag and took the first whiff.  However, it did take me a while to figure out the right brewing method, because I found it was much easier to "scald."  Might be just me though.  First I boil the water, but whereas usually I just let it sit there for about a minute to cool, here I actually poured it into a pot and let it sit for about 2 or 3 minutes.  Then I grind the beans medium-coarse (it smells heavenly) and 2 tablespoons into the french press it goes.  Pour the water in, and I let it sit for a bit longer than usual, too (still hot though).  I find that it has a very nice... sort of crunchy, hard caramelized sugar finish to it, kind of tastes like the top of a cr&egrave;me brulee.  Delicious.  I drink it black.
This is really good coffee. Good enough to make me buy a burr grinder to grind it to the fineness I like without having to hawk watch the old bladed one. I've always liked peaberry, generally speaking and this one is a really, really nice peaberry. Full flavor, low acid, smooth. Kinda luscious actually.<br />The only reason I didn't go to five stars is that I have had a better peaberry but it was nowhere near this price. I hope this price stays where it is.
I tried this pricey dog food for my Australian shepherd on the advice of a friend who has a  small dog does that does very well on one of their foods geared for toy dogs.  First of all, making a decision on what food to buy is confusing.  They have many breed specific foods and to look at all the bags is exhausting.  With the help of a sales clerk I picked the Medium Breed adult. My dog, at first did like the food very much but I felt he was overwhelmed by the amount of food I had to feed to maintain his caloric need and gradually he lost interest in eating it.  The ingredients list was pretty standard but did have nice levels of antioxidants and omega oils.  Certainly this was not worth the price tag.
We usually have fresh lemon grass tea at our local Zen center. It is extremely easy to make, put a few blades of lemon grass in a pot to steep and you will get a fantastic tasting tea.<br /><br />This tea is here is a fine replacement for when you cannot get fresh lemon grass. Lemon grass has many health benefits. It is said to detoxify the liver and can lower uric acid levels, this is important if you have gout.<br /><br />Because you get such a large quantity here on Amazon it should last you quite a while. Caffeine free and light it makes a very refreshing afternoon tea.<br /><br />Give it a try!<br /><br />Thank you for reading my review.
I have a lemongrass plant in my yard. I make tea from it but I wanted convenient tea bags to take to work or drink whenever I wanted. The tea from this box tastes exactly the same. It is some of the best tea I have ever tasted. I prefer to drink it hot but it can be made cold. It is such a relaxing beverage. I can drink it before bed because it has no caffeine. I highly recommend this tea.
Bought this product to give to a family member who lives cross country and is going thru treatment for cancer.  Lemongrass tea is supposed to help with side-effects of radiation and chemotherapy. I tried it as well.  Have had other products containing lemongrass tea that tasted better.  Still, good value for the price and could probably be mixed with other teas to improve taste.
This is a good tea that has a nice flavor. My only complaint is that for a rich tea, you have to use extra tea bags. This is sold in bulk which helps off set the price for using more tea bags.
A pack of 18 on any of Horizon's flavors, cost about $15.00 this is RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE!! But the product itself is EXCELLENT!!
These individually packed milk is great for on-the-road.  Does not need to be stored in the frig.  This item came in 6 packs of 3.  Then shipped in its original box and then another Amazon box over it.  The content was securely packed and I was not worried that the milk got 'dirty' during shipping.  The price is the same as in local grocery store but shipping to the house saved me from dragging them from the store while my toddler is jumping up and down the store aisle. The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because of the expiration date.  It is Mar 2012 which is not too far away.  I just bought one from Target(because I forgot to bring one and my toddler was restless) and it has an expiration date of Sept 2012.  Overall, I would still recommend to buy from Amazon.
Regular Reduced fat milk from Horizon received slightly over a month away from the expiration date. My intention was to buy Whole milk but the product description is confusing. I sent an email to the customer support - no response, after 3 weeks I checked and found that they made the picture larger (good) but left the product description without change.<br />As for me, it is crazy expensive shipping while I can get same Fat free or Reduced fat milk at StopNShop or Market Basket. The difficult thing is to find whole milk. Funny that Whole milk as natural product became unpopular. I guess too many people are concerned about becoming overweight:)
I love milk & only organic milk & Horizon is my favorite & these little cartons are great for on the go if not opened can be does not spoil long as not opened great for on the go & packing for a trip
I bought this for a trip and it was so wonderful that I'm planning to buy more. It's a good way to keep your kids well fed with good quality organic milk, even if you are not home.
It's the standard Horizon milk, in small packages that you don't have to refrigerate.<br /><br />The only reason I buy this is I bake, and I hate being halfway through a recipe and discovering I'm out of milk. With these packages, I throw it in the back of the cupboard, and it's there when I need it. Obviously, I use fresh when I have it!<br /><br />I suppose the main market for this is kid's lunches, where you don't want to worry about spoilage. It would be fine for that, although it's about the most expensive way to buy milk (and the price of for this today is twice what I paid, and is currently twice that from other sellers on Amazon, so check around!)<br /><br />They also show reduced fat milk, but shipped me the low-fat.
I still like cherry the best but the blue zotz are good. The turn your tounge blue so watch out for that.
I love this product. Tazo has produced a mild, yet sweet and spicy tea that I can only call magic. Sweet Cinnamon Spice has a flavor all on it's own, and I highly recommend it for adventurous spice tea drinkers looking for that perfect balance.
Once again I find myself trying to like Tazo herbal teas, but they keep putting licorice in teas where is just doesn't seem to belong, to me anyway.  This is another example where I expected a lovely flavored tea and the licorice flavor is so strong, it's just about all I can taste.  I guess I'll just give up on Tazo - who ever blends all their teas has radically different taste buds than mine!
Delicious, flavorful tea.  A must for cinnamon lovers.  It also has a pleasant sweetness that even those of us who don't use sweeteners can enjoy. Wonderful as a hot drink, but I especially like it as a cold drink.
I love this tea and I hate that it is so hard to find! I am so glad it is available on Amazon!
This tea is perfect for me. I have many food allergies and associated diet restrictions, so I cannot have regular tea and many herbal teas. This is a good tasting alternative to plain chamomile, which was previously my only option for tea. I love it! It's hard to find at stores, and was previously sold out here, so I'm glad to see it's back.
This tea was not what I expected.  I love cinnamon tea and was very disappointed with this product.  The tea does not have a strong cinnamon flavor which I enjoy.  This tea has a stronger Rooibos flavor than cinnamon flavor.  Furthermore, I found that the product description does not give a full list of the tea's ingredients.<br /><br />The ingredients listed on the box include:  Cinnamon, Licorice Root, Orange Peel, Indian Sarsaparilla, Chicory Root, Rooibos, Natural Flavors, Star Anise, Almond Extract and Locorice Extract
Tazo Sweet Cinnamon Spice Tea is a very tasteful tea with no unpleasant after taste. I am not sure what a person can say about tea, but this flavor is one of the best I have ever had. It makes great hot tea or iced tea. It's pleasant flavor is a treat all by itself and is excellent without any sweetener.<br /><br />Some teas leave a bitter or strange after taste but this tea does not. Every cup is very special. Even if you leave the tea bag in your cup for a long time, it never gets bitter. Wonderful product!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E1588O">Tazo Sweet Cinnamon Spice Herbal Infusion Tea, Caffeine Free, 20-Count Tea Bags (Pack of 6)</a>
I tried this first in a sampler pack and was immediately hooked. I put a bit of sugar and honey in it and at that point its basically like drinking a cinnamon roll.
I had ordered this tea, as I have been on a cinnamon kick.  I enjoy it for it's smooth cinnamon flavor.  I shared it with my friends, and they have made all sorts of positive comments on it.  I will probably be ordering more, even though I thought it would be a long time, having to order a case of it.  Thanks, Amazon and Tazo.
Wow, very weird taste.  I typically like all the ingredients, but this mix just tastes wrong.  It's somewhat similar to sarsaparilla tea, but with a licorice aftertaste.  It isn't so bad that I couldn't finish the first cup, but not my cup of tea.
Our small family member loves these slivers every morning. He sits and waits to get one. These are just the right size for him. Thank you for giving us a great produce. Will order again.
I ordered it 2 times and never had a problem like the reviewer above and I gonna compare it with my fav brand" Crown Prince" later then i 'll order it again . Delicious for making "A TROPICAL FISH SOUP" and more.
Well I bought this item before and enjoyed it immensely. Pink Salmon is very good for you.<br /><br />This time I ordered again, received ALBACORE TUNA INSTEAD OF PINK SALMON. AMAZON DOES NOT DO RETURNS ON GROCERIES SUCH AS THESE, EVEN IF NOT OPENED THAT I CAN SEE. I sent personally an email to Raincoast Trading Company based in Canada, also left a phone message as well. Delayed response, but finally got emails and they were courteous but they redirected me to try help center to get credit and get the correct item. Gone through hoops in the help center of Amazon to no avail. Until I found the Toll Free Amazon phone number, Amazon LLC confirmed they can not accept the return, but will send the correct item promptly. We shall see, awaiting a replacement item.<br />A minor complaint they are smaller can sizes than the normal pink salmon I am used to ordering.<br />Anyone want some tuna? O well.<br /><br />P.S. Updated  review Sept 30th 2009, I finally got the ordered item, partly because the Amazon rep corrected it when I called in and sent it fast! BTW, it cost me a Toll Call to Canada to the company without a prompt reply. That just added insult to injury. Well I was able to order from a different merchant through Amazon. Thank you Amazon for coming through :)
I purchased this product to lure black bear to the bait pile. The product has no sweet smell as one would expect. I have asked for a refund or exchange from the supplier, no response.
Ordered these seeds for a recipe that I got from my grandmother. Seeds came very quickly and well packaged. Much cheaper than buying all those small bottles at the grocery store. Would definatly use this company again.
I grew up in upstate NY where this stuff was born. It is pretty much a regional favorite that just hasn't caught on yet - and aside from here, upstate NY is the only place to get it. What you do is use the Spiedie sauce to marinate cubes of chicken overnight, then just grill them up, slide 'em on a soft italian roll and add some mayo. Bam! Good eats! I use this stuff at home in the DC area and I would highly recommend the marinade to anyone looking for a something different in their chicken!
I love this stuff.  My dad brought some home from his home town in New York.  Love it.  Great marinade.  We skewer beef or moose cubes after letting them sit in marinade.  Love it!
I love chipotle. Back here in MA when I live now, it was years before you could find any products with chipotle. Things are better now, but I still have to fetch chipotle things in CA. And I was so ticked off when TSA would not let me take this stuff on the plane. So I have been forced to order this stuff online for years. Of all my sauces though this one is my go to favorite. And it is the roasted garlic-it is a real sauce changer. It adds a complexity to the sauce that is really just different. But I love roasted garlic too. So the best of two worlds combined. I keep other hot sauces around for different ethnic foods, but when I eat hummus (which is a lot) this is the one I reach for in the fridge.
This energy drink has worked for me. I drink one in the morning for my drive to work, and one before I work out at night. Grape is OK, fruit punch is better.
Our cats just love this stuff.  They eat the Ultra Premium dry food and Ocean Fish canned food.  We've given them some of the other formulas and they'd slowly eat them but they won't leave the Ocean Fish alone.
Very Healthy ingredients..compared to store brands..My<br />cats love this..they are Fussy Eaters..so I think many<br />cats would love this food..Will Buy it again.
Tried this for the first time last night and really liked it , it had a great taste . Good for when you want something but do not want to ruin your diet . bought them in the grocer for 7.99 . I thought that was expensive ..Hopefully i can find them cheaper elsewhere
Not bad.  This tea does not taste like an oolong tea.  I'm sure if they say it's oolong, then it probably is an oolong, but it really tastes more like a green tea.  It's also very mildly flavored.  I find it benefits from a longer brew time than recommended.  There's certainly no bitterness upon over brewing this tea as there would be with a black tea, and the slight floral flavor and fragrance seems to be enhanced rather than harmed by this.  The flower bloom is durable: I put an unfinished pot in the refrigerator overnight to try it as iced tea, and the flower survived perfectly well without disintegrating.  If anything, the tea benefited from the additional overnight brew.  Served cold, the flavor comes out even more if you're partial to iced tea.<br /><br />The flower arrangement upon brewing is pretty--nowhere near as pretty or as perfect as the pictures that Numi shows on their website, and it's as likely to bloom lopsided as it is to flower right side up.  Some of them even bloom upside down.  Don't expect perfection and you'll be pleased with it.
A classic Pasta Amatriciana requires this beautiful and mild form of bacon, and as with every other product I have purchased from them, La Quercia has nailed Guanciale.<br /><br />A little guanciale, rendered a bit but still tender, some diced tomatoes, a little peccorino romano, a pinch of crushed red pepper, and you are done.  The guanciale is the star, and this guanciale really stands up.  Served with bucatini pasta, and you might as well be in Rome.
Silken tofu is so versatile: creamy salad dressing, sauce, etc.  So glad I purchased it at Amazon.  The price was excellent, packing fine and delivery quick.
I'm new to tofu, newly vegan, and was dismayed at the price of tofu in local health food stores and the scarcity of it in regular grocery stores. I was hesitant to purchase in bulk, but am so glad I did. I purchased both the soft and the firm versions, and it has been great in every recipe! I will definitely be ordering again!
Morinu Soft Tofu makes the best puddings. I also make vegan mayonaise and salad dressings with it. Works out great.
I love silken tofu and use it a lot to make smoothies for myself and my toddlers. This is good-quality silken tofu and I was happy with the price and convenience of having it delivered to my door. (It's hard to find in grocery stores around here!)
The quality of Tofu is very good. But it is a little bit more soft than what I expected. I will try the firm version.
I am practicing a vegan diet and this is an excellent product with a very good shelf life. I also buy some tofu that you can keep in refrigerator (which cost me $0.99/ea + tax). But I like to take this one with me when I travel and just to have some on hand at home (in case I run out of refrigerated tofu). Excellent product!
This tofu is so silky, my smoothie is the smoothest with this tofu!!  I also like that I can store the extra tofu in the cupboard until I open the package.
I was really glad to find this tofu on Amazon. I eat tofu on a daily basis and this is one of the best there is. I will definitely be buying on a regular basis.
I have been looking for Morinu Soft Tofu, Silken. I was happy when I found that Amazon.com had it. I still don't know if I like it as well as the Firm. I have to try it a little longer.
When I read the description of this it said mini - these are regular size.  Tastes great but my 86 year old mom wants the mini ones and I have not been able to find the smaller dine size ones.
Our two Shih Tzu pups love Ziggies more than any other treat. We have given them Ziggies from the time we brought them home four years ago and truly, nothing makes them happier than when they hear the wrappers crinkle on these treats.  We give them these special treats when we leave for work in the morning and/or before we head out for a while in the evening.  Often we just split one treat in half to share between the two.  Ziggies aren't always readily available to order in the bulk cube and we've gone to great lengths to find them to keep our pups happy and in constant supply because they really bring joy to their little faces.<br /><br />You can use them to stuff into the rubber Kong things but we don't use them that way - we did when they were little but stopped bothering after a few weeks.
the product was exactly what was described.our dog loves these treats and is given them daily.we will be reordering in no time..thank you
I thought it would be wonderful if amazon.com provide some ingredients info..so I googled it and here it is.<br /><br />The KONG Stuff'N Puppy Ziggies unique chewy formula creates a safe and reliable, healthy digestible treat that will not crack or splinter. This irresistible puppy treat is low in fat and calcium-enriched with essential proteins. A Ziggies-stuffed KONG lasts twice as long as the leading chew treat.<br /><br />*Perfect for use with the KONG Puppy, Puppy Binkie, or Puppy Activity Ball<br />*Freshens breath and cleans teeth<br />*Easy to digest<br />*Made in the USA<br />*Comes in two sizes: Small(for dogs 6-20 lbs), Large(for dogs 15lbs and up)<br /> Check our our Recipe Guide<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />Ground Wheat, Gelatinized Wheat Starch, Chicken Meal, Glycerin, Dextrose, Poultry Fat (preserved with Mixed Tocoperols), Propylene Glycol, Natural Poultry Flavor, Wheat Protein Isolate, Oat Fiber, Calcium Carbonate, Salt, Potassium Chloride, Lecithin, Sorbic Acid (a preservative), Titanium Dioxide, Dried Peas, Flax Seed, Dried Apple, Rosemary Extract.<br /><br />Guaranteed Analysis:<br />Crude Protein 12% minimu<br /> Crude Fat 6% minimum<br /> Crude Fiber 3% maximum<br /> Moisture 18% maximum<br /> Ash 4% maximum.
I got sent the wrong item, which happens i know.  I tried to contact the company multiple times with no response.  I finally had to contact amazon and they are returning the item for me...
I've been a connoisseur of fine tea for many years.  Yet, I can no longer afford to frequent the fine tea rooms and tea stores that I used to, which offered my favorite varieties and international brands.  Subsequently, I've had to settle for lessor quality brands sold in most major supermarkets.<br /><br />Knowing how much I enjoy superior tea, my daughter-in-law chose Bentley's Finest Royal Green Tea Collection Gift Set as a holiday gift.  I could not have been more pleased!  *I regret that I delayed writing this review. Yet, with Mother's Day approaching, I'm hoping for another gift set.<br /><br />Bentley's Royal Green Tea is a superb collection of fine tea which is equal in quality and taste to some of the world's best green tea I've enjoyed.  This elegantly wrapped gift-set offers 6 varieties of special blends of green tea and fruit blends, from exotic fruits to popular favorites, such as Mango or Raspberry.<br /><br />Each teabag is securely sealed in a beautifully designed packet, with an elegant artistic image representing the fruit which flavors that teabag.  Bentley's goes further by providing a sturdy wood-like case, designed with 6 separate sections, each section containing 6 teabags of one flavor.  This solid well-designed dark-green case holds a total of 36 individually wrapped tea bags in its six compartments; a case which aptly resembles a jewelry box for the true 'jewels' of exquisite fine teabags it holds.  Indeed, when you lift the firm lid on this elegant case of fine tea, you will know you have a treasure-chest of great varieties of fine green tea.<br /><br />I was especially impressed that each teabag was expertly measured and prepared to effect the perfect aroma and optimal taste for the average teacup.  No other green teabags comes close to the perfect brew one would expect from the finest loose tea sold in specialty tea stores and tea rooms.<br /><br />Whether you purchase Bentley's Finest Royal Green Tea Collection Gift Set as a gift, or for your personal use, you will not be disappointed by the suburb quality of this wonderful selection of fruit-flavored green tea.<br /><br />Maizie Lucille James<br />April 2, 2012
My cat has an iron stomach. She can eat absolutely anything and everything and is always getting into my "human" food and has never thrown up. I gave her 2 of these treats and within 20 minutes, she was wheezing and throwing up all over my carpet. I didn't connect it at first but when I gave her the same treats the next day, exact same reaction!<br /><br />I have tried several different flavors of this same brand and she has had the same reaction! If you are trying these with your cat for the 1st time, only give them 1 of them and just wait to see how they react before you give them anymore.
Both of my cats (age 11) threw up for an extended period after eating just 3 of these. Into the trash they go (not the cats, the treats). Not sure what they were reacting to but thought it would be good to let other cat parents know the risk.
My sweet little Persian looks like she is dying. She's been puking all night because of these treats. How has this item not been recalled?
I have two cats. My big boy has eaten these and never had a problem...as a matter of fact he has never vomited or had a hair ball since I adopted him at 2 months. My girl cat throws up every time she eats this particular flavor. Since I treat them equally these are no longer purchased. I hate to see my girl sick so I just recommend you watch your cats after you give them these treats. If not a problem...carry on.
I've tried it with both my cats, several times. Every time they eat this, and other Whiskas Temptations products, they vomit within minutes.<br />They LOVE it, they WANT it, it's CHEAP but it makes them puke, so, I'd consider this a bad purchase.
Both of my cats vomit from all Temptations treats, but especially the Hairball variety. One of my cats actually is getting hairballs from these treats when he didn't before. I've tried all of them, and minutes after they eat their treats they vomit. This doesn't happen with any other treats like Whisker Lickins or Pounce.
I don't want anyone to think this is an unfair review of the product, it's more of a warning from my own personal experience so others don't make a mistake.<br /><br />When I got my new kitten from the humane society they sent him home with a goodie bag that happened to include these treats. I started feeding them to him and he seemed to like it. Then I noticed he would vomit occasionally. It was only after closer inspection did I realize these treats are for cats 6 MONTHS AND OLDER. I'm sure there's a reason for this, they caused his vomiting. I switched to a different temptations medley and he hasn't vomited since. So keep in mind, there IS a reason they limit these to older cats, they really aren't kitten safe. I only wish my humane society realized this before sending them home with him. I can only imagine they feed these to all the cats in their care without reading the package.
I finally did the research on this temptation treats and I'm glad to see that my suspicions are correct. I have been buying this treats for my kitty for years and suspected them all along to be the cause of him vomiting. Ironically, I even bought the hairball ones to see if they would make him stop vomiting. Now is official, I stopped giving them to him as often, and then monitored him whenever I gave him any. It soon became clear to me that he only vomits whenever I give him this treats. Sometimes he would vomit within minutes, and other times he would vomit during the night or the next morning, but if I give him this treats, I'm sure to be cleaning up orangee throw up off my carpet soon after.  I think is a matter of allergy or sensitivity to one of the ingredients, and they probably don't do anything to other cats but I'm never buying this again for my kitty.
You know, I was searching the Internet for the words "temptations" and "vomit" when I came across these reviews.  I was surprised to hear that I'm not the only one who has had problems with this product.  Within an hour of eating these treats my cat vomits for about 40 minutes.  I didn't realize it was the cause until the second time I fed them to her.  It's really bad because it doesn't cause the cat to throw up all at once.  It's like she can just vomit a little at a time and you're forced to follow her around cleaning up all the vomit ((or locking her in the bathroom (which is horrible)).
We do pet adoptions and also run a shelter for cats. I personally own 7 cats!!! I have absolutely never had a problem with feeding these to any of my cats.<br /><br />They have NEVER vommited from this treat, I have a hard time believing this!!<br /><br />I do know that the recommended amt of treats is only 10.. I have never fed more then 10-12 at a time!<br /><br />At home I have adopted a persian and I often use the hairball treatments with her and they actually DO WORK!!!!! I give her the suggested doce of 10 treats at a time and they are very tasty. Since, I have never seen her gag from hairballs, not once!<br /><br />All of my cats come running when I open these treats. My favorites are the vitamins as well as the hairball and the regular plain I also love to feed them. They love them all!<br /><br />The ONLY other treats I feed usually are Pounce and Party Mix but Temptations are there favortires!<br /><br />I HAVE ABOUT 8 BAGS OF THESE IN MY CABINETS... Because I have a lot of treats!<br /><br />At the shelter I run, we keep all kinds of cats and kittens and we have about 35 right now and NONE have never had any problems with these treats to date. I am sorry that others have maybe had problems but these are the most tastiest and healthy treats available. I also love that they provide GREAT dental care and tarter control.<br /><br />Providing these treats I honestly feel that my vet bills will be less in the future with also providing treats that they absolutely LOVE!!!!<br /><br />My mom and I pay the vet bills for any sick cats, we love cats!!! So far we have been blessed with wonderful healthy strays and none have been diagnosed with feline aids or Leukemia and we do vaccinate and have them tested.<br /><br />Please give these treats a try, they are awesome! Oh and also buy the large bags because it is actually saving you lots of money from buying the smaller bags.. You get about 3x the ammount!
Like many others on here, my cat was vomiting within minutes of eating these "tasty" treats. She really loves them, however they don't love her back. It took me about a week to put this product and my sick kitty together. Finally after a google search, I came across these reviews. I stopped giving her the treats and so far, my cat has been vomit free. Buyer beware, this might not happen with every cat, so it may be wise to start slow with this product to see how your pet will react and build up slowly. Back to her "greenies" I go!!
It is amazing to see the even split on reviews. I have a Ragdoll cat who was having the occasional hairball. He loves these treats and has only had one hairball since (shortly after starting these). I couldn't be happier with the product.<br /><br />I got them at Walmart. The current amazon seller seems to be a rip off.
Not only kept her clear, she put much needed weight on after diagnosed with a chronic illness she has beaten. I've read some of the other reviews. As a former Vet Technician I do ask, if your cat is vomiting please see your vet asap. Hairballs that are very bad can kill a cat.
And they never vomit. They wolf them down, thought I think they are crunching. They haven't TOTALLY stopped their occasional hairball hacking, but it is rare. Perhaps they would completely solve it if I could AFFORD to give them to them all the time. Only problem with this product is $$$. I would love to buy it in a larger bag . . . if they just made one. If your cat's don't like 'em move on, but definately worth a try if you want a treat that also helps with hairballs.
Bobby loves these treat so much and they work very well for hairballs. He has long hair and if he goes without these treats for a few days he is throwing up hairballs, and driving me crazy begging for his treats. I have been able to teach him to stay off of things by not giving him treats too. I  noticed that Bobby always chews them well so that may be the reason that some cats vomit.
My cat is very picky and this is the only hairball remedy that I can give him that he eats and it works!  I don't have a problem with him vomiting at all.  I give him about 8-10 treats per day (and you have to make sure that you are giving them on an empty stomach), and the hairballs pass through his system - he never spits them up.  I used to purchase them at the store, but they stopped carrying this specific type and only sell the hairball/tartar control combo ones now - my cat hates them.  So happy to find these online!
As with most cats I've read about here, both of mine gulp these down without even the slightest tooth mark in them.  This can make them vomit so my trick is to snap them in two so then they have to chew them because of the ragged edges.  I"m used to the snapping since I have Persians (they have smaller mouths than a regular Tom does) and these aren't hard to snap at all.  They love the taste of these although I'm not all that sure they really help with the furballs.  Does anything really help though?! :)  I do recommend these because of the great taste, but try snapping them in two if your cat has trouble vomiting after gulping his/her food.
I was reminded of my mother's cat when I read the comments about vomiting. Mom's cat gulps the Whiskas Temptations WHOLE and resembles a Kirby vaccuum! If you inhaled your food, you would vomit too! With my kitties, it is an entirely different story - they love them, they chew them, they purr. These are not a dietary supplement, they are a TREAT. I even managed to train my eldest kitty to "shake hands" using Temptations. I will definately buy them, again and again.
Not exactly sure whether it really mediate hairball issue because my short hair Russian Blue rarely vomits while my mixed medium hair toby vomits quite frequently, regardless of the treat. Nevertheless, my cats do love it greatly, always rushing to me whenever I grab it.
I have fed my 2 cats these treats the last 2 days.  Within 5 minutes of eating them, they are both throwing up.  I will be going back to the Three Dog Bakery Treats.  Expensive but have never made my cats sick.  Why is the company not responding to so many bad reviews?
My one year old cat ate a few of these and seemed lethargic.  Two weeks later I gave him a large helping of these<br />and I thought he was going to die.  He laid around and would not eat or move for two days.  I will not feed him these<br />again.  Same thing happened to my parent's cat after eating the salmon variety.
My sister gave her cats these and loved them, so I got them for my cats. Our 4 cats have been vomiting a lot lately, and we traced it back to these treats. Google whiskas temptations recall...they were recalled not too long ago and I don't know why they are still on shelves. Don't buy these... They will make your cat sick and who know what else it's doing to their internal system. Please keep your cats away from this product!
I received my cat's treats quickly and the product works very well. The best part is that the cats love it, so I don't have to force them to take their cure for hairballs!
Just like the other reviewer, my cat wants to eat these instead of his actual meals! LOL He's truly addicted. I am glad they have this formula with the hairball control, they have helped out so much and he rarely gets them anymore!
My 13 year old cat wants to skip meals....all he wants is Whiskas Temptations!  He particularly LOVES the ones for hairball control.  He will find the place that they are stored and either knock then off a table or come to me, put his paw on my hand and look me straight in the eye until I give him.  He likes nothing  better that these treats! Got a good deal for them on line...saved several dollars on 32 bags!!
i've never written an amazon review before, but this product was so horrible i had to warn would be buyers; i can eat pretty much anything, but i had to empty out both bottles... it just tasted like colored sugar water (very thin), sickening sweet.. don't know if there was any onion flavoring.. the only reason i bought this is because i couldn't get ken's steakhouse vidalia onion dressing shipped in California.  So far, the worst product i have purchased on amazon.  Buyer beware, unless you like sugar water, then "drink up"..blech.
Bought it first at Costco but they recently stopped stocking it. My daughter loves dipping her carrots in this dressing instead of ranch dressing.  Also great for salads.
Fell in love with this dressing after trying and buying it at Costco.  They don't carry it anymore, so I am glad to find it here.  So much fuller tasting than average grocery store salad dressing brands.  Yes, it is sweet and a little tangy, kind of thick.  (We like it because it has no egg.)  We just don't seem to get tired of it.  Have not tried it as a marinade.  Thought I better add our review, since we appreciate the comments of others.
I like to baste this heavily over pork roast and serve extra on the side.  My family LOVES it!
We love anything with onions and this certainly is a great product.Wonderfull flavor, sweet and tangy;delicious on so many things. We have tried this on plain chicken, omelets, and even hamburgers.Will be trying this on pork over the weekend. Great price; I hope this will always be available through Amazon.
Not sure what anyone else uses this sauce for, but we use it with our roast beef sandwiches and it's amazingly good. Also, I use it for my roasted vegetables or roasted potatoes. It's delicious as a coating with garlic powder, rice flour, and pepper. It is sweet, but not sickeningly so. We love it!
Excellent product. I use it almost every night. Used to be available through Costco, but they no longer handle it.<br />I would recommend it to anyone.
One day my husband and I were at Costco.  They had the Oak Hill Farms Vidalia Onion Vinaigrette on the shelf.  I said "wow" this really looks good but I put it back on the shelf.  When we got to the check-out stand, there it was in the basket.  My husbands says, it did look good.  Now I need to tell you that my husband is "not" a salad person. But he decided to try this salad dressing.  By the end of the month we had 16 bottles of the salad dressing. Costco did not have it anymore so I would check on-line every day until it was available and I ordered 6 bottles.  Don't want my husband to run out of that dressing again.  That's my story and it is the truth
This is the best salad dressing, delivered promptly and in quantities that will last a while.  No other Vidalia Onion dressing compares to that made by Oak Hill Farms.  Sometimes you can find it at Costco, but you can order it to your front door.  If they want even more orders, they can cut down their shipping costs.
Vidalia Onion dressing is one of my favorite salad dressings, and Oak Hill Farms beats the other brands hands down! A great flavor, and popular with my dinner guests. I highly recommend it!
I used this Vidalia onion sauce as a BBQ kebob marinade. Try it by mixing it with 2 cubed pork necks, 2 medium onions (half rings) and 4-6oz of this onion sauce. Mix everything (pork neck cubes, onions and onion sauce) in the mixing bowl and leave it in covered in the fridge for 12 hours.
I use this as my "secret ingredient" for pasta salad which is always a hit! I also use it in chicken, tuna and egg salad and have used it in deviled eggs too. I started using it also via Costco and was very disappointed when they stopped carrying it. I put in a request for them to start carrying it again and we'll see what happens... I'm just very happy that I can still find it somewhere!
We used to buy this item at Costo Warehouse, but they quit carrying it.<br />We really like Vidalia Onion  Vinaigreet and therefore looked for a place to buy it.<br />Thanks great product.
Can't find this or anything like it in our stores anymore.  Good to know I can get it on here.
This will be great with all that I use it for<br /> Thanks, Linda
If you like Triscuit crackers, then this is the healthy version with the same great taste and texture. Amazingly there is not much of a price difference (12-9.5oz for 33.36 vs. 12-8.5 oz. for 29.83)to purchase the better quality cracker. If the coupon offer is in effect, then these crackers are also the price winner! The only disadvantage is since I think these are healthy, I eat more of them at one time than I would normally of the other brand. They are sooooo tasty w/ melted cheddar cheese on top or warmed crab dip. Enjoy!
I first purchased these crackers because they have no soy in them.  My daughter is allergic to soy, and soy-free crackers are very hard to find.  I bought them, and to my amazement, my picky husband also loves them!  He prefers them to all other similar crackers.  I purchased a large number of boxes (which I keep hidden) as they tend to disappear rather quickly.
I've bought three kinds of the Back to Nature crackers now, I'm so impressed by the brand. And with my food allergy problem, I was excited to find them. I normally get the rounds, which are terrific with my Manchego cheese.  So this time around I tried the crispy thins and the Harvest whole wheat. The Harvest whole wheat closely resembles triscuits.  A good thing.  However I'm disappointed they are so salty.  I would've strongly preferred less or no salt.  I'm perplexed about why a supposed healthy cracker would be so salty. So I won't be ordering this one again. Which is a bummer.
healthy, delicious, and great for food allergies! no soy, corn etc. Only contains wheat, safflower oil, and salt.
I love these crackers but not the price change.<br /><br />At $29.00 for 12 boxes; ~$2.42 a box if you sign up for "Subscribe and Save" I was ecstatic. I most definitely signed up for "Subscribe and Save" delivery.<br /><br />Not yet 2 months later I learn the identical item now cost $55.00 for 12 boxes.<br /><br />Bait and switch?<br /><br />I think these crackers taste better than their clone parent the Triscuit. 12 boxes is just right for a two month period- I keep a couple boxes at work. Use them for bringing nibblies to gatherings and more importantly as a stable of my diet because I choose not to eat bread and I love food items with ingredient lists like this: Whole Wheat, Expeller-Pressed Oleic Safflower Oil, Sea Salt, Natural Tocopherols Added to Preserve Freshness.<br /><br />As a big city dweller who uses public trans (I don't own a car)I rely on Amazon for certain essential groceries. I pick them up at the UPS store on my walk home from the train stop. It's one of the main reasons I'm a "Prime" member.<br /><br />I'll need to cancel my "Subscribe and Save" for this item. I like to think Amazon wasn't going to send the next delivery without notifying me of the new price.<br /><br />I can get Triscuits anywhere for ~$4.50 a box, sometimes less. The Back To Nature cracker is now $4.59 a box.<br /><br />It's likely the pricing situation is out of their hands but I'm so disappointed!<br /><br />Looks like I'll be checking out the cracker selection at CostCo.
It's very delicious and I love salty foods .. But I wish that contains olive oil instead of safflower oil :(
These taste just as good as Triscuits in my opinion.<br />I have not found them to be overly salty.<br />I buy these as a cheaper alternative.<br /><br />If you want to know the source of any of the ingredients, you should ask the company. Soy is a natural ingredient... I am not sure what the 1 star review is about.
Back to Nature Harvest Whole Wheats Crackers, 8.5-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 12) - My wife's all-time favorite crackers - only sporadically available at Acme supermarkets and perfectly delivered by the case by Amazon.
Excellent choice for a high fiber cracker.  These taste great and like other Back to Nature items, don't have all the undesirable ingredients you'd like to avoid if necessary. Whole wheat, safflower oil, salt and Vitamin E -- perfect.
I'm not a huge fan of salt, so take that warning with a grain of, well... you know.  For most people the salt on these is probably fine.  They stay crispy over long periods of storage, even after the package has been opened and split into tupperware containers, they're reasonably sturdy, they pair well with all but the saltiest cheeses (wouldn't put blues on them), they pair GREAT with unsalted pb... just a great all-around cracker to keep in the house.  They've become a staple of my diet and, unlike every other cracker I've bought in bulk, and there have been many, they haven't developed some weird off-flavor due to over-familiarization or the cracker becoming stale.  They still taste good, like a simple cracker.  I'll be ordering them again!
My family loves the taste of these.  They're a bit high in sodium for my liking and for the price, I wish they were organic.  I have purchased the Heart to Heart brand, but they taste much staler and have a strange aftertaste compared to these crackers.  Too bad, because Heart to Heart has half the sodium.
Very closely resembles a Triscuit cracker...except there is no soy!  (And a bit lighter.)<br /><br />You will not be disappointed with the taste and texture, it is a quality cracker.<br /><br />Enjoy.
I love them.  My kids and I eat them a box at a time.  We have replaced chips (and other "bad for you" snacks) with these.  Just wish they were organic.
Does anyone realize tocopherol usually comes from soy? I'm still hunting for a cracker I don't have to make. Their website is unclear about it's source.
I WAS VERY EXCITED TO GET THIS THEN I HAD A CUP, I NEVER MADE IT THRU THE CUP...<br />IT IS SO SWEET IT IS SICKENING REALLY, NOW I HAVE TO FIND FAMILY TO PAWN THIS STUFF ONTO<br />AND CHRISTMAS IS A LONG WAY OFF...LOL
My son has nut allergies and US made are not safe for him since early childhood...now 19...The British...Nestle Co. have made a treat for him...thrilled to have his favorite and in DARK, great...and quick service and delivery!
The O ring for the top does not seal properly with the pitcher and you have to tilt the pitcher more than other pitchers to get adequate flow.  This makes the top fall off and the potential for all the contents to spill out.  I just lift the top up a little when I poor to bypass this problem.  The glass is sturdy and the apparatus that holds it is sturdy.  I got some stuff in between the metal ring and glass, which looked terrible, but is easily disassembled to clean.  There is no stop for the screw so over tightening during reassembly could break the glass.
My cats love the food, and it's on the HAPPY list of "Companies that Don't Test on Animals" linked through the PETA site, peta.org.  That is VERY reassuring.
I have 16 cats ranging from 1 to 11 yrs old and every single one of them likes this.  I have tried Wellness, Holistic, Avoderm, Chicken Soup for the..., Merck Homestyle, BG (Before Grain), California Natural, and Evangers with mixed results.  This is the first canned food that all of them will not only eat but eat all of it.  I've fed them the Chicken and Liver flavor and the Seafood flavor so far and they seem to like both equally.  I find it a bit more expensive than I had hoped it would be, but then again there is no waste and I consider that in itself a savings alone.  I'm a firm believer in better ingredients and less fillers and allergens make for less poop, less litter use, fewer trips to the vet and an overall healthier cat.<br /><br />UPDATE:  I have tried all the flavors on my cats and the chicken and liver seems to be the one they like the most.  They have now officially rejected all the other flavors including the seafood flavor that they originally liked.  I also wanted to add that this is a very STRONG smelling brand of cat food, almost overpowering when I open the cans at feeding time.
Our older cat is having some health issues, which I "suspect" could have been caused by pet foods many of us buy in local stores. We've been on a mission to find a healthy pet food we could trust after all the pet food recalls. After going through way too many products trying to find one that did all it claimed to do, we found the PetGuard line of food. This one really does appear to be all it claims to be and our cats are thriving on it! Our older cat loves it and is acting more like a kitten than he's acted in years. Both of our cats fur is silky and smooth and they seem to have endless energy, not to mention they love this stuff! Our youngest cat has digestion problems and most cat foods give him horrible gas.. But not this cat food! He isn't having any digestion problems at all..<br />Both our cats love the "fish,chicken & liver" dinner but our older cat isn't crazy about the "seafood savory dinner". He'll eat it but much prefers the fish,chicken and liver.<br />From my point of view, the fish, chicken and liver dinner doesn't smell too bad, but the seafood savor dinner smells really bad!<br />One problem I have with the food I've purchased from Amazon is that every single can in the case has been dented. I've purchased 2 cases and it's been the same with both cases.. I've purchased this from other vendors and never received a dented can, so this seems to be an Amazon problem.. Not sure why, but some of the cans are really hard to open!<br />I'm relieved to finally find a food I'm not afraid to feed my pets.. I've read articles about this food that state the meat used in it is a grade that can be consumed by humans. That makes me feel much better about what my cats are eating.<br />UPDATE:<br />It's been about a year since we started using this and our older cat is doing very well on it. Amazon was out of stock once when I needed to reorder, so I purchased another organic brand. Not only did our older cat turn up his nose to the other brand, but so did our 2 other cats. They would not eat the other kind, so when Pet Guard was back in stock, I ordered another case and the cats were happy kitties! They all love this stuff.. I think it stinks, but apparently, that's part of the attraction for them.
I really wanted this food to work, as it seems to have good ingredients for a decent price.  However, my cats, who are typically ravenous little mongrels, don't even bother to check it out when offered.  So much for saving a couple of bucks--now they eat Organix.
I've been using this all natural cat food for a few years when I could afford it but didn't think to shop where I buy my books.  With free shipping I only wish Amazon offered a few more flavors.  Since many commercial cat foods are made with Grade D mest (not fit for human consumption) I am delighted to have this choice.
I have found this cat food to be the purrfect choice for both my cat with IBD and my cat with Diabetes. Howard and Miss C are thriving on this diet of Turkey and brown rice and  enjoy it so much more than prescription diets. The price was great too for a premium cat food.
My cats love this food. They always lick every last morsel of it. I love it too because it is one of the best values for a high-quality canned food.
I have three cats... have had cats for years, this food smells better than most, my cats like it, the ingredients appear to be better than the average cat food. So far, so good! i'll continue to use it for my cats
I've been on the hunt for high quality cat food that doesn't cost a fortune. After a lot of research at various sites Petguard was one on my list to try, so I ordered a case from amazon and couldn't be happier. 2/3 of my cats LOVE it, the 3rd cat is a dry food addict and I'm in the process of trying to convert her but it's slow going. Be warned though, this stuff smells terrible, opening a can and dishing it out is like being slapped in the face with a week old mackerel, but that's how cats like it.<br /><br />Bottom line this food is reasonably priced and high quality. It has low carbs, low ash/magnesium, high protein, real human grade meat with no by-products, the vitamins/minerals are chelated for better absorption and Petguard has stated they do not use BPA lined cans. Also, contrary to what the ingredient list here on Amazon says it does NOT contain "Menadione Sodium Bisulfite" or at least the case I ordered doesn't have any listed, so they must have stopped using it, which is a big plus.
My cats both LOVE this food.  I've had varying success with about 7 different kinds of canned food.  This one is a hit with both.  It's natural, mostly organic, doesn't have any junk or fillers, and I have peace of mind knowing that we're giving them high quality food from an ethical company.  Since they've been on this diet they are more active, alert and happy.  Their coats are so soft and shiny and they seem to be shedding less.  Cannot say how relieved I am to have finally found a food they like that is so good for them as well.  It is pricey but if you want to save on costly vet bills down the road due to illness caused by poor nutrition, this is the way to go.
bought both the savory seafood and the chicken and wheat germ, as the kittens liked the fish, chicken and liver flavor.  They are not so fond of it, but will eat if there is nothing else.  Also, they will only eat it as soon as a can is opened, there is no hope of putting half a can in tupperware and feeding it to them later. Oh, yeah, and STINKY.  But a good product if your kitty likes the taste.
Used for less then 2 months both cats fur began falling out bad.<br />Stopped using it & the cats fur is back to fine.<br />Back to feeding my cats Nature's Variety instinct.<br />I baught this PetGaurd product at Fairway Market not Amazon.<br />Will not use it again.
I have 5 cats on this food as well as the seafood. This is their favorite, but they will eat the seafood as well. My old gentleman, 16 this year, loves it, and is doing very well on it. Quality ingredients for a fair price. I do agree with the one reviewer who said the cans were all dented and hard to open. Mine have been the same with every shipment. Don't know if that's why the price is so good or not.
i'm giving this a solid 5, because my old but healthy cat loves this stuff and it's wicked good for him, but i'll tell you right now that this stuff looks and smells quite gross; as long as i don't have to eat it, it's all good.
The cats like this stuff pretty well, for the health of our felines we keep them on an all-canned food diet. This is one of their favorite flavors, I will admit that sometimes you can see bits of fish bone in the can, but the food seems to be of high quality. I wish Amazon woudl carry the organic versions of petguard canned food for cats.
What can I say? It's cat food but without stuff in it cats shouldn't be eating. It is her favorite flavor, but that depends on the cat.
I just got this and so far my finicky cat loves it!<br />One of my friends recommended I try this for my cat as she has allergies<br />that we think are food allergies and so far nothing else has helped.<br />Friend's cat no longer has allergies on this food and I hope the same for mine; only time will tell.<br /><br />Addendum:  She still loves it but for $20 plus in shipping which it now is, I'll be switching to something else.
My cats love the food, and it's referenced on the list of "Companies that Don't Test on Animals" through the PETA web site.
I felt really good about being a good cat mommy and buying something of such quality for my sweeties... Too bad none of the would eat it, no matter what I did.<br /><br />Donated it to the local SPCA -- maybe a dog will eat it.
This is an excellent quality product. I have a Siberian Husky, a breed which loves fish. I have hard time finding fish in canned dog food, so I feed this food to my cat and dog and they both love it. It has rice flour but no rice in it. My cat doesn't like the foods with rice, but she loves this. Sky and Peaches highly recommend this food!
I used to order this product at 25 per box of 12 cans and now it turned into 50 dollars??? how did it double out of nowhere??
I am a huge coffee drinker, and love the k-cups for making one cup quickly before leaving for work in the morning.  While there are many choices, I prefer a bold, strong coffee first thing in the morning.  Wolfgang Puck French Roast is absolutely delicious, strong and not at all bitter, and makes a great first cup of coffee.  I would highly recommend to all bold coffee drinkers!
We always drink Timmothy's or Emeril's. Thought we would try something different. Not too many decafs to choose from. We were pleasantly surprised that this had a great taste with a full bodied flavor. I like my coffee on the milder side so I can even get 2 cups from 1 Kcup.
Good subtle flavored coffee for the mid-afternoon pick me up. A bit of sweetness without being overdone. Wish it was available in whole bean as I like it stronger then the Keurig cup can make it.
Wolfgang Puck's Chef's Reserve Colombian (Dark Roast) is basically what they said it will be. Dark roast, but not too strong. Acidity is on a low side, but with plenty of pleasant taste. At the same time you can drink this coffee black w/o the need for the sweetener and/or milk. This coffee is in European tradition and will please many people. I would recommend it after dinner, but not if you need a jolt to wake you up.
This is the most USEFUL info you will ever need to know about K-Cups, and one that took me forever to discover:<br /><br />Bold/Extra Bold coffee in terms of k-cups does not mean that the coffee itself is stronger, it only means that they included more grind in the cups to provide you with a stronger coffee.<br /><br />There! Now you know.<br /><br />My mom goes for the Extra Bolds only because she has been addicted to caffeine for over 40 years now, and she's frugal and thinks this gives her more back for her buck (or rather mine, since I buy it for her).<br /><br />Unfortunately, out of all the Extra Bold k-cups she's tried, she claims that the Wolfgang Puck is the weakest tasting. She's tried it in both the medium & small serving sizes format, and both have produced less-than-full-flavor drinks.<br /><br />If you are looking for a rich, flavorful, strong-tasting coffee, try the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HKZZ7A">Van Houtte Cafe Honduras Medium Roast, Extra Bold Coffee, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>.
This coffee brews very weak - like a light roast.  W.P. Chef's reserve pods are just over half full.  Put pod on scale and it's 15% less coffee wgt than normal pods.  Stick with normal pods or extra bold if you like coffee that taste like coffee.
I wanted to like this coffee, I did. We've tried other Wolfgang Puck K-Cups and have been pleasantly surprised. This just did not impress us. Bitter aftertaste, and it has an almost sickeningly vanilla flavor. Smells great while brewing, but just does not live up to it in the cup. I'm really disappointed because I now have a box and a half of this product that we really do not want to drink! Great price though.
I purchased these for my mom and she loves them!  She does not like bold coffee flavors, but is more into the sweet and more flavorful varieties.  This one combines the taste of the islands with a smooth, nutty flavor.  Amazon had a GREAT price on these and this is something that I can actually recommend!
This is a good decaf coffee, but I've never before had a k cup dump the contents into my cup. It's extremely irritating to deal with grounds in the cup and machine when deliberately choosing a system that avoids the mess.
Warning: this is a STRONG flavor.<br /><br />I thought that this would be Blue Mountain-y... oh no. It is like... rum flavored or something. Yuk.
I admit I don't usually drink decaf but this is a favorite in my office and I felt it deserved a good rating.
I tried this flavor within a variety pack and LOVED IT!  I usually add cream and sugar to my coffee.  With this k cup I added coconut creamer and found that I did not have to add any sugar!  It was so sweet and light and tasted just like a pina colada.  I absolutley love this k cup and am planning to sign up for subscribe and save on this one!
This Wolfgang Puck coffee tasted great. The vanilla flavoring is just right. Some reviews said it was not so good, not enough flavoring, etc. Don't pay attention to the bad reviews posted on here. I have never posted for a product and I have tried many different k-cups. This is a good k-cup and don't hesitate to purchase this flavor because of the negative feedback. I almost hesitated and didn't buy it and then I figured I would give it a shot. It was worth it to pick the vanilla francaise flavor. You will enjoy it. It tastes better then other k cup vanilla flavors like folgers and van houtte flavor.
I saw the good reviews of this Jamaica Me Crazy coffee, but the reviewers all seem to wander around whether it has coconut, vanilla, caramel, rum or coffee liqueur flavorings.<br /><br />First off, I'm not getting any coconut from it at all.  Some vanilla, but it mostly tastes like coffee with baileys irish cream in it.<br /><br />In fact, after I drank a cup I had to go pick up my son from kindergarten and it occurred to me that some of the other parents might think I was drinking spiked coffee while we waited for the class to let out! :)<br /><br />But its good.  I recommend it to anyone who likes flavored coffee.  Not really anything else like it and I've tried about 20 different k-cup flavors.
With so many choices now, I thought I woudl give this a try.<br />The Donut shop Decaf is by far my favorite and this one falls short.
I used to do the subscribe and save with the Timothy's World Kona, but due to the fact that the price on Timothy's jumped so high, I went to Wolfgang Puck Breakfast in Bed.  Pleasantly surprised, and I must say that I like this one much better than the Kona!  It seems much more smoother, but the taste still retains a nice warm mellow-bold flavor.  Great way to start the day!  Oh, and I love the name of this coffee ;)
I bought this because Amazon had DRASTICALLY increased the price on what I usually buy, so I thought I'd try something new.  I normally drink Coffee People Donut Shop, which is a nice, strong cup of coffee.  This was a little disappointing.  It's called a Medium Roast, but when I brew a large cup (my Keurig has 3 size options), it looks like strong tea - very light in color.  It makes a very weak cup of coffee.  When I brew the smallest cup possible, it's a tiny bit better, but I prefer a large cup of strong coffee.  Think I may try the Rodeo Drive or Sorrento, but this one is just too weak and light for me.  (Oddly enough, the first time I tried Donut Shop, I thought it was too strong...as I had been used to weaker coffees.  Now that I've started drinking the stronger varieties, it's hard to go back to "brown water.")
I wasn't expecting this one to be so rich or full!  Yet it has a smoky finish that is typical of a French roast but doesn't taste burnt.  I think alot of times a French roast tastes thin and yet bitter instead of full and smoky, but not this one! Very pleased with it and will definitely order again.  If you like a stronger cup in the morning, without being bitter, give this one a try.
Very good tasteing product but I need to use it the smallist setting on my B-60 to really enjoy the depth.
I am still waiting for Peets to come out with Kcups, but in the meantime, the Wolfgang Puck's coffees are filling the bill. I really like Sorrento AND Rodeo Drive---smooth and full bodied.<br />JS
As a French Roast fan, I bought this brand of K-cup with high expectations, considering the name attached to it. I was disappointed. It has a hearty aroma and full-bodied flavor but leaves a bitter aftertaste.<br /><br />If you're a lover of the more robust roasts, I would recommend trying the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002L41Y8A">Coffee People Kona Blend Island Style, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> instead. It is a smooth blend with none of the bitterness that delivers that kick you're likely looking for.
Not too bold, not too weak...not bitter.  Good way to start if your not into the real strong coffees.  My husband and I have added the Wolfgang Puck "Breakfast in Bed" line and the "Rodeo Drive" flavors to our buying ritual.
This flavored K-Cup isn't out of this world, but isn't horrible. In my opinion, it's way more flavorful than the Wolfgang Puck Hazelnut K-Cup. We love flavored coffee in our house, and so I would go with this one again. Worth a try.
Never had Hawaiian Hazelnut before so I didn't know what to expect, but it turns out it's pretty good, not as flavored as say DD, but nonetheless pretty good. I have it on subscription now along with the German Chocolate Cake, another one of my favorite flavored K-cups.
This has made me into a coffee lover!  Very  mild and easy on the stomach, but with a great flavor.  Love it!
Nice, light cup of coffee. Definitely not a bold brew but it's smooth and gentle on the stomach.....good for those mornings when you over did it the night before. Would buy again.
This is a very balanced and smooth light coffee great for a first cup of the day.
This is a great cup of hazelnut coffee; smooth and balanced with no chemical aftertaste.  My husband and I like it so much that we've ordered it twice directly from the Keurig manufacturer.  SO GLAD that it's now available on Amazon through subscribe and save!
I'm amazed how many are being so easily fooled.  What you're seeing is a GENERIC ingredient list that covers multiple coffees.  What it is saying, based on the photo I see above, is that IF the coffee type you have is straight coffee, then all it contains is 100% arabica coffee...  But IF what you are drinking is a FLAVORED coffee, then the ingredients in it are Arabica coffee, and flavorings...  But IF what you're drinking is a DECAF variety, then it contains Arabica coffee that has been decaffeinated with Ethyl Acetate, as is standard.<br /><br />So if you're not holding a decaf variety, then there is no decaffeinated beans!  It is nothing more than generic catch all ingredients that apply to whichever variety you happen to be looking at.<br /><br />Sheesh.  Think people! lol
Nowhere in the description does it mention anything about this coffee being flavored. I'm still not sure what flavor it is. Some type of nut. I wrongly assumed that Jamaican coffee would be similar to the Blue Mountain coffee which Jamaica is known for! How silly of me to assume that! I hate flavored coffees so I was so disappointed to now own 2 boxes of such a horrible coffee. It only says flavored very small on the box so I didn't notice it before I opened it. Hopefully I can pawn it off to visitors and buy some regular bold coffee-flavored coffee for myself!
No where in the description does it mention that this is a flavored coffee.  By the name I thought it was a Jamaican Blue Mountain blend but its flavored with a weak tasting hazelnut.  Not very good
I was in a hurry and did not read the reviews...I trusted amazon's description and it did NOT indicate it was flavored coffee and that it was NOT Jamaican...it is very lightly flavored with vanilla so it isnt too bad. I feel cheated.
I thought this was a Jamaican blend or roast, but turns out it's simply a heavily flavored coffee.  The flavor tastes artificial - like fake maple syrup flavoring.  We have three coffee drinkers in our house and none of us could get past the first few sips.  Now I have to find a home for the rest of it so it doesn't go to waste.
I wish Amazon would require any coffee with sweet artificial flavorings to be plainly identified as such.  Then folks who really dislike coffee adulterated this way could avoid getting another disappointing flavored cup of coffee.  This stuff tastes the way I imagine Newman's Own Extra Bold coffee would taste with curdled, spoiled Bailey's Irish Cream dumped in it - nasty.  Shudder!!!
I drink about 4 to 6 cups of coffee every morning - I'm always looking for a new flavor - so I gave it a try - I drank it but I would not order again. steve
I like strong, but smooth coffee. This coffee is strong enough, but a little on the bitter side for my taste. I have tasted other strong blends that I like much more. My husband, who likes a medium roast coffee, is OK with this coffee, but it not his favorite either. I would only recommend it to someone who likes a little tang in their morning cup of joe.
First of all, I have owned a Keurig for about 4 years now, and I've tried lot's of coffee.  During that time, I have had an occasion k cup that didn't function correctly and loaded the brew with grounds.<br /><br />I probably should have returned these before I bothered to open the second box.  Since I drink my coffee from a thermal cup, I can tell you that taking that last drink to find your mouth full of coffee grounds stinks.<br /><br />I have had to throw out at least 6 cups of coffee.  Its a bit like Russian Roulette, and I've started straining it after I brew it.<br /><br />I know that its not my brewer because it is not happening with the Green Mountain, Timothy's or Tully's that I also use.  The good cups are a bit weak for my taste, but the flavor is ok.  Definitely prefer not to waste $'s on a product with a manufacturing defect.
Rodeo Drive is my absolute favorite and I'm ready to order more!  That's if I can find it.<br />I don't know why they are discontinuing it.<br />It arrived very fast.
Honestly, I have to admit that I expected a little better. That's not to say that this is bad coffee - in fact it's quite bold without being too acidic, and pretty satisfying overall. I think my main problem is that Wolfgang Puck's name is attached to it, so perhaps it set my expectations a little high. I have a Wolfgang Puck knife set that I adore, and is very high quality for what I paid for it. This coffee was on sale, so it was well worth it also, I just hoped for something that would knock my socks off - which it didn't. I also purchased the Breakfast blend, and Jamaica me crazy at the same time. The breakfast blend was the best, in my opinion, and the jamaican coffee smelled the best, but was the least successful.
The Breakfast In Bed coffee from Wolfgang Puck is  a good medium roast coffee.  My husband, the regular coffee drinker of our house, likes it, but feels he would like the coffee more if it were a bit stronger.  The product arrived quite soon after ordering.
I'm not a gourmet coffee critic, but this stuff is disappointing.  Based upon previous good reviews, I suspect that the coffee in the K-cups I received is not the same -- they may have changed the manufacturing.  The Wolfgang Puck Decaf I received is lifeless, watery, and tasteless.  There's no aroma when it's brewing in the Keurig.  Never again.
The Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Chef's Reseerve Columbian Decaf is fantastic and very delicious.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a great cup of coffee.
Nice round flavor. Not harsh or botter. I enjoy it with French Vanilla creamer.  Lately it has been harder to find.  I do hope they have not discontinued it!
Coffee tastes great, but the cups get torn apart when brewing.  What a mess that is!!  I am quite disappointed because I do like this flavor of coffee!!
Perhaps my expectations were too high. When I see the name "Wolfgang Puck", I expect to be impressed. This (to my taste) is very average tasting coffee. To be fair, it is billed as a medium roast, and that's what it is. However, it's just too bland for my taste.<br /><br />If you want decaf with more character, try Green Mountain Coffee's Dark Magic Decaf <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006N3I2SK">Green Mountain Coffee Decaf Dark Magic, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig Brewers 24-Count</a>, or Emeril's Jazzed Up Decaf <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004616B3Y">Emeril's Jazzed Up DECAF 48 K-Cups</a>. They are darker roasts though, so if you want a milder coffee the Wolfgang Puck might be what you are looking for.
This is my wife's favorite. She grew up in Seattle and has consumed countless gallons of various types of coffee in her lifetime so I assume this is good coffee. She is also my wine taster as her palate is much more sensitive than mine.
I tried this product solely for the fact it has Wolfgang's name on it.  I should have stuck with Timothy's brand.  This was way too strong to be labeled a breakfast coffee, more like a dinner coffee.  I will not be buying this again, also way too expensive compared to the others.
Love this coffee, but cannot buy it through regular outlets, so am gouged by SASA Corner. Really sticks in my craw paying more than a buck a cup.
We were given a Keurig for a wedding present, along with several variety packs. So far, Wolfgang Puck's Jamaica Me Crazy is our favorite, and we will definitely be repeat buyers of this flavor.
This is my favorite late evening cup of coffee.  Nice flavor, just right before retiring for the night. Keep stocking this brand and I will keep coming back for it!!
It's a great flavor and makes a great cup of coffee. I fine you can have more than 1 cup of this coffee and not feel like it's too much of a flavored coffee. Puck has captured a great flavor with this coffee.
It sure would be nice if they stated ANYWHERE in the description of this coffee that it is flavored.  I love the Bed and Breakfast coffee, it's just plain coffee, so I was surprised when I received the Jamaica coffee and it was flavored.  YUCK!
I ordered 3 boxes of 18 each.............and opened one box to find they were PODS and not<br />for Keurig, AND I can't return them!!!?????  Yes,the pods fit into the Keurig but<br />the end product is weak and awful.  I am most disappointed
I love the Wolfganag Puck flavors.  This Vienna blend is very nice.  It is medium roast so it is not too strong.  Has a wonderful flavor without being a flavored coffee.  One of my favorites.
We purchased an assorted package of K-Cups (by various makers) and of all the coffees THIS is my FAVE!  I really can't see any reason to ever taste-test another flavor!  It smells delicious and TASTES DELICIOUS too!!
The coffee is good. However, at least half of these haven't been sealed correctly. When I brew them the edge of the foil pops open and coffee grounds go everywhere. Not fun to clean. It may have just been the batch we got, but I won't be ordering these again.
Well the creme caramel was on sale so I decided to give it a shot. Plus the fact that each K Cup is individually prepared by Mr. Puck himself. Anyway I quite enjoy these. I never buy flavored ones so overall I'm happy with these but they are definitely not my favorite as I usually buy the bolder ones and these are fairly mild.
Honestly the first time I tried Jamaica me crazy I had to double check to make sure that I didn't leave the pod irom my last cup n the coffee maker. Weak coffee, flavor didn't appeal to me either. Might appeal to someone who likes their coffee on the weaker side. Wolfgang's vienna roast was pleasant though.
Love the flavor, but 12 of the cups in the 24 count box were misshapen/melted, as if they'd been exposed to heat during filling.  My husband used two of the ones that were not affected, so I'm not returning them, but certainly wish quality control had caught this.  The affected k cups are so misshapen they will not fit into the space in the Keurig.
Never got a delivery as fast as we did this time.  We were running low on our special coffee. We have sampled many K-cup coffees, some in assorted packs and decided this is the best.  It is mellow, never bitter and always totally enjoyable.
This is my second favorite after the breakfast in bed flavor. I love Wolfgang Puck coffee. It's a little bolder then the breakfast in bed, but still smooth.
This is our favorite K-cup at home. Mellow and flavorful.<br /><br />Also, I wanted to clear-up the question of whether or not this is decaf - it is not. See the response I received from WP Coffee:<br /><br />"Is Breakfast in Bed K-cup actually a decaf coffee?"<br /><br />"Thanks for reaching out to Wolfgang Puck Coffee. The Breakfast in Bed is not a decaf blend...."<br /><br />Thanks.<br />Mandy M<br />Customer Service<br />Wolfgang Puck Coffee
The Hawaiian Hazelnut is my favorite K-Cup flavor from any vendor, but it's ALWAYS out of stock on Amazon.com; it seems that all of the other Puck flavors are available for a very reasonable $16.54/24-cup price and sold directly by Amazon.com, but HH's price fluctuates wildly from 3rd-party resellers and hasn't been available directly from Amazon.com for months.  As I'm writing this (8/24/12) the price of a 24-pack is $34.99 from the cheapest 3rd-party retailer, which is absolutely ridiculous.  AMAZON, why can't you stock the Hawaiian Hazelnut the same way you stock the other flavors??  The fact that I would take the time to write a review about this should tell you how much I like the product...
The vanilla coffee taste is pretty good and mild, as I expected. But I bought it for a discount from the Amazon Warehouse (otherwise K-Cups are a little expensive). When Amazon does this, it usually means they are trying to get rid of this stock quickly.<br /><br />As I expected, the expiration date is for a month or two from now, so they were trying to get rid of them. I also noticed the seals didn't seem as tight as they normally are. This also could be because it was sitting in Amazon's warehouse in the heat all summer.<br /><br />As I expected, about half of these K-cups burst open while brewing. (This is not usual, and I've tried many different brands.) This made them leak (so clean-up was kind of annoying) and not taste as fresh, but it still tasted decent. Bottom line: When K-cups are discounted from Amazon Warehouse, be ready to pay in other ways! lol
this is just the perfect thing to end a tired day.  the taste is smooth and warm and creamy.  i find that i look forward to having a cup while i read for a few minutes. what a treat.
This coffee is good and has nice subtle flavor. I am disappointed though because I looked at the bottom and it says decaf. I dunno bout you but I drink coffee for the caffeine. In the picture on bottom of box has text but it is so small I did not even consider looking on it. So just disappointed that is decaf and does not say on page when ordering.
This is good vanilla coffee.  I got this and the green mountain and prefer this one.  It has a nice sweet flavor
Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut Coffee for Keurig brewer.  Good medium strength coffee with Hazelnut flavor. Full-body, enjoyable anytime of the day. I really like this coffee.
I really enjoy Wolfgang Puck's K-Cups, so far all the ones I've tried haven't left my stomach churning..and,<br /><br />this was my first time trying out the Sorrento Fair Trade Roast and purchased it on a Warehouse Amazon price deal.  I am really happy with my purchase.  The taste of the Sorrento is what I would expect of a Medium Roast = A good, smooth blend.  No bitter, acidic after taste, and leaves you wanting for more after that first cup!  (At least, it left me)! :p  It's doesn't leave you with the "shhhakes" either, it has that right "balance" you need with your daily cup of coffee.<br /><br />Yes, I will be getting another 24-Count of this when I am finished with this pack!<br /><br />5-Stars!
Coffee quality is as good as expected but, close to expiring. Next time, I will spend the extra few dollars and buy the coffee localy.
I'm a relative newcomer to Keurig coffee, but I do know that I was generally disappointed in the drink produced. However, the Breakfast in Bed K-Cup produces a nicely balanced, not-too-thin cup without being too harsh. I still haven't achieved anything like what I can make either with my french press or with my drip machine, but it's definitely better than the at-work alternative, Community Coffee.
If you like a balanced cup of joe, this is a great choice. The coffee is smooth and balanced. There is no bitterness or bite. Thank you Chef Puck for this fantastic decaf coffee choice!
Smooth with a hint of flavor.  Medium boldness yet rich in taste.  Not a "wake me up" but certainly enjoyable!
My second purchase of this  cofee & like the first cup it has been wonderful to wake up to.  Not too bold or brash but a good drink to start the day with
The best thing that I look foreward to every morning . It makes my day ,the best tasting coffee ever
I really enjoy this one and I've tried many! In my top 5. A little pricey but will order again sometime in the future.
I too purchased this product thinking it might not be a flavored product, and before it arrived I looked it up to see that there was some rumor as to a coconut flavor.<br /><br />So, lets get this out of the way. *********Do Not Purchase this is you do not like flavored coffee. It is flavored.<br /><br />The first thing you notice is a deep coconut aroma, almost akin to Hazelnut in its presentation. The initial mouthfeel is good, a light roast but a snappiness to the roast which settles in nicely with the flavor, which<br />has a definite dark chocolate taste without the bitterness.<br /><br />The finish is semisweet chocolate, Jamaican coffee and faint toasted coconut.<br /><br />Bottom Line: if you like flavored coffee with coconut/hazelnut/cocoa profiles, you will like this coffee.
Jamaica Me Crazy is an awesome smooth coffee, Light Coconut/Vanilla flavorful taste.<br />a good coffee if you don't like real strong coffee.Highly recommend.
I got one K-Cup of Wolfgang Puck's Colombian Reserve dark roast as part of a variety 35-pack that I bought here on Amazon. Since I'd always assumed that I preferred the less-burnt flavor of a light or medium roast, I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed the way this coffee sat on my tongue. It is sweet, full, and gently bitter. I brewed it in a 9.25 oz. cup in an effort to dilute it a little, but I may be gutsy enough to try a 7.25 oz. cup the next time around.
Smooth, delicious, can't wait to wakeup with my coffee! I love all the Wolfgang Puck coffee flavors...never a dull flavor!
This is our first time trying the Wolfgang Puck coffee - so glad we did!!!  It is a wonderful medium blend and great for any time of day!  I would buy it again!
This is the best k cup coffee that we have been able to find.  Very rich flavors and a medium + roast.  We love this one!
I'm not a huge flavored coffee fan. Usually I prefer lattes with flavored syrups. A friend sent me a K-Cup to try and the smell was mouth watering before it even finished brewing. The flavor was strong enough to drink it only with milk; I added a little vanilla syrup when I reheated it. I am not a coconut fan but the flavor is barely there. It is just a unique taste for when you're in the mood for something different!
I loved this brand.  It was the best vanilla flavor of others I tried.  I would buy more if it was a better price.
Fantastic taste, smooth "feel", no nasty aftertaste, pairs great with creamer. What more can one want from a coffee? This has become my favorite.
Best flavored k cup I've ever had! I recommend this for everyone. Great flavor! I've given it to all my friends and they get hooked.
I didn't know what this would taste like, but I'm so glad I ordered it.  What a perfect cup of yummy coffee for a cool summer morning!
Wake up to a cup of Wolfgang Puck Coffe Breakfast in Bed (medium Roast) K-cup for Keurig. is a great way to start your day, or just sit down and relax. Try it and you will be buying more.<br /><br />Shop Amazon for Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Breakfast in Bed
This is a favorite in the office and in my house. We burn through this coffee. I've tried a few of the other Wolfgang coffees and this one is by far the best. I've seen better prices for this at a lot of other places. This is an excellent coffee to start your day with.
I've tried a wide selection of k-cups including the big names like Starbucks, Tully's, Donut House, Dunkin Donuts, etc and they all have something in common.. either too watery (weak) or too bitter (strong). I tried Breakfast in Bed based on the reviews and I was not disappointed. It's flavorful without being strong or weak. It's hard to get a cup of coffee from a Keurig that tastes like it was brewed like a normal coffee machine.. this k-cup is the exception.. I'll be stocking up.
love the wolfgang puck restaurants,cookware,brand endorsed products, all his brand products / cuisine are amazing, i am a loyal fan, yet this creme caramel coffee is tasteless, no real coffee flavor, no hint of caramel or creme, it brews like a bit of steamed milk, that somewhat pasty tasteless feel on your palate. soooo dissapointed as i am such a loyal fan of all his brand, products. sadly,a waste of funds, did not return because i think food items are none refundable.
Didn't realize it was flavored and thought, when I had my first sip, that it tasted like chemicals. F-. Gave it away the next day at work.
Good, but the Green Mountain reserve Sumatra is better by 1- 1 and a half stars. Sort of tastes a little stale.
Wonderful flavor would purchase this blend of coffee again light flavor not bitter at all and price was great the best I found anywhere
I find many of the K cups are a bit bitter for my taste.  I want something simple and smooth.  This coffee is wonderful!
Wolfgang Puck's Colombian coffee is delicious!  I find it to be a smooth and flavorful dark roast with a lovely aroma, yet without a bitter or acidic quality that might leave an unpleasant aftertaste.  It is a bit expensive, like all k-cups, but I think it's worth it due to convenience and exceptional flavor.  I definitely recommend this coffee to others!
Not much of a coffee drinker but this Wolfgang Vienna brand is good. Not strong but a mellow taste.  The flavored coffees are getting on my nerves and this is just a good everyday coffee flavor. Everyone in the family and visitors like it. Would buy again.
I truly enjoy a good cup of coffee. It does give me a lift in the morning. Wolfgang Puck really knows how to produce a fine cup. Thanks.
great service and delivery for a really good product. i am constantly looking for a good hazelnut coffee and so far this is the best, along with green mountain...
My family is full of coffee snobs.  If you like robust coffee and use k-cups, this is the product for you.
While I love flavored coffees, I had never tried any of the Wolfgang Puck line.  This moved to the top of my favorites list with the first cup!  Not only is the aroma delightful, the flavor is excellent as well.  I drink my coffee black and this one has no bitter after taste and the flavor isn't overpowering.  The flavor is a very light coconut and the coffee is a medium body.  I must admit that I was a little hesitant about a "coconut" flavor.  DON'T BE!  Everyone around me wants a cup....I refuse to share!
Wolfgang Puck French Roast is a nice, bold (not too bold), flavorful cup of coffee.  If you like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFSQ6">Coffee People Extra Bold Organic, Dark Roast Coffee for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, then you should like Wolfgang Puck's French Roast.<br /><br />This French Roast has a deep flavor with a hint of sweetness and a smooth finish - a good choice for a morning cup of coffee.<br /><br />Recommended.<br /><br />(Note to Manufacturer: as a consumer, I wish you would use real coffee descriptions(i.e., hints of xxx, smooth finish) rather than fluff advertising like "Bring the aromas of France home with you and "Profitez des bons moments" (enjoy the good moments)!" - what does that really mean? It took me awhile to decide to purchase this coffee because the description gave me zero idea of what to expect).
Good choice for your morning coffee if you like a medium, slightly bold flavor.  Vienna coffee is not a real bold coffee, so medium roast coffee drinkers should like the flavor.<br /><br />Vienna Coffee House has less of a kick than <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXFL1Q">Wolfgang Puck French Roast (Dark Roast), 24-Count K-cups (Pack of 2)</a>), but a little more than <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFUDC">Coffee People Donut Shop Medium Roast, Extra Bold for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>.<br /><br />Good flavor, slightly sweet with a good bean taste that isn't tough on your stomach.<br /><br />To the manufacturer: please revise your coffee descriptions - they are terrible and give the consumer no information on the flavor/style of coffee featured.  If you want us to buy the coffee, be forthright on your descriptions.
I love the rich, full-bodied flavor of a dark-roast coffee.  When I bought my first Keurig machine I wasted no time in ordering all of the dark roast K-cups that I could find.  I initially settled on Newman's Own Dark Roast as my "go-to" coffee, but I didn't stop there.  I like to keep experimenting and looking for something new.  I happened to find Coffee People's Organic Extra Bold blend and was blown away.  It has been my favorite ever since I first tried it.  Last week I saw a listing for a Colombian dark roast sold under the Wolfgang Puck name (it is processed and distributed by Van Houtte) and decided to give it try.  Here is my impression of it:<br /><br />After brewing a cup (I used the 7 1/2 oz. setting) the first thing that I noticed was that it didn't have that freshly-brewed aroma that the Coffee People X-Bold does, however the taste was another story.  It hits your palate with medium acidity and a nice, sharp bite that gets your attention right away. The finish was surprising clean with a hint of spice (nutmeg or cinnamon?) and just a slight, lingering, pleasant bitterness.  I really like this coffee but I think that I will stick with Coffee People's Extra Bold and this will be my back-up brand.  However, I will keep looking for something new.  Who knows what I will find?<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO7GYY">Newman's Own&iquest; Organics Special Blend (Extra Bold), K-cups For Keurig Brewers, 24-count,  Boxes (Pack of 2)</a><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002L444OQ">Coffee People Organic, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>]
I love the names Wolfgang Puck gives to their coffees, but the coffee descriptions leave a lot to be desired.<br /><br />In this case, with "Breakfast in Bed", I expected a much more flavorful cup of coffee than delivered.  "Breakfast in Bed" is on the light side of the medium roasts and has a mild, but not very memorable flavor.  On the plus side, it is a smooth coffee and not acidic at all.<br /><br />A better choice, in my opinion, is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFUDC">Coffee People Donut Shop Medium Roast, Extra Bold for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, which also comes in the 50 pack.<br /><br />ADDED: Another nice, smooth medium blend is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002APWQ0K">Timothy's World Coffee, Kona Blend for Keurig Brewers, Medium, 50-Count K-Cups</a><br /><br />ADDED: for those who prefer a lighter smooth blend, try <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00196QVPM">Keurig Green Mountain Coffee Roasters 80 K - Cup Colombian Fair Trade Slect Medium Roast Coffee</a> (link for product description only, not for best pricing).
One reviewer mentioned that this coffee was decaff and said it was listed as such on the bottom of the box (in small print). I checked my current box and saw no such labeling information. HOWEVER, the new boxes I received are a different color, with a slapped on label for Hawaiian Hazelnut and NOW the bottom of the box says it's made from 100% decaff coffee. While I like the flavor, I do NOT want decaff in the morning, which is when I drink coffee.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I am unable to return this item to Amazon because of their return policy, which is why I'm writing this review, to make sure others know the coffee packaging has changed and it is definitely labeled as decaffeinated now. I would give more stars for flavor, but the lack of official notification in the product description that this coffee is decaff makes me feel as if I tossed my money out the window, buying something I would not have otherwise ordered.
Ok, now on our third box of Breakfast in Bed. We had become fans of Donut House and Coffee Shop, looking for that balanced smooth "Dunkinesque" brew. We found ourselves coming up just a bit short in the strength/flavor area. Corrections were made in brew size and eventually adding in a bit of Emeril's Bold or various dark roasts. Well problem solved with the B in B. Smooth and flavorful and a good eye-opener. (Was worried the name somehow implied less caffeine)Based on our experience in these areas, 5 stars. The "except"? On three seperate occasions out of two boxes purchased seperately, we had "exploding" K-cups! A small pop during brewing that sent coffee grounds spewing over and in the Keurig, counter top, and coffee cup. This at our home brewer AND our vacation house. Messy. Very messy, requiring unplugging and careful cleaning inside cup holder and area. Minus 1 star. Umm, exactly who makes these things and where...hopefully a road bump on the way to sucess. Peace.
I have this flavor shipped automatically now, along with several others.  This happens to be our favorite, and I have to remind my husband the two boxes need to last until the next shipment.  A slight coconut aroma and flavor is so amazingly delightful in the morning.  Not overly strong, and perfect for our taste buds.  Our favorite part of waking up in the morning!
First you must know I am one who roasts my own green beans at home, including Sumatran, but also many African varieties. I like a STRONG cup of coffee. I use K-cups at work because we have no facility for rinsing/cleaning/getting water for a regular machine.<br /><br />Sumatran coffees generally have a very rich, earthy taste; some would describe it as being "tangy" almost. Having tried the two other main brands of Sumatran for K-cups, the Puck is by far the best. It is not as bold as something you would get from Starbucks or from roasting yourself, but it has all the flavor elements of a good Sumatran cup. It especially has that nice earthy taste. Even the aftertaste is rich.<br /><br />IMPORTANT: If you are looking for a k-cup that you will use on any other than the smallest cup setting, this coffee is not for you. In my opinion you get a Sumatran because you love strong coffee. Watered down it loses its distinctiveness. Get a generic french roast if you want weaker coffee with some flavor. I make mine with 2 k-cups, at the smallest setting. By camparison, I would give a Starbucks Sumatra mandheling a 10/10 rating for boldness. The Puck is about an 8, the Diedrich is a 4.<br />I highly recommend this coffee for bold coffee lovers, provided you use the smallest cup setting. You will not be disappointed. Best K-cup I have had yet, and I have tried many- Newman, Timothy's, Donut Shop, Diedrich, etc.<br /><br />Addendum: I have since tried th Green Mountain Sumatran, and gave that a one -star. Stale and bitter. I will definitely stay with Puck's.
I bought a Wolfgang Puck sampler and this was certainly one of my favorites, so I ordered a bigger box and have truly been enjoying it.  This is a classic, medium-roast cup of coffee.  It's very smooth, with no bitterness.  I would say that if you enjoy Donut Shop, Tully's Kona, and Caribou, you will like this blend.  The label is adorable and makes me smile when I pop it in the Keurig each morning.
My favorite Flavored coffee!!! This is not available in any of my local stores.  Better price than I have found at any local stores as well.
BEEN TRYING EVERY COFFEE BRAND AND FLAVOR FOR OVER A YEAR NOW AND THIS IS IT.  I JUST LOVE THIS COFFEE.  YOU SHOULD TRY A SMALL BOX AND SEE IF YOU AGREE.  EVERYONE HAS A DIFFERENT TASTE FOR COFFEE SO YOU MAY NOT LIKE IT, BUT WORTH A TRY.  I ALWAYS SAY IF YOU DON'T BUY A LOTTO TICKET YOU WILL NEVER WIN.
If you liked flavored coffees, this one has a hint of coconut to it.  This is my favorite coffee by far. I look forward to my first cup every morning.
I love this coffee. Great taste and great way to start your morning. If you like flavored coffee you will like this.
These K-Cups are great! The coffee is mild and yummy, but still very flavorful. I love this, cant wait to get my next shipment!
This flavor is horrible.  There are many other flavors much better.  Hawaiian Hazelnut is great!  Breakfast in Bed is AWesome!
I caught this as a "Warehouse" deal. $18.09 for 48 K-cups. This was my first experience with any Wolfgang Puck coffee.<br />The Rodeo Drive Blend is good, average coffee. Nothing exceptional. I prefer a little stronger, bolder coffee, but at this price, it works for me. There's other brands that I like a little better, but with K-cups, cost per unit is always something I have to factor in...<br />I'd buy it again @ $0.38/cup, but I probably wouldn't @ full price. If you keep your eyes peeled, you can always find a good deal... just have to be patient and stock up when the deals arise.
This is great coffee.  I am a coffee purist.  I don't add cream or sugar (unless it is weak or bitter). I truly enjoy coffee.  I have tried many different types of coffee for K-cups.  This is my new favorite. The price was amazing too.  Very smooth and subtle hazelnut flavor, not overpowering.
Well we were looking for another coffee that would meet or exceed the k cups we were using and this has far out tasted the coffee cups we were using, I have bought almost 6 packages of these and used just about all of them and will be ordering a few more boxes here soon. Great coffee, from a regular guy point of view.
Take it from someone who was tried a lot of different K-cups, BUY THESE! The "Breakfast in Bed" blend is full of great flavor, roasted perfectly, and more importantly I have been choosing it over Green Mountain, which says a lot. It's true to its name, perfect for the morning.
Reading the previous comments people have stated they did not know this was a flavored coffee but it clearly states that it is. Atleast it did on the sight I bought mine from. I was only brought to Amazon for the secure payment feature. It's a delightful flavored coffee, (depending on how you brew it), and is a pleasant wake up any morning.
I did not know this had a coconut flavor or aroma as I got it in a variety pack. I put it in this am and immediately smelled coconut and thought oh no I don't like sweet in the AM. But its not sweet, I am quite surprised at the flavor and how I like it. Would I like it every morning..NO but it was a nice change. Made me feel I was waking up in a Jamacian cottage on the ocean hearing carribean music, well maybe not but it was close
I love my Keurig coffee maker. And I enjoy experimenting with new coffee flavours. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXHGDM">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Creme Caramel, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a> seemed to be a safe choice. I love coffee with cream. I love caramel. I even like Wolfgang Puck. But his Creme Caramel flavoured coffee is a disappointment. It's not awful. It just lacks a certain depth of flavour. Even using the 'small cup' setting, the aroma is very nice, but the taste is a bit watery. 'Black', the coffee has a slightly chemical aftertaste. Adding extra cream and sweetener masked the aftertaste, but it didn't add any of the caramel creaminess I was expecting. In short; the coffee taste is very mild, and the caramel taste isn't all that great. Sorry Wolfgang, but I'm afraid this one is a yawner.
I like dark strong coffee but I just didn't really care for this one.  Not sure what it really was, almost a tad bitter?  Unfortunately I have another whole box of 24 to use up.  I picked up some Sumatran Reserve (also a dark) and prefer it.
I have tried many different k-cups and this has remained my favorite for the longest time. It is the perfect balance, not too weak and not too bold. And since I usually drink my coffee black, the flavor alone is very important to me. It' has a great flavor and not too acidic.
If you like your flavored coffee to taste like coffee, this may not be for you.  I couldn't taste the coffee at all in the travel size brew, but the smaller brew sizes were a bit better.
Amazon had this as buy one get one free and since it was my favorite, I could not resist.  Great purchase.
this product is great tasting and you don't even need sugar or creamer, but if you like sweet coffee i'd say a little sugar and creamer would not hurt, this is a perfect product to wake up to every morning :)
This coffee is so smoothe.  I brew my morning cup with the medium cup size and it is delicious. It is a little weak on the large cup size setting.
This is a smooth not bitter coffee. It's a little more pricey than some which are just as good, but it has a good sweet flavor, and I can recommend it.
I bought a small 3 pack of this locally and liked it so much I bought the 48 pack.  Great deal on Amazon.
Bought a sample pack today of the Jamaica Me Crazy and love the flavor.  The flavor is not too powerful nor was it  overwhelming.  I'd recommend the Wolf Gang Puck k-cups.
I personally don't like strong coffee.  If you like weaker coffee, then this blend is a great choice for you.  Other reviews on here say that its too weak, which is probably true if your used to something strong.<br /><br />I also use flavored creamer to further enhance the taste. For the price, it can't hurt to give it a try.
This is the smoothest and best tasting Keurig coffee I've tried.  It's not bitter, not too weak, not too strong, just right!
These are awesome...as are all of Wolfgang Puck's k-cups. The coffee is smooth, the cups brew perfectly, the taste is unbelievable! My husband and I are hooked on these. The price is great considering what amazing coffee this is!!
WOLFGANG PUCK'S FRENCH ROAST HAS A DEEP ROBUST FLAVOR. I PREFER IT IN THE AFTERNOON... SOMETIMES WITH A SHOT OF GRAN MARNIER... OH YEAH...
I've tried every single French roast K-cup, and this is one of my favorites.  The Starbucks and the Barista Prima are the two best French roast K-cups, but the gap between Wolfgang Puck's and those two are negligible.  This one has that great sweet smoky flavor that every good French roast should have.
This one is my wife's favorite of all the Hazlenut blends she has tried. This is her "go to" after a busy day of being retired.<br />Delivery was exceptional as usual, could not ask for much more.
I got this coffee as part of a "bold" sampler pack.  While I found it flavorful I wouldn't call it bold.  My first WP k-cup was French Roast which I found extremely bitter.  This coffee doesn't have that problem.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
My husband used to like the Nantucket Blend saying that it was awesome.  Then he tried this one, and it's the only one he drinks.  I drink other flavors, but I like taking sips of this one for sure...my husband is very territorial over these cups and says it's the only one he drinks.  If you're a coffee drinker, definitely try this one!
I drink my coffee black,so quality is a must! This is an excellent medium roast with a smooth consistency and perfect amount of kick. I love all the Wolfgan Puck coffee k-cups, but this is absolutely my favorite!
One of my top favorites, it's infused with coconut and has a very unique flavor.  This coffee is best enjoyed without cream or sugar, and it will ether become one of your favorites or you'll never buy it again. Some of my other favorites are Vanilla Biscotti, Butter Toffee, Hawaiian Hazelnut, and Donut Shop.
I drink a lot of coffee and I buy several different types. I found this particular one to be pleasant tasting with a nice aroma while brewing. There is no after-taste so you always want another cup.
Wonderful tasty coffee with a nice aroma as it is brewing. There is no after-taste at all and it very satisfying, you always want another cup of coffee. I continue to buy it.
A very nice flavor with no after-taste. It gives off a nice fragrance while brewing and has a very satisfying taste. You have to have another cup!
Dark and full flavored, but distinctly Columbian.  This is a great morning coffee. Better cup of AM Joe than you will get at a coffee place.
There is so many different K- Cup to chose from. So I asked in the store what brand and flavor is bought the most. They suggested Wolfgang Puck Coffee - Breakfast in Bed. The only had a few on the shelf and I was not disappointed. Now I am hooked. For you people that use creamer, this coffee is so good you will not even need creamer.
My favorite of the Wolfgang series discovered when trying all of the flavors in the available sample pack. Very good flavor, consistent with each pod and not overdone with added flavors. Very good dark roast Colombian cup of coffee from the Wolf.
We have tried all of the Hazelnut flavored coffee brands.  This is by far the best.  To bad it isn't an auto ship.
There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said. But when I brewed this coffee I really wasn't expecting to like it at all, seeing as I don't normally like coconut flavored things. But I really like the blend of flavors. To me it doesn't really taste like coconut as much as it does just tropical-ness in general. It's like.. palm tree flavored coffee. And the flavor isn't too overpowering at all, it still has a nice coffee taste. It's just right.
This is a dark, smooth brew (darker than Timothy's French Vanilla), But as with Timothy's it has only a slight hint of vanilla. This is my third "taste test" searching for the best vanilla flavored coffee.  Gloria Jean's was undrinkable.  Timothy's was pleasant but not as deep a roast as this. If it only had more vanilla flavor this would be my hands down favorite.
I've tried lots of flavors of coffee and this one is my favorite! Great taste, not bitter at all. A great flavored coffee for people who don't really like the taste of coffee.
the aroma is awesome!!  love the flavor, really gets you going in the morning.  prompt delivery, this is definatly my husbands favorite single cup coffee
After 5 years with the Keurig, this is the best .  If you like a medium blend, it perfect.  Its smooth, and has taste. Not watered down on either setting.
I am not a huge morning coffee person as this seems to be the only time of day black coffee upsets my stomach. No idea why. My work got a Keurig recently and buy the Caribou regular and morning blends, which are ok but I can hardly drink them unless there's a creamer of some sort in them.<br /><br />So on a recent trip to BB&B I perused their wall of K-cups and this one caught my eye. I am generally a fan of flavored coffees and this sounded good, so I bought an 18 cup pack. I have to say it is delicious! The coconut flavor is light but definitely there, and doesn't leave a bitter aftertaste like most black coffees do. It smells so good my co-workers have done a 180 walking by my desk to ask me what smells so good.<br /><br />Obviously if you're a coffee connoisseur this won't be for you, but if not it is definitely worth a shot. And the best part for me, aside from the flavor, no stomach upset!
Wolfgang Puck makes the BEST coffee! The package arrived on time and in perfect condition! I would definitely order this again.
Have enjoyed every single cup of Breakfast in Bed. Just the right kind of brew to wake up these old bones and get me started on the day's adventure. Also enjoy it while watching NCIS so I can join Gibbs enjoying a brew as well.
I love this brand!  The best hazelnut flavor ever! I wait for it to go on sale because it is more expensive than the other brands.  Also, as another reviewer noted, it does say decaff on the bottom of the package! It really should state that in the product description. I've noticed the packages from Bed, Bath and Beyond did not state this but can't imagine both are available.  I'll still purchase it because the flavor is so smooth.
I've long been a fan of flavored coffees so when we got our Keurig brewer we jumped on the opportunity to sample as many different flavors of k cups as possible.  Our first foray into the single-serve hazelnut world was <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZKI">Gloria Jean's Coffees,Hazelnut K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers (Pack of 50)</a>, which was absolutely awful.  We've always enjoyed hazelnut coffee in the past, though, and vowed not to give up.  I ordered a sample pack of Wolfgang Puck's hazelnut directly from Keurig's website and hoped for the best.<br /><br />Thankfully, Hawaiian Hazelnut blows all of the other hazelnut k cups out of the water.  It is smokey and delicious without being dark and overwhelming.  The hazelnut really does taste like actual hazelnut, which you'd think would be something a coffee drinker could take for granted, but we've been disappointed in the past.  I'd never tried coffee from the Wolfgang Puck brand before, but our positive experience with Hawaiian Hazelnut has definitely gotten me interested in trying other varieties.<br /><br />The hazelnut flavor is pretty bold and full bodied, which is nice, but there is no bitterness or acidity to be found.  This suits me just fine since I enjoy a milder roast, but people who enjoy their coffee strong and dark might not enjoy this blend as much.<br /><br />We'll definitely be repurchasing this coffee when we run out.
If you like to taste the "flavor" in your flavored coffee, skip this one. I've struggled to taste the creme caramel flavoring that is supposed to be in here. The coffee flavor is also slightly bitter, but that could just be my taste buds longing for some flavoring! I'd recommend Green Mountain, Gloria Jeans or Van Houtte brands before this one.
I love this coffee - it's one of my all time favorites - it has the best flavor and I like the light roast.<br /><br />EXCELLENT!!!!
I love my Keurig but haven't found my "perfect" cup of coffee yet, although this comes close. I prefer a medium brew, not bold or strong. Breakfast in Bed is my choice so far.
I love Sumatra coffee and was excited to receive these K-Cups however was disappointed when I opened my Amazon box and found that the plastic wrap holding the two boxes of K-Cups was full of grinds meaning that there was a possible blowout of a cup... after carefully unwrapping the boxes and attempting to get as little coffee grinds everywhere as possible I opened the first box and all cups were fine, however the second box every kcup was covered in fine grinds and I had to clean each one and found that 3 of the cups were defective due to the top being stamped on at an angle and the grinds had spilled everywhere. I now see other reviews stating they had defective cups as well. However the taste of the coffee is good.
Jamaica Me Crazy is a sweet, coconut flavored coffee that has a mild aftertaste.  It is not a bold blend, but rather a mild to medium blend that leans more mild.<br /><br />This is certainly not a first cup of morning coffee for die-hard coffee drinkers who lean towards the medium to bold blends.  I would consider it a second cup of morning coffee, afternoon pick me up coffee or a dessert coffee.<br /><br />Flavor is OK.  I would like it better if the aftertaste didn't linger.  For a flavored coffee, it isn't bad & if you are a coconut fan, it is a blend to try on for size.
Truly not much needs to be said because it's Wolf and to wake up to his coffee here at the house is fantastic!
I expected more flavor from W. Puck. Though this coffee does taste good, it didn't have caramel flavor as expected. This is my opinion. Someone else may feel differently. The price is okay, I would not discount this product at all. It's a good product. Try it, you may like it.
I've tried all Vanilla coffee K-cups and by far this is the best! Wolf Gang Puck Vanilla Francaise is a smooth vanilla experience that lasts way after the coffee is consumed.  Try it you'll love it!
I am not a huge coconut fan, so I wasn't excited about trying this, but with one sip it definitely won me over!  The flavor is perfect and is now one of the flavors in our regular rotation.  And it smells so good!!!
This is my daughter's favorite K-cup product. Mild medium roast it is the next best thing to having Wolfgang cooking breakfast for you in your kitchen.
WOW! That's what my husband said when he tasted Wolfgang Puck's 'Jamaica Me Crazy' coffee for my Keurig.  He is not a fan of 'Strong' coffees and he really liked this one - We both do.  I highly recommend this one.  Can you put it on the Subscribe and Save??<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXL0V6">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Jamaica Me Crazy, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>
I'm sure this flavor isn't for everyone, but if you enjoy your coffee on the sweeter and more flavorful side then you should enjoy this. It is not what I would call a "strong" coffee by any means. I would describe it as mild and flavorful.
I just recently got a Keurig coffee maker & registered it online.  Keurig sent me a coupon for buy 2 boxes, get 2 free.  Awhile back, a local bagel shop had a coconut coffee that I fell in love with.  So, I decided to try this coffee out because it has coconut in it.  I brewed my first cup this morning & it smelled VERY strong of coconut so of COURSE I couldn't wait to try it.  After it cooled down a bit I took my first sip.  AMAZING!!  It is quite delightful & I STRONGLY recommend it if you like coconut coffee.  No bitter aftertaste, either & no soot @ the bottom of my cup.  Awesome
I was really impressed with this coffee, it has a nice bold taste, yet a smooth<br /> finish. I would order this coffee again.
When I coulnd't find Island Coconut K cups anywhere, I found this and decided to try it.  Although it is not exact, it is so close it puts a smile on face.  The coconut is not over powering, but you can taste the HINT of it certainly.  I love this and would order again and again...because THIS is available and Island coconut is not!!
This is my absolute favorite coffee flavor out there!  I'm so glad it comes in K-Cups!  And I'm glad it is so inexpensive!
I find this particular brand as good as the local coffee shop coffee (D.D.) which is a compliment to the maker. I have made this particular brand my #1 choice.
I have at least 4 dozen different k-cups at my house right now because we love to experiment with different flavors.  My favorite is Timothy's Rainforest Espresso because I like a bold coffee.  But others that prefer something milder say that Breakfast in Bed is their favorite.  I like it to but only when made as a stronger brew.  I have purchased maybe 15 boxes of this since it came out.
I normally drink only Donut Shop, but when I saw this on sale I thought I would give it a try.  I was quite impressed with it and really enjoy this one.  I have now added it to my list of favorite K-cups to buy.
Vanilla flavor is barely noticeable.  Acidic taste, not at all what I expected.  Breakfast in Bed and Hawaiian Hazelnut are much better choices.
I really like the flavor of this one! It has a low acidity but still full of flavor! Now I have to have it every morning and I am having trouble finding another one I like this much.
I'm actually suprised from reading some of the rants about this coffee.  I have tried 20+ K-cup varieties and this is by far my favorite.  Contrary to some reviews, I don't find it to be weak at all and in fact, is quite bold but with absolutely not hints of being bitter.  Very smooth and leaves a great aftertaste.  I prefer really strong coffee and this is a good compromise for a medium roast as it's not as bold as I would normally prefer but certainly strong enough to satisfy my preferences.<br /><br />I typically drink Wolfgang's Jamaica Me Crazy but ever since trying Rodeo Drive, I haven't gone back.
I Recently bought a 3 pack of this coffee at Bed Bath and Beyond. As its brewing, it smells great (if you like coconut).  The taste isn't bad, but for me, it has that artificial after taste that many flavored coffees have. I gave it 3 stars because it's not terrible. But I wouldn't buy this coffee again. If you're sensitive to after taste, I wouldn't recommend. I'd Grab a dark roast and throw some fresh coconut in there instead if you want a coconut coffee.
I am usually not a fan of flavored coffe or coconut for that matter and when I bought the sampler pack of Jamaica Me Crazy I honestly did not see that it was a flavored coffee.  The aroma that it gives off while brewing transports me to a tropical island somewhere.  The flavor of the coffee is very subtle and leaves no after taste at all.  A great new addition to my coffee line up.
This is the best tasting coffee available on k-cups!!!! The flavor is amazing, it is more expensive than other brands, but for a reason. Definitely worth trying.
This is one of the best coffees I have ever had for my Keurig.  It is a nice smooth coffee.  And the price is the best price I could find.  I will be buying more.
My husband and I are obsessed with this coffee...we take Kcups and hide them around the house because we wanna make sure it lasts a long time! Such a bold and delicious flavor!
I had tried this coffee before, it is wonderful.  Smooth and rich, full flavored, but not too bold. I would recommend it to anyone.
I tried this coffee, even though it was significantly more expensive than the Green Mountain (organic, free trade) Sumatra that I have been using for some time. Wolfgang Puck has the name and the rep.<br /><br />If this were the only Sumatra dark roast on the market, I'd be really happy with it. This is good coffee.<br /><br />It is not outstanding coffee. Compared to Folgers, this product is awesome. Unfortunately for Mr. Puck, I am comparing it to Green Mountain Sumatra.<br /><br />The organic and free trade Sumatra from Green Mountain is better to my taste, and it is cheaper. Mornings are good.
The coffee is good,however the k-cup is not packaged well,the coffee machine barely streams coffee,more of a fast drip.  The whole idea is it's fast,right?
It was a bit of a risk to order this, I mean what are you going to do with 2 boxes of kcups that taste terrible? But this was delish, the flavor was really good, and it was still awesome after it had cooled down. It has a coconutty, vanilla flavor, very nice!!
I like the Jamaica Me Crazy better, but when it's out of stock, this is my second choice.<br /><br />It's got a nice flavor & strength, without being bitter.
Taste is a personal thing, isn't it.  So I'll just tell you(as a gauge) my all time favorite K-cup is Timothy's Midnight Magic a "california roast" (which is dark). I'm partial to dark roasts and probably would not have even bothered with this Sorrento, but a friend had it, so I tried it, and lo and behold - I'm very glad I did. I find this blend even better than Puck's "Kopei Ray" which is his dark roast. There's a whole lot of good flavor here - the word "luscious" comes to mind. This one's not available every where and comes at a slight cost premium. I say it's worth it. These will be a regular for me. PS: A suggestion (which seems apparent); as with any k-cup, when you try a new blend, use the plain old 1 cup setting to check it out undiluted the first time.
This is my favorite KCup.  I'd describe it as medium-dark, creamy and rich.  And very consistent.  A lot of k-cups seem acidic to me, so i'm really glad i found this one. :]
Very delicious coffee, thankfully Amazon sells this flavor now.  I have been waiting for it since I tasted this last year.  I like the fact that you sell it in a 2 Pack rather than a single.
My hair dresser's salon bought a Keurig Machine, so I have been able to sample a variety of K-Cups. K-cups are about 10 times more expensive than a regularly brewed cup of coffee so I have never considered buying one for myself, but having a Keurig Machine at a hair salon makes sense! People have a variety of tastes and K-Cups can provide a nice variety and freshly made one at that.<br /><br />The salon has a nice variety of K-cups: Folders, Wolfgang Puck, Timothy's, and Green Mountain (that owns Keurig).<br /><br />Everyone's taste vary, but here is my assessment of the ones that I have tried so far. Wolfgang Puck was my second favorite. So far, I like Folgers the best.<br /><br />FOLGERS GOURMET<br />SELECTIONS LIVELY COLOMBIAN<br />Price per cup: 69 cents (package of 36 for $25)<br />Earthy flavor, fruity and nutty flavors come through.<br /><br />WOLFGANG PUCK CHEFS RESERVE COLOMBIAN DARK ROAST<br />Price per cup: 69 cents (package of 48 for $32.98)<br />A dark roast with caramel and earthy notes, slight burnt<br />and papery flavors.<br /><br />TIMOTHY'S DECAFFEINATED COLOMBIAN MEDIUM<br />Price per cup: 60 cents (package of 50 for $30)<br />A bit on the weak side, kind of papery, and less astringent than the others.<br /><br />Ali Julia review
Delicious coffee, good medium blend.  Its hard to find something that isnt too weak or too bold with K-cups, but this flavor was perfect.  Will buy again.
Good flavor.  Coconut flavor is subtle and not overpowering.  In comparison, there is another coconut coffee by Green Mountain in which the coconut flavor is overdone in my opinion.
While good quality, it was not at all what I expected. It smelled like caramel and vanilla, but it tasted like straight black coffee. I was pretty disappointed.
The coffee is just OK, a little weak. The price is a little high and it is not worth the extra money.
I was surprised to find out how weak this coffee is.  It has a good flavor but even on half cup it is very weak.
To me, this has a good, balanced flavor.  Some flavored K-cups seem too light on hazelnut, or too light on coffee.  This one is just right.
This k-cup actually smelled up the office. And it tastes as good as it smells. I found it to be very flavorful.
I was surprised to find out the coffee from my sampler had coconut in it.  I bought a sampler of k-cups to try different flavors and would sit aside the ones that I liked to order in the future.<br /><br />After drinking Jamaica Me Crazy not realizing the ingredients just knowing I liked it.  When ordering, reading through the reviews realized it had coconut in it and that was what made the taste so yummy, leaving me wanting more.  I was hesitant to buy but decided to go for it and am really glad I did.  Everyone I have shared my coffee surprise with loves it too.
Light and flavorful definitely describes this K-Cup. I often find it hard to find flavored K-Cups that aren't either 1) so strong you lose the flavor or 2) so light you'd be better off drinking water. However, I have to admit I have found a new favorite in the Hawaiian Hazelnut!
I LOVED THIS COFFEE. I just got my order a few days ago and I normally drink just one cup of coffee in the morning......Now I can't wait and have had an afternoon cup, too. I must say....I look forward to getting up in the morning just because I know I'm having this coffee!! TAHT SAYS A LOT FOR A LTE SLEEPER!! Try this one!! I like it on thenext to highest setting on my Keurig....it has an awesome aroma while brewing and the taste is smooth, never bitter and there is something that 'hints' of a slight fruitiness with the first sips......then the end of the sip is just a perfect brew, too. Never any aftertaste or bitterness. I am so happy to have found this!! Thanks Wolfgang! I have now ALL of your kitchen gadgets cookware and now the coffee too!
Best K cup around. A must try!  Amazon ships quickly and in one piece. I'd recommend the coffee as well as going through Amazon to order this coffee from.  Thank you for a great experience.
Usually do not get the breakfast blends but it was on sale and decided at price would try it out. It was not as weak as some breakfast blends tend to be. Not bad.
Wolfgang Puck definitely has the best coffee for the money.  I absolutely love the French Vanilla.  The KCup actually makes a good full cup of coffee.  it could be a tad stronger but overall it is really good.  I still prefer the Senseo Pods to the KCups though.
Jamaica Me Crazy has a slight overtone of cinnamon that is a very nice compliment to the taste of coffee.  The flavoring is strong enough to taste, not just smell, without overpowering the flavor of the coffee.  Very good.
I drink my coffee with a splash of half-and-half.  Other hazelnut k-cups are too bland for me.  I much prefer Wolfgang Puck's excellent rich roast with definite -- but not overpowering -- hazelnut flavor.
Definately not what I'd expected with the Wolfgang Puck name on it.  To me, Wolfgang Puck has conotations of a heavy, dark-roast European-style coffee.  I thought I'd already found my perfect coffee in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001D0GV68">Timothy's World Coffee, Breakfast Blend for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a> but this one edges it out.  Smooth and balanced it really is great from the first sip till the last drop.<br /><br />There will never be a coffee that all coffee lovers will agree on but if you like a light-medium roast, give the Breakfast in Bed blend a try.  Very low in acidity, someone who can't tolerate the acidity in coffee may be able to enjoy this blend.  But, be aware and contrary to popular belief, light roast coffee is typically higher in caffine than the dark roast coffees, the extended roasting to produce a dark roast burns away some of the caffine. This one will definately get you going in the morning in a good way.<br /><br />Those who prefer a dark roast or extra bold should probably look elsewhere.
Taste is good but in my opinion coffee that has been decaffinated should be required to have such info clearly visible warning in big red letters before I mistakenly rely upon it to get me going in the morning.  Small print on the bottom of the box (I mean 6 point font) tells this.  Several mornings of splitting headaches could have been avoided . . . this caused me to check several other flavors online and none of them say anything one way or another about caffeine. I don't know how to avoid this for other products but this info should be clearly stated on every coffee for sale.
Too bad no one else had reviewed this before my purchase. It's not bold or dark enough to stand up to the Keurig's 3rd button and tasted a little tangy for my liking.
This coffee says medium roast but is actually a little stronger.  We loved it and it has become our favorite.  If you want some coffee to "caffeine you up", this is the one for you!!  Also, Wolfgang Puck's Breakfast in Bed is great...not so strong!
I can't remember when I've had a cup of coffee so delicious, I immediately wanted another cup.  There is no bitter taste, no funny chemical taste you get with so many flavored coffees, no odd aftertaste.  It's just a mellow, gorgeous, hazelnut-with-a-touch-of-the-islands cup of coffee.  Outstanding.  My favorite I've ever tried, and I've tried most!
This is very good coffee, but it doesn't have as much flavor as the Van Houttes creme caramel.  If your looking for something that has a lot of flavor, go with the other.  If you are looking for something that is more coffee than flavor, this is it.
By far,this is the best flavored K cup coffee I've ever had. Good body, not bitter, no flowery aroma (like with the Green Mountain flavored K cups). I like my coffee a little stronger than Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut, but it is certainly a fine, medium bodied,coffee I could drink over and over.
These K cups are wonderful! We were pleasantly surprised with the low acidity and smooth flavor! The Rodeo Drive K cups are on our top five K Cup list!
While looking for a top rated vanilla K-cup, I stumbled upon this combination flavored cup that was rated higher than any of the vanilla flavored cups at that time.  I took a chance and ordered a double pack from Amazon and was pleasantly surprised. This is a rich tasting medium/light roasted flavor that appeals to several coffee drinkers at our house. There is a hint of built in sweetness so that additional sweeteners are not necessary for those of us who don't care for super sweet coffee. I would classify this as a medium roast and tastes best with the medium sized cup selections on our Keurig Coffee Brewer<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GTR2F6">Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System</a>. People who prefer extra bold coffees would need to use two of these K-cups to make one extra large travel mug of coffee.<br />  That said, we have found that mixing this flavor with other flavors to make an extra large serving is a most enjoyable pastime at our house. The most popular combo's so far are Jamaica me Crazy with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00395DVQS">Van Houtte French Vanilla K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a>, Hazlenut<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00395574M">Van Houtte Hazelnut Decaffeinated K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a> or Costa Rican<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HKZZ4I">Van Houtte Caf&eacute;, Costa Rica Tarrazu (Light Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>. In the end, This is one of the most versatile flavors for those of us who have frequent visitors and several palettes to please.
Bought this during one of Amazon's Friday Sales.  Did not find too many reviews since these are fairly new.  Took a chance and am very pleased.  We like our coffee rich and strong and this one delivers.  Great tasting dark roast coffee!
This coffee is surprisingly delicious. We never had a problem with the k-cups bursting; maybe it is a defect on the coffee brewer..? This coffee is a bit less strong than we normally prefer our coffee but it makes up with great taste. Look forward to my mug every morning. Would definitely recommend it and will buy it again.
I personally did not care for the coffee, too mild for me and a little "nutty" flavor in it.  I will stick with Tully's Kona and House blends, also Emeril's Big Easy bold.
Exact same as the ones bought at the store only a lot cheaper. Recommended for any Keurig drinkers out there.
This is my #1 favorite coffee. Blending of hazelnut and coconut are perfect.  Thank you!!<br /><br />Question:  why was I charged postage on this brand when I have never paid on any other brand of K-Cups from Amazon
If you like your Keurig you need to try this K-cup.  Smooth taste with just a slight hint of flavor.  Not overwhelming like some brands.  My new favorite.
This is our favorite k-cup coffee, it is strong - and taste great (although it seems that many of the k-cups) have nearly the same overall taste...
More than a "hint" of coconut! Not very much vanilla. Being a vanilla fan and NOT a coconut fan - this is OK.
This is a good tasting K-cup from a guy who drinks coffee black and prefers a bold, full flavored taste. I would recommend.
I love using K Cups!  Although I have tried so many "bad" coffees.  I have finally hit on one dark roast coffee that isn't bitter and has a wonderful flavor.  You don't have to try them all, this is a perfect blend coffee.
Ok - so this is the best flavored coffee ever.  No after taste that seems to always occur w/flavored coffees & its not even really flavored, it has hint of coconut taste but it really still tastes like coffee just the best coffee ever... mmmmmm... add honey.. yummy!!!!!<br />Highly recommend!
Wolfgang puck k cups are under the radar - their coffees are smooth and delicious and Jamaica Me Crazy is my fav and the best coconut flavored coffee on the market. Island coconut is quite poor in comparison.
I've always hated the Peete's or Starbucks burnt-bitter taste. This is a great blend, still strong without the burn roasting.<br /><br />FYI, low quality beans are burned to hide it's bad taste.
I like the darker roast coffees and this fits the bill.  This is every bit as good as Deidrich and Tulley's but typically costs more.  I guess Wolkgang wants a cut.  If you catch it on sale, buy it.
This coffee is a lot like the Green Mountain Nantucket blend.  If you like that, you'll like this.  Generally, the GM product costs less, but this was on sale.
It was as good, if not better, than I was told!  Great taste!  I will puchase it again.
Probably because it doesn't taste like coffee.  It is flavorless.  I saw the good reviews and thought I'd get a couple boxes and now I'm stuck with a bunch of k cups that I don't want to drink because I'd rather literally drink any other k cup I've ever tried.  As you can see I'm not a fan of these k cups.  These are the worst ever.
...I will drink this if all other coffee options are exhausted. The coffee has a vanilla/coconut smell but after a sip or two, I can't drink it. Would not purchase again and I'm having trouble even giving it away. I expected more from Wolfgang Puck.
I love caramel and was excited when this arrived. But I AM SO DISAPPOINTED. Hardly any flavor at all, of coffee or caramel
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
This is an excellent full-bodied coffee without a bitter taste. In general the Wolfgang Puck coffees are quite good although a little more expensive than some of the other K-Cups.
As always, I LOVE this coffee, it's about the only kind I buy for myself.  The turn around time is terrific.  When I have about a week's worth of cups left, I order and have the next batch in perfect timing.  Very happy with everything about this product.
This coffee is a smooth, yet robust taste that does not have any bad after<br />taste. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXJJ28">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Rodeo Drive Blend (Medium Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>
I have tried many brands of medium roast coffees however, this is my favorite. Some I've tried are bitter; some are too light; some are too strong; but this one for me is just right! Some brands more than others come in all puffed up and when punctured, the grounds filter out into the needle of the Keurig coffee maker and has to be cleaned which isn't difficult, just annoying. Never had a problem with these.  Breakfast in Bed k-cups are smooth, not too light and not too strong, right smack in the midddle. No bitter after taste either and perfect any time of day. Enjoy!
Sometimes we have a problem ordering the k-cups because they are way too strong for us--even if you order medium blend.  This coffee was great--just right!  It was a smooth blend, and was perfect for a morning cup of coffee--or anytime!  Would definitely order again!
...or the good reviewers' taste buds are weak.  This is some disappointingly<br />weak coffee.  I'm not some crazy "gotta have my jet black sludge to get<br />through the day" coffee drinker - I'd say my favorite (and my wife's) is<br />Caribou Blend.  This blend is WEAK, it can't hold half-and-half or even<br />just whole milk without being wiped out.  Now, I will say I brew it on<br />the "large cup" (9.25 oz, I believe) setting on our Keurig, so maybe it's<br />a bit better on the 8oz setting, or even the small setting.  But Caribou (we<br />also like Donut Shop, Green Mountain Kona Blend 10%, etc.) can be easily<br />brewed on 9.25 and hold a good bold taste.  This coffee doesn't<br />hold a CANDLE to any of those.  Now I'm stuck with 40+ of these. Blech...maybe<br />the guests won't mind it! :)
Good description of this product. Has the over roasted popular coffee flavor, but, not overpowering. One of my favorites so far.
I ordered this by accident and I'm so happy I did. This is a new favorite of mine. It's nice and strong without being bitter.
NOTE: This one is better for me at the smallest cup setting, which makes it stronger.<br /><br />This is my first time to try Wolfgang Puck coffee. I have mixed feelings about it so far. The Rodeo Drive Blend is a little more 'bland' than I'm used to, which is great for people who prefer that. It's just a different taste, which is good or not-so-good, depending on each person's preference. Personally, ever so often I take a sip of Rodeo Drive Blend and think that it almost tasted like dishwater. Then that goes away and I enjoy the rest of the cup of coffee. I think that reaction is because it isn't as strong and bold as I'm used to, but it's pretty good. I can see that some people might make this their favorite because it is different.<br /><br />Will I buy this again? No. It's good, but it's not my preference, and I might as well buy the ones that make me rave on and on about how good they are, usually Tully's French, Kona, Italian, and House. Those may be too strong for some people, and the Rodeo Drive Blend does have its own unique taste which may really appeal to some coffee drinkers. As with most things, actually a little more than in most things, with coffee, it's a matter of taste and probably a matter of what you are in the habit of drinking. You may want to try this one, especially if you can find it in a sample packet, or do like I do, keep the rest for guests to try.
I really love this coffee, great tasting and bold.  However, on about 1/3rd of the pods, the foil separates from the cup and blows grounds into the brewer and my coffee cup.  I can usually predict which ones will do it because the foil on the k-cup is not puffy like it has pressure, but flat and wrinkled.
It's coconut flavored, either you'll like it or not.  I was actually surprised since I'm not a big fan of coconut, but I liked this coffee.  Not my favorite, but nice on occasion.
My friend says she loves this coffee and has never been able to find it in the local stores where we live.  Aha, she did not know that Amazon sells just about anything you could want - no tax and free shipping.  What could be better.
hazelnut being the household favorite favorite, I thought I'd give these k-cups a try. The flavor is smooth and delightful. I suggest trying this brand for your k-cup machine!
This is good, but could be a bit stronger in the Hazelnut flavor. It is good though and I would purchase it again.
I love the taste but have found that many of the cups explode!!  The glue on the side of the cup becomes undone and then the cup explodes.  Very hard to clean up.  Do not think I will buy this brand again!
I love Jamaica Me Crazy coffee. This version is flavorful, the price is pretty good, and it sure beats the office pot coffee that sits on a burner for hours. Fresh coffee, fast!
This is less of a "bold" flavor and more of an acidic and bitter coffee. My wife is easy to please and she's not a fan. I'll finish the box but I reach of others first.
This coffee has become one of my daily favorites.  It's not quite as strong as many of the french roasts, but it's also not as bitter.  A good way to start the day.
This is my favorite so far amongst the Wolfgang Puck K-Cups. The word that comes to mind when i sip it is "Bright". It has a natural sweetness and good flavor, without being overly heavy. The packaging lists it as a Medium Roast, but i'd put it more towards the light end of the spectrum. It's a very enjoyable cup, and i'd recommend if you are looking for something to switch up with Green Mountian's popular Vermont Country Blend or Breakfast Blend.<br /><br />I generally haven't been impressed with the Wolfgang Puck flavored varieties (Vanilla Francaie, Jamaica me Crazy), but this regular cup is quite good.
I have had all of the various Keurigs since they came on the market for home use. Thus,I have tried pretty near all of the various k-cups. This is one of my top 5 favorites. Love the coconut in it, and the wonderful coffee flavor. YUM!!!!
This coffee was not what I expected but enjoyed it greatly.  I was looking for a stronger vanilla flavor but after trying it I enjoyed it a lot. It was light and smooth and left no aftertaste.  I would recommend this to others.
I like Columbian coffee and this is above average with a good dark color with a nice smell.  The taste is bolder than average but not unpleasant or bitter.  This is my "strong" Columbian coffee combining all the good things of the type with a bolder taste.
smooth.  I normally drink dark roasts but purchased this on a lightning deal (or maybe a friday sale).  I like it.
The coffee is just OK. It's very mild, almost bordering on weak. Would buy it again if the price was right.
I've tried every bold k-cup and this is one is one of my favorites.  Very nice flavor and strength.
Bought this on the recommendation of my son.  Not a big fan of flavored coffee, but a cup a day of this lightly flavored coconut coffee puts me in the islands.  How can you go wrong with Wolfgang Puck?
This coffee says Dark Roast & Extra Bold and.... IT ISN'T! It's weak and barely beats out a cup of Folgers.
We have a Keurig coffee maker. One of the side benefits is the opportunity to experiment with different K-cups. I have already tried half a score. Some seem pretty tasty at first--until one taste something that is even better. Some early K-cups that I graded highly don't compare too well with later brands that I have tried.<br /><br />Wolfgang Puck's Columbian Dark Roast Noir is one of the better products that I have tried. It has a bold taste, although not strongly so. It is also smooth tasting.<br /><br />It is now on my short list of possibilities for my first morning cup of coffee. So, I am pretty happy with Wolfgang Puck's product here.
This is my favorite coffee flavor and I have not had it in a long time.  Forgot how delicious it was until we ordered the k-cups.  Love them, already ordered more.
We've only been using the k-cups about 2 months.  Both my wife and I like our coffee bold.  I've been guided by amazon reviews and started out with Coffee People's Jet Fuel.  Although that is still my favorite, I got this French Roast on a Friday sale and would say that it's my new second choice.  I have also tried Coffee People's Black Tiger (a close third) and Kona (not a fan).  This is a nice, well-rounded every-day cup, more on the bold side but not wincingly so.
The flavor of this coffee is good, it has a nice balance of Vanilla without being too strong.  It's not the boldest coffee, but it's a nice afternoon treat.<br /><br />That being said, I have had problems with several pods.  When you hold them up to the light, you can see that there are grounds outside of the filter portion of the pod.  This causes a cup full of grounds when you brew the coffee, and also clogs up the pin at the bottom of the pod chamber.  I'd say about 1 out of every 5 or 6 pods has this problem.
I love the taste of this coffee but in my last order of four boxes about every other K-cup has a tear or rip in the internal filter and thus the grounds flow through into the cup of coffee which wastes the value of the coffee as drinkable.  Wolfgang needs to correct this flaw in packaging.  I will not order again because of the waste.
I bought this coffee for my Keurig coffee maker and I really like it. Smooth  and the best thing it is an organic. Wolfgang uses the the best beans for his coffee's. Buy you will be pleasantly surprised.
great tasting coffee. strong, but not obnoxiously strong and no nasty aftertaste. too bad, it cannot be purchased on subscribe and save anymore.
This is the best all around 1st cup in the morning coffee ever!  I love it.  Perfect flavor.
By far the tastiest coffee I have purchased from Amazon.  Sorry it isn't in the Shop and Save any longer.  Delicious!!!
Love this blend, so was delighted to find it on your "Subscribe & Save" program (at a better price<br />than w/Keurig.  So REALLY disappointed to learn today it was no longer available on said program.<br />Shame on manufacturerer!
I have tried about 25 different K-Cup flavors, and this is my favorite.  It has a wonderful aroma, and just the right amount of Hazelnut.  Use the subscribe option, and this is a deal that can't be beat.
I admit, I like my French Vanilla coffee to be heavy on the vanilla side.  This isn't.  It's a much stronger coffee brew, meaning more sugar and creamer is needed to tone down the coffee flavor.  On the other hand, it's a reasonable alternative if my preferred brand (Van Houtte) isn't on sale or when it's occasionally out of stock.  I like that it comes in a 2-pack because our family goes through a lot of k-cups and I don't have to order quite so often.
I buy these with subscribe and save.  I like the flavor and aroma.  Going on month two and I am not tired of them yet!
I was very excited when I received a Keurig coffee maker as a Christmas present, & couldn't wait to put it to use.  However, in the three months since I've had it, I have struggled to find what I think is a good cup of coffee.  Most of the brands I've tried have either been too weak or too strong.<br /><br />I am not a "Starbucks" kind of coffee drinker, or fan of fancy flavored coffees.  I just like a regular cup of coffee that smells good when it's brewing, & tastes smooth when I drink it.  Finally, just like Goldilocks said, this one is "just right".
One of the weaker flavored coffees but a yummy one.  Almost no need for milk as it is already creamy tasting.
This coffee is awesome.  Kinda bold, with a sweetness.  Excellent my son says with International's Carmel Macchiado creamer you can find in the dairy section.
The coffee was great. Spent some time in Jamaica and got to love the coffee. Nice to get in back home as well.
I got this with the purchase of 24 different bold coffee k-cups to find the ones I like best, and so far this is my favorite. It may not be bold enough for some, but it is not supposed to compete with the 'extra bold' varieties. This was smooth and not nearly as bitter as many bold coffees. So many bold blends have a 'burned' flavor, leaving a bad taste in your mouth, this one was strong without the bad aftertaste, perfect for me!
I like full-bodied coffee and to try something different to supplement the standard one I use.  This coffee was perfect for that purpose. Timothy's Rainforest Expresso is still my standard one...but I will order this again.
Creme Caramel is by far my newest favorite!  Great coffee flavor, not too weak, with a wonderful caramel aroma!
I drink alot of coffee and love hazelnut coffee, this brand has the best flavor I have ever tasted. I have bought several different brands and this one is the BEST! It may be a few dollars more but it is worth it. I absolutely love and enjoy it every morning.
10 years ago my daughter brought home Creme' Brulee' for the first time. It was perfect, beans to be ground.  Since then I have searched for ANYTHING similar. When I realized I couldn't find it, she had forgotten what one she purchased.<br /><br />This one has a strong flavor, but it tastes fake with a strong after taste. Unfortunately it is one of the better ones.  If anyone reads this and knows what ones (Carmel and Vanilla), taste great, please post here.
I REALLY like the taste of this coffee! My only complaint is that the coffee grinds end up in my coffee. Not a huge fan of that and even though I really like the taste of it I will not order again, bummer!! =(
My favorite, I have it auto shipped through Amazon. The only problem I have is I drink way too much coffee now because I like it so much.
This is one of my favorite K-cups.  It's a rich dark coffee without the bitterness of some.  Highly recommended.
I thought the coffee tasted fine.  It was not strong enough for my husband.  Several of the pods burst during brewing.  I probably won't purchase this again.
This is my favorite of the flavored coffees. I am not usually a fan of coconut but this coffee is deliciously coconutty-chocolaty! Love it!
Yummy, mild, and delicious. My new favorite! Mild in comparision to coffees called "rocket fuel" and taste like motor oil, but truly a medium roast. Pleasant in the morning. Makes you glad to have a good cup of coffee.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are great and the Creme Caramel is one of my favorites. I would recommend this coffee for people who like a mild flavor.
I thought that because of the name attached that I would be wow-ed...its just a good average coffee nothing spectacular.
I bought this coffee because several people who also liked my favorite (Jet Fuel or Emeril's Big Intense Bold) liked this one. Typically Sumatra is one of my favorite coffees as well.<br /><br />I am wondering if they made a bad batch or gave it the wrong label.<br />It is **NOT** bold.  It is extremely mild and smoky tasting.  Not a single member of my family liked it and that's very unusual.<br /><br />I'm going to contact the company to see if they'll exchange it or refund me.  It is THAT bad.
As coffee in general, this Wolfgang variety was alright. However, I was expecting a "Creme Caramel" taste, or something similar, and I don't feel this delivered. I tried multiple cups at different cup sizes and this coffee just didn't do it for me. It is marketed as a flavored coffee, yet I could not taste anything beyond the flavor of coffee.
I prefer mild to medium coffee and I've tried so many different k-cups but I'll stay with this one the other reviews were right on , smooth and not any bitterness. Just a great cup of joe. With amazon prime it came super fast, if you're not a prime member I strongly recommend it.
This is a good French roast coffee, although it could be a little bolder. I've never before had a k cup dump the contents into my cup. It's extremely irritating to deal with grounds in the cup and machine when deliberately choosing a system that avoids the mess.
I am having a blast with my new Keurig machine - trying out a bunch of new flavors including the Dark Roast. It's nice and flavorful - particularly since I run each of my cups through the small cup brewing cycle 2 times to fill my large mug.  This works.<br />Tried the chocolate donut flavor the other day and loved it.<br />Love the convenience and bargain prices of the subscribe & save.
I am impressed with Mr Puck's different blends, this one is a favorite of ours. It lives up to the "medium roast" name, full bodied, not acidic and smells great while brewing, will buy again.
Great Deal - GREAT turnaround!  What a difference from other orders I have placed with other vendors!  Got the package the day after I ordered it!
If you like vanilla flavored coffee, this is it!! I put a french vanilla creamer in and no other sweetner is needed. I have it every day and I'll always order ahead so I don't run out.
This coffee is Bold and none of the bitterness that is usually found in bold coffee's.  It also scored exeptional in the single serve coffee ratings and I concur.  There is a lot of dreck out there in K-Cups, this and Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut are great!
I got this is a low cost alternative to my normal Jet Fuel and it just didn't measure up. I like strong coffee but this had a bitter taste that I just didn't care for. Also, 3 of the cups had some sort of malfunction and dumped their grinds into my cup-not sure why.
Very smooth and flavorful for a medium roast.  I was pleasantly surprised by this k cup and would get it again. The 25% off deal drew me to it and I'm glad.
This coffee is not a true medium roast like Caribou French Roast, Donut House, etc. there was not much coffee flavor at all. I found it to be so weak in flavor that not only did I have to go down a brew size, but I also have to add less milk just too drink it. I will never buy it again. Wish I didn't have 45 more cups to go thru!
I ordered Wolf Gang Puck's k cups, largely because of his reputation and my experiences at his restaurants, both of which are good. However, when I drank my first cup of the Breakfast Blend, I tasted no coffee...it was as if I was drinking hot water. I was very disappointed and will purchase only those k cups which I know to be good. Sorry Wolf Gang, this is a sleeper!
This is my favorite of all the coffees I've tried. Smooth and flavorful without being a flavored coffee, its a definite treat anytime of day.
I was expecting a mellow caramel flavor, but this coffee is a bit sharp and you really can't make out any carmel flavor.
This is about the strongest K cup I've purchased.  I like my coffee strong, and before buying a K cup coffee maker, always purchased French roast whole bean and brewed strong coffee.  Brewing this in a K cup machine at an 8 ounce cup will definately provide you with a strong cup of coffee.  Since I brew a cup for my wife and I at the same time, I run two 8 ounce cups with one of these K cups into a small decanter, and then pour into two coffee cups, which still yields a strong flavor, but not enough pop your eyeballs out...<br /><br />Of course, brewing two cups with one K cup drops the price down in half, which at less than thirty cents a cup is on the cheap end of K cup brewing.  I find most K cups are good for up to a 12 ounce cup, and 16 ounces would weaken them too much...  But this works for my wife and I since I have been fixing a cup for each of us for years, and brewing two cups with one K cup is economical.
I am only drinking it, so it won't be wasted, and I have to rotate it with a Coffee People product, so I remember why I like coffee.  It is really wan. The strongest flavor profile is tin.  I love creme caramel and am a huge WP fan, but the flavor strenth and consistancy of this coffee does not impress. Choose another - you won't be sorry you did.
My favorite coffees are the big dark roasts like French, Italian, and Full City.  This K-cup dark roast has a big, bold flavor, but lacks balance.  The level of smokiness, bitterness, and acid are way too high, and the result is not enjoyable.  I liked the dark roasts. for the Keurig from Green Mt, Newman, and Donut Shop much more than this one.
I want this coffee in bed every morning, just like it's name "Breakfast in Bed".  I ordered this 24/2 box shipment on the automatic 2 months plan.  I used it up way before the next shipment so I changed the plan to every month.  Now is looks like it's out of stock.....ugh....I hope it comes back soon.  It is a delicious choice!
This product takes getting used to.  Only after using about 3 K-cups did I start liking it.  However, I wouldn't buy this many again.
I'm loving this coffee!! It's smooth and bold but not too bold. It reminds me of starbucks coffee but not as bitter. Very very very good cup of coffee. Give it a try. I'm really glad I did.
I love Wolfgang Puck products but the coffee is very disappointing.<br />There is a weak flavor - almost tastes diluted!<br />Some troll must have changed out all the real Puck products!<br />Libbie
This is the 1st K-cup coffee that I am getting grounds in my coffee. It is occuring about every 3 cups. I have not had this problem with other K cup manufactures. I will not reorder.
Until I tried Vienna Coffee House, Donut Shop was the one I had on automatic monthly delivery.  Vienna Coffee House is a tad bolder than Donut Shop but very smooth without any bitterness.  From the first cup, I knew I had to switch.
Of all the K-Cups I have purchased so far, I like this French Roast the best. It has a really bold taste even used with the large-cup button. I like other coffee selections too, but this one really stands out.<br /><br />I consider myself an early adapter and the Keurig coffee machine is one of my best purchases. Although the coffee is somewhat expensive at $.40-.50 a cup, there is no waste, no pot cleanup, and, best of all, great coffee. I usually get up earlier than the rest of the household and can have my great coffee almost instantly without making a full pot that can go sour before all being drank.<br /><br />I notice that regular retailers such as Target and grocery stores are now carrying K-Cups, but buying online costs less and is more convenient. pjs
I don't drink a lot of flavored k-cups, but people have been raving about Wolfgang Puck's k-cups, so I gave this a try. It's definitely a good quality flavored coffee with a medium body. Overall, I have enjoyed several cups of this and have temporarily shelved my Timothy flavored k-cups in favor of this one. I sometimes add sugar free vanilla syrup, cream, and cinnamon. It's excellent that was in place of dessert. I also tried caramel syrup added to this... don't do it. It overwhelms the flavor.
I love coffee with no bitterness and lots of good coffee taste and this one fits the bill. Holds up well to milk & sugar-I love it in the morning for the first cup and in the evening just as much. Definitely would buy it again.
I bought a 24 pack of this an drank almost all of them before realizing what the flavor reminded me of. It tastes like hotdog water.
I love, love, love, this coffee.  It's easy on my stomach yet it has a rich medium roasted flavor which, in my opinion is not bland at all.  It's such a delicious cup of coffee.  I have told everyone about these, I've even converted Green Mountain lovers over to Wolfgang Puck Rodeo Drive brand.  If you like your coffee fully flavorful and delicious, but not too robust or bold, this coffee is for you.  I have tried MANY K-cup brands, Tully's, Green Mountain, Emeril's, Donut Shop, etc... and this brand is equal to Green Mountain, possibly even a bit BETTER. :)
It seems the flavor selection on Amazon has been limited these days to some variation of hazelnut, french vanilla or chocolate so when I saw this one, I thought I'd give it a try.  Never having had Wolfgang Puck's k-cups, I was hoping they'd be as good as the Wolfgang Puck coffee I've had in hotel coffeemakers that were a part of my room but alas, I was mistaken. I wouldn't say it's the worst I've had but the flavor is pretty weak and the coffee itself is too.  I feel like I'm drinking coffee that's been made with grounds that have already been perked.  In other words - the flavor seems to be already squeezed out of them and I'm getting leftovers.<br /><br />If you're looking for a weakly flavored coffee that doesn't really taste like much of anything, this is your pod.  If you're looking for better, richer flavors, stick with Green Mountain which sadly Amazon doesn't seem to carry anymore except through third party vendors who want to charge $60 for a box!
This is a fantastic decaf coffee. My parents love decaf but there aren't many out there they enjoy. We've been drinking Timothy's decaf Colombian and we bought this to try it. Fantastic! I would definitely buy this again and again. It's smooth and not bitter. It's not super strong so don't expect it to be like a cappacino. This is a really great Colombian cup of coffee. You won't miss the caffiene.
I like my coffe of the milder but tasteful side.  I thought this was a great cup of coffe I compare it to Timothy's dounut shoppe.  Full flavor but not acid.  This is for people who want a lighter cup of coffee
I tried a double boxes of this when the Donut Shop  coffee I usually order was unavailable.  While the coffee is pretty good the cups suck.  A full 1/3 of the cups brewed are undrinkable.  They are slow to brew(coffee maker has to work very hard) and even then the cup retains an inordinate amount of water.  Checking some of the cups that left grounds in the brew showed that the filter was not properly installed.  They could sell these at half the price listed and you still would pay too much due to all the wasted coffee.  I believe we all have experienced a defective cup here or there but these are way beyond acceptable.
Jamican Me Crazy is the best coffee.  It is not too strong and has a unique taste.  No complaints here.  Highly recommend it.
I like bold coffees and should have trusted the other reviewer who said it wasn't strong enough. This one has a watery finish to it and not very much flavor.  I'll be going back to Emeril's Jazz'd Up Decaf and trying the Coffee People's French Roast Decaf.  So far I've loved everything by the coffee people except the organic blend.  If you like strong coffee don't buy this but if you like a weaker coffee that you can see through you'd probably enjoy this one.
This not only tastes great but has the best aroma while brewing. Subscribe and save is the way to go.
I love this coffee!  I am not a strong coffee drinker and this coffee is perfect!  I have no problems with it working in my Cuisinart Keurig Brewer, I aways get the perfect tasting cup of coffee.<br /><br />I gave it 3 stars because one of the 2 packs contained only 13 K-Cups and not the 24 that it was supposed to have.<br /><br />The decaf 24-count (pack of 2) arrived with the correct amount of K-cups and is as yummy as the high test!
trying out different pods and this is a delicious one. service was excellent. no hassle at all. will buy from again
I wasn't sure what to expect with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but I am pleased.<br /><br />The Sorrento is a good medium roast.  It is a bit darker of a roast than some of the other mediums out in Keurig-land, but it isn't bitter.  There's just a little of something chocolatey in the flavor.<br /><br />My only complaint is that this coffee, like most of the Keurig cups that don't say "extra bold" on them, they brew up pretty weak if you do a larger mug.  I typically brew the 9.25 oz size, and on these guys I bumped it down to the 7.25 oz size.  If I brew it in the larger cups, it just comes out too weak.<br /><br />If you are one who feels that K-cups usually make weak coffee, you will think that these are really weak, and be tempted to brew 'em two at a time.  This coffee is not plain or unflavorvful -- there's just less coffee in the K-cup (or rather the normal, not extra-bold amount), so it brews up weaker.
I like this coffee, its nice to drink it in the morning. It has medium body and full flavour. Goes great with raw sugar and splash of non fat milk.
This was the nastiest flavored coffee I have ever had in kcups. I purchase many different kinds of flavored coffee and caramel is my favorite but this one made me gag. It smelled like buttery cheese and the taste was not what I expected. I will stick to gloria jeans and timothys flavored coffees. This was my first wolfgang puck kcup and will be the last I order of his brand. I thought maybe I got a bad cup but I brewed 3 and I opened the other box and tried those since it comes with two boxes and same nastiness.
I'm a sucker for caramel anything.........love the flavor, the aroma, and most important the taste.  I honestly do not like flavored coffees in the morning, but I have made an exception for this one!
I am trying many different coffees to see which one's I like best. This coffee was good, but a little stronger than I had expected. I know it say's extra bold, but others I've tried have not been that "extra". I ended up putting it on my larger cup setting and it was perfect then. There was a little after taste, but not much more than other coffees. I would recommend it if you like stronger coffees, but it is not as strong as an espresso. I intend to purchase this again.
I thought it had a bitter orange flavor, however my husband and friend liked it.
We have tried just about every k-cup of regular coffee out there.  We don't do the flavor kind.  My husband loves the GM brand most of the coffees are mild (even when they say medium roast)...I go for a little more on the medium roast like the some of the Tully's and Caribou brands.  It used to be that we were always ordering the same brands, once we liked a certain one.  But I ventured to try the Wolfgang Puck line.  While this flavor is touted as a medium roast, it seems to be more on the bold side with a little bitterness.  It is still not a bad coffee, just not as good as the "Rodeo Drive" or "Breakfast in Bed" k-cups which has no bitterness.  I must say though, we have now added the latter 2 flavors of Wolfgang to our buying ritual.
I like a dark rich coffee and this is a tad different.  It seems much smoother and<br />I tend to nearly crave it when I have a slightly acid stomach.  It sounds odd and<br />I know I drink too much coffee but this fills that acid tummy niche.
Tried this for the first time this week and it is now my favorite coffee --with a hint of flavor (coconut). Full bodied, and no after taste, Jamaica Me Crazy is just what I love for an afternoon pick-me up, or to wake up and have an immediate smile on my face. Seriously -- It's Awesome! Highly Recommended.
My husband likes strong coffee.  I like medium.  Neither one of us like this particular one.  There just isn't much flavor of any kind...coffee or caramel.  We like the vanilla one much better.  We'll drink this until it's gone...but it's the last flavor we choose, and it's lasting way too long!
The taste is fine, but the K-cup container has opened at the seal during the brewing process on more than one occasion, resulting in a mouthful of coffee grounds!  I have never had this happen with any other brand of K-cup before and hope it is not the norm for Wolfgang Puck.
I prefer the "extra bold" coffees, so this one really lacking on the flavor.  It's fairly weak, at the smallest cup setting its drinkable, but I won't be buying it again.  I'd recommend the Timothy's World Coffee, Rainforest Decaf Espresso instead.
Wolfgang's Reserve Columbian Decaf is probably the best decaf we have had in a K-cup. Very good cup of coffee!
This is a coffee that I look forward to drinking as soon as I wake up! Very nice......
Light vanilla favor....not overpowering. Nice coffee, the first box that was purchased was too light on the vanilla flavor and aroma....surprisingly the 2nd box was much better.  One of my new favorites.
We love our Keurig coffeemaker and have tried many coffees.  Recently discovered Wolfgang Puck's new line of coffees and are pleased with all of his we have tried.  This one is smooth with a great flavor, no bite.  We would purchase this again.
This is a mild but delicious coffe....some might say "a dessert coffee". I really liked it as a pleasant change from full bodied flavors.
Was looking for a strong K-Cup that could hold up for the perfect Espresso and for a great cup of coffee! Now receiving on auto ship, if you're looking for a great bold K-Cup, this is it.
I read several great reviews on this coffee on another site and decided to give it a try. It's now one of my favorites and I will be ordering it again. The taste is great, sweet but bold enough that I can do a large size and it still have flavor.
Great coffee.  Has a nice bold taste for a medium roast coffee. This is my new favorite. Give it a whirl.
I bought a two pack at the Friday sale for $20.  Reasonable, but not an amazing deal.  I've been pleasantly surprised by the taste.  I do like the Van whatever flavor French Vanilla K-cups, and this contains significantly milder flavoring of a good tasting coffee.<br />I would and have served it to company and highly recommend serving with milk or cream.<br /><br />If you like flavored coffees, you'll most likely enjoy this one.  If you like it plain and black, you'll probably hate this.
Nice medium coffee blend that has a hint of vanilla and a touch of sweetness.  If you like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HWI700">Emeril's Vanilla Bean Bam!, Medium Roast Coffee for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHJ03I">Gloria Jean's Coffees, Cappuccino for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, you should like this blend.<br /><br />I drink this as an afternoon or dessert coffee with a splash of milk and a sugar packet.<br /><br />4 Stars because I would like just a touch more vanilla flavor.<br /><br />1/21/11: we ordered another box of this coffee and the vanilla flavor seemed to be a little stronger than our first box.
Taste is okay.  Not blown away.  Hidden is the fact that this is truly a decaffeinated coffee.  Only place to find this out is on the bottom of the box.  Not what I want first thing in the morning.
I am not a fan of flavored coffee and I thought I had read the description of this product very carefully but nowhere did I see any indication that it was a flavored coffee. I wish the descriptions of the coffees offered by Amazon were clearer so that there is no confustion as to what you are purchasing. Even the name of the product is a little deceptive since one might assume that it is Jamaican coffee.
I use to purchase Jamaica beans locally and it was great. This Jamaica me crazy is nothing close to it. The odor is terrible and it tastes like the coffee is flat or stale. Other people in household tried it and couldn't get past the first cup. Pitched the remainder cups in the trash.
This coffee tastes very flavorful and is not too strong, but I have to say it almost ruined my months' old Keurig Personal Brewer. The coffee is ground so finely that when the K-Cups are punctured by the needles (top and bottom), it gets packed into the needles and also sifts out through the holes made by the needles, going into the coffee cup creating a very nasty "sludge" in the bottom of each cup. I purchased a pack of 2 (48 K-Cups) and didn't even use one full pack. I do not recommend this brand or blend. It is a waste of money, which is something I couldn't really afford at this time. I sent a letter of complaint to the Wolfgang Puck company and, except for a "cookie cutter" letter acknowledging receipt of my comment, I have not received any further contact from them.
Unfortunately, I'm much too frugal to throw away something I've spent perfectly good money on, so I'm continuing to use these suckers until they're gone (hopefully in a few weeks). I thought I was buying a decent brand of coffee, given the Wolfgang Puck name, but alas, I was wrong. Using the middle cup size on my Keurig coffeemaker, these k-cups make a weak cup of coffee... more like brown water. No taste, no nothing. I switched to the smallest size cup and it's marginally better, but still barely drinkable. I wouldn't serve these to guests EVER. I can't wait to be done with these boxes of junk so I can order something with some taste. Please don't waste your money.
this was terrible coffee Wolfgang Pucks Jamaicamecrazy, I received a partial refund but felt I should have gotten a full refund as I can't drink the coffee and had to throw it all away. Also had to pay shipping and should not of had to. I would like a response to this.
I found the taste and strength of this coffee just right for it to gain the honor of one of my "go-to" coffees for my Keurig.  Not too strong or bitter, I rather enjoy the flavor.  Sadly with the recent "K-cup coup" staged by Green Mountain Coffees, it looks like Amazon isn't carrying the Wolfgang Puck coffees any longer and my Subscribe and Save (and my business) will need to go elsewhere.  Definitely give this coffee a shot if you can.
The aroma is pleasant, and flavor is nice and smooth, but it is very, very weak.  I really wanted to like this one as there are very few available on subscribe and save, but I just cannot recommend it.  Even making smaller cups it is very weak.  I'm going to stick to Newman's Own Organics Extra Bold as my go to k-cup for now.
I had tried Green Mountain Sumatra Reserve and found it delicious and strong. It's not available on "subscribe and save" so I read the reviews and opted for Wolfgang Puck. My husband likes it and I like the flavour but it's very weak in comparison to the Green Mountain. I have to order something else for me.
We love Hazelnut coffee, but this just didn't have enough coffee flavor in it for me. Kind of on the weak side in my opinion. I'll keep looking.
Love this coffee! The aroma is as delicious as the flavor. My husband would typically have a cup of coffee once or twice a month, now he's having a cup several times a week.
I admit, I am not terribly fond of flavored coffees. But, this one is not for us. We both love the Rodeo Drive. I have a good freind that loves this coffee. I sent her ours.
I found this coffee to be great at first, but as I started having it more and more I came to detest it. On the large setting the coffee is WAY too watery. Also, the flavor is very, very overpowering and kind of tastes like bananas.<br /><br />It is a pretty good mid-afternoon or evening desert coffee, but other than that it is kinda gross.
I am definitely not a coffee connoisseur, but this stuff is bad.  It is a disappointment because I expected a Wolfgang Puck product to have more "class."  This tastes artificial and it can't stand alone without tons of cream and sweetener.  Will not buy again!
Really?  Who blends this stuff and decides that it is good?  Ugh.  I can sum this nastyness up in one quick phrase.  Stale airline coffee!  If you like that flavor, then you will love this one, if you don't like thin cardboard soaked, never washed the pot out, and the water came from a tin canteen, flavored coffee, then you won't like this one either!  I would give this zero stars if I could.  WOW, likely the worst cup of coffee that I have ever had.  I hope Wolfy reads this as his name is on the package and I expected more, now I know not to buy any of his signature products, awesome, thanks for saving me $$ next time!  The package says Extra Bold, but it doesn't taste extra bold.  It's almost like they put some ground instant powder in the mix to make it stronger.
The coffee tasted bitter and like it was burnt.  I cleaned the machine and it still tasted bitter and burnt.  Will not order this again.
I'm amazed that people are happy with this product.  I'm not a drinker of the dark brews, French roast or anything, but even for a drinker of a milder cup of coffee, this is completely tasteless.  The initial scent is delicious, too bad none of it shows up in the actual coffee.
I got this through a Decaf Keurig assortment pack (also from amazon) and while I have enjoyed all of the flavors - thisone was so weak - I had to post a review.
To me this coffee was extremely bitter.  I dumped it out and made a different cup.  It made me afraid to try other WP coffees but I did like the WP Sumatra Kopi Raya.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
Coffee is a very subjective thing.  Some people like coffee that borders on tea, others like the stuff that a certain national chain named after a famous Battlestar Galactica pilot serves.  For the record, I love the slightly-sour taste of Dunkin Donuts coffee and I find the stuff made by "that other chain" to be akin to re-hydrated cigarette ash.  For many years, we still percolated coffee...with most big-name brands of pre-ground coffee, you needed a percolator to bring out the flavor in it, but again, your tastes may vary.<br /><br />With my Keurig, my favorite coffee was Paul Neumans Extra Bold....because it didn't seem Extra Bold.  Until you buy 80 of them and get tired of the flavor.  Then, my favorites were the Caribu's....but something happened to that brand (see reviews) and I agree, they did something...either they don't put as much in the cups or they changed the blend, the sourcing of the beans, etc......wasted money on Caribu and wont go back to the brand.<br /><br />So Wolfgang Puck got the nod, tried 4 different flavors.  This one, Sorrento, is not my favorite of the bunch (currently Colombian Chef's Reserve).  It has a bolder strength (which I believe hard core coffee drinkers would consider Medium), but to me it has a simple burnt flavor to it.  Cream and Sweetener don't correct for this, and thus I'm a bit disappointed....but again it was a stab in the dark.<br /><br />I think if you prefer a slightly bolder, slightly more burnt flavor in your coffee...this may be for you.  I like the character of the Colombian Chef's Reserve, but it is not as strong, and perhaps that is just what my taste is slanted towards.  I don't believe you can get a bad cup of coffee in the Wolfgang Puck line however.  Can't say the same for some other K-cup brands.
This Wolfgang Puck Coffee Jamaica Me Crazy is the worst coffee I've ever had!<br />I threw it out right away after one sip! It taste like all coconut flavoring.<br />Hard to believe someone thought this taste good and was marketable. They should be fired!
Ugh... no where on the Amazon page for this item did it state that it was Hazelnut flavored.  I have been choking this down for a month just trying to get through it.  Thought it was going to be a Blue Mountain-like Jamaican coffee...
This coffee is only mediocre in quality. I do not like a highly acidic coffee nor do I like it when the coffee outdates within 6 weeks of the order date. The only reason I am not more dissatified with this lousy coffee is that I paid very little for it by using a credit I had at amazon payments. I do not recommend this coffee.
It is a medium roast pleasant coffee, comparable to green mountain's breakfast blend. I bought it with a very good deal though.
If Keurig brewers were evaluated by this particular K-Cup, Keurig would be out of business. Wolfgang Puck - French Roast Melange Francais is inexcusably terrible coffee. Aroma hints of singed oak leave and the top note is simply bitter.  Mid taste is like the bottom ounces of a days old Kwiki-Mart carafe.  Mouth feel is harsh and leaves an appalling coating. The after taste leads one to immediately brush ones teeth.  I simply couldn't believe my Keurig was capable of making such a bad cup of coffee, so I tried again a week later with same results. I use average-to-good filtered water and have no problems with other brands like Green Mountain, Tulleys, nor Emeril's. Everyone I know that has a Keurig learned of it via word of mouth or a shared cup. Usually the results are stunning, and the Keurig invasion lives on.  When I share I'll stick with offering The Coffee Peoples' Black Tiger or Jet Fuel. Now I have 22 more WP/FR K-cups sitting in the bottom draw of my china cabinet to get rid of. Let me know if you want them, as I'd be embarrassed to even give them away.  Sorry Wolfgang, but what the Puck - your French Roast is unpardonably horrible, and at K-cup prices I'll not be duped again. I'll stay away from any of the other WP offerings.
This stuff tasted like pipe tobacco smells. My Son didn't like it either and I ended up throwing it out.
Simply Awesome. I love bold coffee and love French Roast Brews. This is a truly wonderful FR blend. Dittos for Deidrich FR, both are awesome.<br /><br />I also tend to like the BOLD COFFEE PEOPLE KCUPS...Most all I've tried have been bold and flavorful, each with it's own distinct flavor.
I got the coffee for 12.50 per box.  Ordered 4 boxes!!  Such a great deal, as the coffee is a great blend.<br /><br />If anyone is upset because of the website having issues when they were trying to buy it, they shouldn't review the product poorly, as it is not the product that is the problem.<br /><br />The problem is that you're jealous you didn't get such a great deal on the coffee.  Grow up kids, this coffee is great!!!  Will buy from Amazon.com, LLC again for more K-Cups for my Keurig.<br /><br />ALL OF MY COFFEE ARRIVED PACKAGED WELL AND IN NEW CONDITION, NOTHING WRONG WITH IT!!
Highly recommended for those who appreciate a good dark roast coffee, Wolfgang's Sumatra Kopi Raya excites the flavor buds and ignites one's morning... always a good start to any day.
Ok...TODAY 4/15 this company decided to put them up for sale at 12.50 per 24pk...  This advertisement was on SLICKDEALS.NET<br /><br />Well... Went to order and refreshed the page and in my cart was now 1 at 36 dollars???? so they sold one out of my cart.<br />Next.... I waited 20 mins to see if it was a fluke and SD.NET started claiming dead link.<br /><br />Well upon refreshing again... they were now 44.95 for one 24 pack...<br /><br />Hey RIDICULOUS SELLER..... GET WITH THE PROGRAM ...IF THIS IS YOUR WAY OF RECOVERING QUICK MONEY...I THINK PEOPLE ARE MUCH SMARTER THEN THAT UPON PRESSING CONFIRM MY ORDER>..... ROUND OF APPLAUSE TO YOU FOR BEING SO UN-TECH-SAVY
No thanks.  Kind of bitter and has slight overtone of cardboard.  Organic Bold and Donut Shop are still our faves.
The worst!!! it is just plan awful bitter and strong and you cannot taste the Hazel Nut flavor at all!!!!!  Do not buy this product save your money!!!!!
K-cups are marginally better than good coffee that I can buy at the store for 1/2 the price or less. This product was offered at $19.95 and I was willing to purchase it but it immediately went up to $26.95. It is not really worth $19.95 and is certainly not worth any increase. Additionally, what's the deal on offering INSTANT COFFEE in K-cups for $15.99 leaving us to think it's a good deal on REAL coffee. Do you want to lose our trust (business)???? That's a good way to do it!!!!!!!!!!<br />jb
I thought this coffee was really horrible. Had one cup and will throw the rest away because it can't be returned.
I ordered the vanilla coffee for my college age children.  Unfortunately, there were shipping delays and it did not arrive until the kids had returned to college for the Fall semester.  Update to come when they finally come home for a break -- it may be a while.  The other coffees I have ordered have all been tasty and a very good value, I have no reason to believe this will be any different. I can say that the k cups and the Keurig have been delightful.  I enjoy having a freshly brewed cup every time and like that I save a bunch of money by brewing at home into a travel mug rather than stopping to drop $2.00 for a cup on the way to work.  Saves all those styrofoam cups too!
I bought both the Creme Caramel and this Hazelnut kcup and I couldn't tell them apart even if my life depended on it... The flavor is pretty weak and the coffee itself is too and unlike the Caramel one, this one has a nasty bitter aftertaste like the flavor is artificial.  Yeah, I know it's artificial but I hate that it actually tastes like a chemical!  Yuk...<br /><br />This is one of those coffees you can serve to company who doesn't know good coffee or people you don't want to have come to your house any more as one cup of this and they won't be your friends after it!  It really is quite bad.
Definitely not extra bold...medium roast at best.  Not particularly memorable...doesn't have a good coffee aroma...but it's pretty decent tasting.  At this point I'm not sure if I would reorder.
this coffee has a very funny taste to it not good you would think wolfgang it would be good dont buy this coffee this is a review of 6 people there are 6 people in my shop we all hate it not good
I'm not a coffee snob. If I was, I doubt I'd own a Keurig. I just want a decent tasting cup of coffee with little cleanup.<br /><br />I've tried many of the flavored coffees, but they're too gimmicky for me. Starbucks brand tastes burnt to me, even their blonde roast -- in stores I mean, I have not tried the Starbucks brand kcups.<br /><br />I like this breakfast blend because it's not too dark, not too light. It tastes like what no-frills coffee should taste like. I order the biggest size to get the best value.<br /><br />Update: I just tried to create a review for the "Jamaica Me Crazy" coconut flavor, which I thought was terrible. (And I *love* coconut.) I should specify that the original review was for "Breakfast in Bed."
I was so excited to try a new BOLD coffee.....needless to say, I am disappointed. I would rate this coffee as a MEDIUM. If it would have been listed as a MEDIUM, I would have given it a higher rating because this is truly a MEDIUM strength coffee in taste and flavor. I will still drink it from time to time- flavor is smooth, not bitter. Overall, I wish that I would have ordered some more Jet Fuel or Black Tiger.
I do like this coffee, but even with Subscribe and Save, Amazon's price is higher than K-cups at Bed Bath & Beyond.  Convenience is one thing, but since there are BB&Bs all around me, it's pretty easy to pick up my coffee there and save a few bucks.  I wish Amazon would price their coffees more competitively - I'd buy here exclusively if they did.  But this is good, medium roast coffee.  Not quite as strong as I'd like, but a little stronger than the Breakfast in Bed version.  I may need to try Sorrento and see if it's a little bolder.
So here is another example of a 48-pack of k-cups I bought "untested".  I figured, well, I really enjoy Sumatra's bold, smooth and rich with a bit of bitterness flaver, so why not?  Wolfgang puck has a few restaurants, so maybe he knows coffee.<br /><br />So, this is utterly average in all departments.  It's not very bold or rich, although I can say it does have the bitterness, which is a bit unbalanced as it lacks the richness.  Purchased only because it appeared on the Subscribe & Save at a great price per k-cup.  That makes two WP's that have been run of the mill at best [Sumatra & French roast].  Next time I'll be more discerning.
I really like to mix things up with k-cups and rarely buy 50-ct boxes of a single flavor.  Exception to the rule would be for dark, bold coffees such as French roasts, which I really enjoy.  So when Wolfgang Puck's French roast turned up on Amazon's deal of the week, even though I have never tried before, now I have 48 units.<br /><br />It's fairly non-descript for a French roast.  Decent aroma, but taste is muted compared to, for example, a Diedrich French roast.  I don't hate or even dislike it, it's 'okay', and for the price I paid, is acceptable without complaint.  It may make an acceptable guest coffee for those wanting something a little bolder without being over the top rich.<br /><br />I'd call it mildly bold, average, and I won't be going out of my way to keep it on hand.
My favorite K-Cup so far. Absolutely NO aftertaste, which in my book is a huge plus. It's not acidic, not bitter, just a great MILD cup of coffee, which is exactly what it purports to be! I wish other people would read the description before they give a bad review based on their own stupidity. Don't buy a MEDIUM roast coffee and complain because it's not bold! Also, as a general rule the ones with "Breakfast" in the name are milder. I don't care for bold, dark roast, slap you awake coffee so I wouldn't buy a bold coffee and then complain that it was bold.
I've read so many reviews on the many brands and varieties of K-cups... coffee preferences are so subjective.  I did like the flavor of this coffee -- bold but not bitter.  As to "strength" I wish that there was more coffee in each K-cup... I am accustomed to Starbuck's strength, and I have to set my Keurig to medium-cup size to get the strength I need.  This is not as cost-effective as -- say Jet Fuel (but I found Jet Fuel too bitter.)<br />If Wolfgang Puck would add more coffee to its K-cups, this would be a perfect coffee for me.
Wolfgang Puck's "Breakfast in Bed" is a much more flavorful and robust medium roast than this one.
This coffee has a very tropical taste to it, so it's perfect for iced coffee on a hot day.  The flavor is not bad when heated, but it just seems a little odd.<br /><br />You don't usually think of tropical beverages being hot.
We have been enjoying our order of W.Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya dark roast coffee K-cups for the last week.  We find the delicious flavor very satisfying...not so strong to be bitter, and not so weak as to taste like colored water.  The coffee is perfect. There is just the right amount of heartiness to make it an enjoyable coffee experience, and it carries a nice lingering pleasant flavor and aroma.  It is not as strong as an espresso, but maybe one step below.  Like we said, "pleasant, smooth, and flavorful!"
I am not a fan of any of the decaf k cups I have tried but this one is probably the best.I like strong coffee and his comes pretty close to what I would expect although it says medium roast.
I was intrigued how this particular blend got such an exotic name, and I wasn't disappointed.  There is an ever so slight coconut aftertaste that makes this so delicious,  I don't like strong coffee, and this is perfect for my husband and I.  I get it send regularly now and it's one of our favorites!  Second only to Jamaica Me Crazy by Wolfgang Puck.  Wolfgang is much tastier than the other brands.
I tried this coffee on a half dozen quests this weekend and they all loved it.  For those that like their coffee mild, I brewed 7 oz cups.  For those of us that like it bold, I brewed 5 oz cups.<br /><br />As an earlier posted noted, it does have a slightly flavored quality to the taste that makes it stand out from other coffees.  The taste isn't obvious enough to turn off drinkers who want their coffee "regular and black" but strong enough to note for those of us that pay attention.<br /><br />I plan on trying all of Wolfgang's line.  Wish he'd offer a variety pack.
This is not regular coffee as the description would lead you to believe... it's artificially flavored, and it appears from the other ratings that you either love the flavor or hate it. My household hated it. Of course, that would be my problem if the description was accurate, but it's not. Amazon refunded my money and said someone would check the information on the product page.
I just got my box today and brewed a cup after work. It's one of my favorite k-cups yet!! I recommend it. Smooth, doesn't taste watered down, and no bitter aftertaste. The cups also look pretty in my k-cup rack :-)
Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut is the best K-Cup Hazelnut and I have tried them all. We ordered this large pack, because we sadly found out that Wolfgang Puck is discontinuing many (not all) of their K-Cups, including this flavor. Buy this while you can!
So far, of all the decaf Kcups we have tried, this is our favorite.  Wish it were on the automatic ordering system.  Coffee is such an individual like or dislike but when we use it with an 8oz cup of water it is great.
I bought the Kuerig because I love the Dunkin Original and Green Mountain Nantucket Blend.  Rodeo Drive has now become my favorite.  It is very delicious and smooth.
When I feel that I do not need more caffine, I have found that the Wolfgang Puck Decaf is a great substitute.  I really can't tell the difference, taste wise.  I had been having trouble finding a good decaf.  I think this one is it.
Sometimes I feel when I reach for a decaffeinated K-cup that I'm going to settle for less flavor. However, I'm completely happy with this product. I don't feel I'm missing anything. Everyday I treat myself to a relaxing cup of coffee after work before starting dinner. This product just fits  what I'm looking for.
I got a 5 k-cup sample box of this coffee from Keureg, and I find that it is my favorite decaf coffee. It brews a smooth tasting cup of coffee every time. I add some 1/2 & 1/2 and a bit of Equal, and it is a treat any time.<br />Glad to have found this coffee.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are very good. This particular flavor of decaf is delicious - doesn't taste like decaf at all, very rich & flavorful. Also, this was a very good value for the price. I've recommended this product to several friends.
My wife and I have decided hands down, this is our favorite K-cup. We've tried a lot of others, and Donut Shop and Caribu Daybreak are certainly still up there. However, this has a very solid body flavor with a medium roast. Almost a bold flavor with a smooth finish. Excellent flavor versus strength. Really nice to get up on a lazy Sunday morning and have a nice cup of Breakfast in Bed!<br /><br />Also, I see another reviewer had problems with messy K-cups. I can say after about 6 boxes of theses, I haven't had any issues. Very unfortunate for the other reviewer, but looks like it was rather isolated.<br /><br />Give it a try, you'll certainly enjoy it, the wife and I sure do!
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
I am usually a non flavored coffee drinker, but I do like to mix things up every now and again. This is a lightly coconut flavored coffee. The coffee itself is a medium brew and it goes well with the tropical undertones of the coconut. It is a nice summer drink.
I love quite a few coffees but this one is grabbing my whole households attention. It's not bitter but it's not light either. It's perfect. I love it.
I switched to Decaf and was looking for a decent cup on the Keurig machine.  I was only interested in Subscribe and Save options.<br /><br />This is a fairly light roast, which I like.  I brew on the middle setting and I think if it was brewed any larger I would think it was too light.
Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them.  Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers.  Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good.  It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee.  Try something else instead.
Absolutely love Wolfgang Puck Rodeo Drive K Cups.  It is the best.  Nice rich flavor but not too strong.  Best one yet!
I have purchase this coffee several times my husband said it has a great taste and it is a good cup of coffee
I am a huge fan of Jamaica Me Crazy coffee.  There was a time in my life when I was totally caffeine free and off the dark stuff, but a customer in the bank I worked at brought in a pound of this coffee as a gift to the tellers.  Every time someone walked by my desk with a cup of this freshly made joe, the smell would really tempt me to go back to consuming coffee again.  Eventually it broke me down, and I am back to being a full time coffee drinker, and proud of it! Imagine how happy I was to find my favorite brew in a K-cup!  The only thing better than a cup of Jamica Me Crazy is a cup sweetened with the new Almond Joy flavor International Creamer in it to highlight the sweet coconut.  Unfortunately, we only have a Keurig at our office (I'm in Real Estate now), so I have to go to work to enjoy a cup.  I'm thinking I have a brilliant boss who knows how to get people to willingly show up to work! Now if I can just figure a way to use it to temp more buyers into our office - I'd have it made ;0)
I bought this grudgingly because my favorite Timothy's Italian Blend was out of stock...... and I was very happily surprised! It's not as "big"  and winey a brew as my favorite, but was flavorful, had a delicious aroma and was smooth. I tend to like rather potent coffee but I have clients who prefer a little lighter cup..... this will be perfect! I will happily keep buying this coffee. Thanks Wolfgang!
I think this is a love it or hate it kind of coffee.  I love it.  The flavor starts out similar to butter toffee, but then sort of morphs into coconut, pineapple, and rum.  I think it's delicious and unique, and I don't ever want to be without some in my cupboard.
This one will not disappoint!  I got this yesterday and my husband and I tried it this morning with breakfast and we both loved it.  I have gotten many different kinds of the k-cups to try but after trying this one, I think I could be happy with just this one and black tiger for those mornings when I want a really strong cup of coffee.  The rodeo drive blend is delicious with a nice round feel on the palate and an interesting flavor on the finish with just a hint of smokiness.  Perfectly balanced and absolutely wonderful!  Plus, I have to admit...I love the label. The different color looks very appealing on my carousel with the other k-cups.
We've tried many of the K-cups that are available, and this is in our top 3. We prefer a darker, bolder flavor, and this one hits the mark. At the same time it's quite smooth.
My husband I both like a mild tasting coffee.  We thought we would give Wolfgang Puck Breakfast in Bed a try.  We were pleasantly surprised by the full bodied taste but without the bitterness of some of the stronger tasting coffee's.  We are very satisfied and will be drinking this for a long time!  Now if I can only get my husband to take the name literally!
This k-cup is one of my favorites along with Coffee People's Jet Fuel and Black Tiger.  If you like a strong, rich coffee, this will fit the bill.
Not too strong, not too weak...smooth without the bitterness.  Great anytime for those not into the strong "grow hair on your chest" types.  We will continue to purchase this as a part of our favorite brands.
Wolfgang's Rodeo Drive does make a good ole cup of coffee. It is on the same line as Donut Shop. Very good morning coffee to wake up with.
The coffee was more on the light side rather than medium roast.  I don't think I would purchase it again even though it was a good value purchase.
I have tried several decaf K-cubs and have found this to be the best. My husband does not like decaf but has finally found this one he will drink because it has a little bolder taste.I find it a good coffee to have in the house for company because everyone seems to like it. I will be ordering it again and again!
This coffee is for those who like a strong robust flavor. Nothing wimpy about it. I like just enough cocoa mix and creamer to take off the edge. My husband goes for the gusto. Great wake-me-up-in-the-morning brew. Love it!
This is an excellent blend perfect for any time. Was really surprised by the quality, flavor and finish.
As coffee, these kcups are just ok.  As "flavored" coffee these are disappointing.  I found the vanilla to be barely detectable.
After receiving this coffee I made a few cups.  It was fairly smooth, not too overpowering, and had a slight mocha aroma.  It's OK coffee.  I likely will not purchase this one again because there are so many better ones.  To gauge my review for others, my favorites are Coffee People Donut Shop, Green Mountain Dark Magic, Coffee People Organic Bold, Emeril's Big Easy Bold, and Tully's Kona Blend.
Nice, smooth cup of Joe. High recommend. Not sure why there is not more reviews?!?!
This coffee was in a "sample" selection when we ordered our Keurig Brewer.  It was by far our favorite!  I have ordered this coffee several times from Amazon.  It is a dark roast, but not too strong.
You get a consistent cup of coffee with a hint of hazelnut. A cup of hot coffee in about 20 seconds that tastes great... what's not to like about that?! :)
These have a stronger caramel flavor although still a medium strength coffee.  The best caramel flavored K-cup I've tried!  I will reorder them.
I want to try other types of coffee but I am so stuck on this one that it's hard to try anything else!  This is a mild roast.  Medium or dark roast is too strong for me these days.  The hazelnut flavor it very nice and every cup brewed is superb.  I have been drinking this Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut for at least 6 months and it never fails to please.  Give it a try :)
love this Rodeo Drive it has a very drinkable taste is also good and it is smooth! I recomend that you try this one.
This is the most delicious coffee ever It does not mess up your stomach it's amazing and tastes wonderful and everyone at work loves it too
For years, I've been completely devoted to Dunkin Donuts brewed at the store and at home.  I tried brewing DD in my K cup and I also bought the Eco Brew and the actual DD k cups.  Awful!  So I was searching high and low for a new coffee.  After trying all the decaf k cups on the market, I finally found and loved Wolfgang Puck decaf coffee k cups.  This is the only place I can find them so I hope Amazon never stops selling them here.  They are mellow, medium roast and I enjoy them every day.  Any other brand is just a back up.  Try them.  I have never had any trouble with any of the cups and I'm on my third order now of 48 cups.  If they had a problem, they've fixed it.<br /><br />This is an update being done on July 7, 2012.  I continue to drink at least two cups of this coffee EVERY day.  It has ruined me for other coffees as I measure every other cup against this incredible Wolfgang Puck Decaf k cup.  Please, please, PLEASE Amazon, make this part of your subscription service.  My head hurts trying to make sure that I always remember to order so as not to ever be out of this wonderful coffee.
I really like medium strength coffee but this is a little too bold to be considered medium. It is almost bitter when compared to other medium coffees.
Great product to start your AM with as its not too strong but just the right tast for your morning wake us up.
Our Keurig coffee maker was a great Christmas gift last year. One of the pleasures of this device is the experimentation with various coffee blends. Some have worked well; others have not. Some are too mild; some are a bit "off" on taste.<br /><br />This Wolfgang Puck product is one of the more successful experiments with the Keurig machine. It has a rich taste and still remains smooth. Not too strong a flavor, but it does have flavor.<br /><br />So, the two coffee drinkers in my household are quite pleased to drink this brew.
This coffee is okay but certainly not as good as Green Mountain's Breakfast Blend. It just doesn't taste as good.
This is a great flavored coffee nevertheless, K-cups are getting too expensive for everyday home use.  I am now using the filler and using my own ground coffee much of the time. It's also helpful to look for other price alternatives.
I roast my own Colombian beans at home so I have a perfect "10" for reference. Right off the bat let me say that just like their Sumatran reserve, this k-cup is not bitter, but smooth. The aftertaste is also smooth. My chief complaint is it does not taste like a Colombian bean. It really is missing the deep flavor of a columbian coffee, while the Sumatran Puck K-cup definitely has a Sumatran taste. The "8 oclock" brand you see in many grocery stores has a more distinct flavor than this k-cup. That being said, my final recommendation is that I would recoommend the Puck Sumatran over this if you like a distinct coffee flavor. However, if you are looking for a not-too-stong-but-not-bitter coffee, this Colombian is a great choice. I would buy this again just because of the smooth taste.
I've always been drawn to K-Cup varieties with out there names (Jet Fuel, Black Tiger) and distinctive flavors (Golden French Toast, Spicy Mayan Chocolate). This offering melds those two features into something I'm happy to wake up to!<br /><br />To me, Jamaica Me Crazy's definitely got a pervasive coconut taste fairly similar to Dunkin' Donuts coconut flavored coffee, but it's also got a lot of the flavor characteristics I've come to expect from K-Cup chocolate brews. Barely any of that acidic aftertaste that's almost inevitable with artificial flavors, and definitely not as watery as many other K-cup varieties. Sure, the name's pretty corny and the taste is hardly subtle or sophisticated, but that's what makes this cup of joe so fun!
I use this product frequently.  Like most tofu, you need to press it (between paper towels with a heavy skillet on top works fine) to get the excess water out.  The more water you can remove, the less you'll have to deal with sloppiness when cooking, something the previous reviewer did not like.<br /><br />As for a blank slate on taste, that's exactly what makes tofu great.  It will take on any flavor you want to impart.  Our most common marinade is placing the pressed, cubed tofu in a Ziploc with a mix of soy, honey, and lemon or lime juice.  A quick search online for a marinade will give you ideas (many also include minced garlic, ginger, etc).  You can also purchase a premade marinade, like a teriyaki sauce.  The more liquid the marinade (and the more water removed from pressing), the better it will penetrate the tofu.  Even a half hour in the bag works fine.<br /><br />We saute it right in the pan with the stir fry veggies (add tofu last--it just needs to get warm; or, for a firmer style, you can bake or "brown" it separately first) and pour in the remaining marinade as the final sauce (you can thicken with cornstarch if desired).  Handle the tofu cubes gently as they are not firm like most meats, but broken up pieces taste just fine too.<br /><br />Marinated tofu cubes also do well on kebabs with veggies on the grill.<br /><br />Plain tofu "creams" well and is often good in a dish that requires thickness.  We've made chocolate mousse with it as well as scrambling it like eggs.<br /><br />We have great success breading pressed cubes of this tofu just like you would the chicken in a General Tso recipe.  General Tso's Tofu is AWESOME.  The flavor comes from the sauce so you don't need to marinate first.<br /><br />Some people also freeze tofu--generally remove from packaging and press first--to give it a firmer consistency.<br /><br />Tofu is all about how you prepare it.  Most people will NOT like it plain, so don't expect to just dig a fork into it.<br /><br />This particluar product is great because of its all-purpose nature (firm is definitely better than soft for saute, etc) and its shelf life.  I would have given it five stars but the must-be-refrigerated versions packaged in fluid do seem to be firmer.  They don't last as long in the house, though, so this is a perfect choice to keep in the pantry (usually dated a few to several months out).
This is the greatest stuff on the planet. First off, I think it's the best silken tofu there is--firm silken will do all of your silken needs, basically. I use it to make mousses for desserts in my food processor. For instance, add some melted chocolate chips, some corn starch, add to a graham cracker crust: you've got a pie. Or I will add some peanut butter, cocoa powder and maple syrup to make a mousse. I also like to just add strawberries and bananas and maple syrup for a "yogurt." I use it to make "sour cream" and onion dips for vegetables. I also like it to make "sour cream" for Mexican food and potatoes--my omni boyfriend can't even tell the difference. Also good to make mayonnaise for potato salad. I recommend a food processor or blender to really get the smooth, creamy texture. This tofu is the best stuff on the planet. I order the 12 pack of it, because I got through 4 or more a week. Also, I like to get the organic, because soybeans are typically highly sprayed crops. It's worth the few extra bucks. I love this stuff--behind my almond milk, this is my most vital ingredient.
My wife and I decided that we wanted to begin having miso soup for dinner on a more regular basis, so purchased this tofu as an essential ingredient for my miso soup recipe. I was totally impressed with the individual packaging of the tofu (and the fact that it doesn't need to be refrigerated), the taste and texture, and the overall product quality. Needless to say, I am reordering and will continue to do so. I want to say that my picky kids also love this tofu as well -- for kids that seem to only want mac & cheese, they are gorging themselves on (much healthier) miso soup now. This makes me happy. By the way, I also highly recommend the Roland White Miso Paste (incredible flavor and great quality) and the Ajinomoto Hon Dashi Soup Stock which I both purchased from Amazon.  If interested, my Miso Soup recipe is as follows: 1 package of Morinu firm silken tofu (this stuff), 2 tsp Dashi soup stock, 3 TBS white miso paste, 4 cups of water and 2 chopped scallions -- we also reconstitute shitake mushrooms, add dried wakame seaweed (highly recommend either Eden or Emerald Cove from Amazon as well), add shaved daikon, etc. However, this recipe is awesome just as is... We live in Northern California with some of the best Japanese restaurants in the world, but this recipe blows away (or at least equals) what you can get from any restaurant. But I digress... I highly recommend this tofu!
I used to eat tofu almost every. And i havn't had those for a while.<br />So i was searching and i was actually surprised that amzon has tofu!<br />I was Half-curious and Half-pleased!So i bought it..and i don't regret it.<br />It's Organic, cheap and doesn't need to be refrigerated until opend.<br />I just like to eat these by it self or with udon soup.<br />I am going to buy this again. So good..: )
Having recently turned Vegan, I had to buy my mandatory supply of tofu. This stuff is the bomb! I haven't done a lot of exotic things with it thus far, but I LOVE to use it as a salad dressing/potato topper. I crack open a brick, dump it into the blender, add a little vinegar, a little soy milk, onion power, dill weed, chives, tiny bit of celery seed & a generous dose of nutritional yeast. I blend all that up till it's smooth, and then store it in a GLAD container in the icebox. Stays fresh for about 4 days. I like to just dump this stuff all over my meal of baked potatoes & romaine lettuce.<br /><br />I can't wait to explore ALL the options with this stuff. Banana pudding may be next!
I am fairly new to tofu but have already gone through 3 cases of this lovely tofu since the beginning of the year.<br />It's really great. Very mild flavour that is easily masked by what ever you cook it with.<br /><br />I make an awesome instant chocolate pudding with this stuff, a box of silken tofu, some dark cocoa powder, stevia and then a bit of milk to loosen it up. Whiz in a blender or food processor and it makes a super creamy, dreamy delight that I don't feel guilty about eating and leaves me more satisfied than your standard pudding. Chill it and it becomes a realllllllllllllly thick, luscious mousse. (making myself hungry)<br /><br />Anyhoo, I love that it's a shelf stable product that I can have on hand for impromptu meals.<br /><br />Sometimes I make burgers by mixing it with smoked paprika, garlic, onion, nutritional yeast, oatmeal, masa flour, bit of nice oil until a thick consistency and fry up and they're just fantastic.<br /><br />I think this is one of those foods that's so versatile and easy to play with and gives you a nice bit of protein to your diet.
Following a plant based diet, I use tofu almost daily.  It is expensive to purchase at a store and takes up valuable real estate in my fridge.  These packages sit perfectly on a shelf.  They are a little smaller than standard refrigerated tofu (12 oz vs 16 oz).  They are also silk tofu so they don't hold  their shape as well, which is good for certain things like fried rice or chocolate mousse.  Not great if you are making tofu steaks or strips.
Recently purchased a case of Mori-Nu from Amazon ... I'd had this tofu before and the product I got from Amazon is fine. Though, a word of caution - my case only has about 4 1/2 months to go on its "best by" date. The date on the box represents one year from manufacture, so this product had been sitting around a while. Not a huge problem but I'll be looking for silken-tofu recipes now (vegan ice cream!), to use this up, rather than just having silken tofu on hand for a while, as I'd hoped.
We recently started eating vegetarian meals, and this product is organic and very solid, you won't get a ton of water like you get in store bought Tofu, you will be happy with the quality and fast delivery.
The texture is a little grainy, compared to some other silken tofus (it tastes a little weird to me, but I got used to it). I wish this tofu was made only with nigari, instead of gluconolactone and calcium sulfate. I'm happy to be able to buy the organic online. It was shipped well, arrived with no problems.
This is much different than the water packed tofu I'm used to but I like it a lot. I've only made pudding with it so far (chocolate, chocolate peanut butter banana, and next, pumpkin!) but I can see the potential uses. And reading other reviews and doing various searches for ideas (mayo! sauces! dips! smoothies!) really help too. I'd love to be able to replace mayo with tofu and create a creamy cheesy tofu sauce for mac & cheese. Imagine the calorie savings!<br /><br />The best thing about this tofu is that it's shelf stable. I read on their website (morinu.com/) that each pack is dated on its creation date and is good for one year from that date. That's useful info. Also check their website for recipes and suggested uses. Each pack has a recipe on it but it's the same for all 12.
I use this in place of mayo for many recipes when I need something creamy and quick.  This also works very nice for sweet dishes as there is very little taste to the tofu and it does absorb flavors well like a chocolate pie.
Love these tofu as they don't require refrigeration until the package is open! I use tofu a lot in my cooking, so have them handy all the time makes it really convenient! The price is not too bad for an organic tofu.
Good firm texture, comparing to other silken firm, this is just the right consistency. Hassle-free, it is easy to come out from the container Tofu shape as is.  Easy to handle and manage rather than crash or smash it.
I have used this product for many years.  It is ORGANIC/NON-GMO which is a requirement for me, as well as the good nutrition analysis, ease of use, and cost.  Morinu is packaged with a shelf life of 9-12 months, needs no refrigeration, and can easily adapt to most recipes and smoothies.  My pantry is never without Morinu Organic Firm Tofu and Amazon has the best price.
1000 island dressing...strawberry shakes...tofu faux omelet...!Convenient..fast..long shelf life..delish and organic,I order several 12pks at a time.I will also use this product for baking.
I like this brand and think the shelf-stable packaging is great since I can't seem to find the organic version locally. It's been delicious in my recipes.
And we find her here upon this grand amazon!<br /><br />Each day Morinu feeds me like my own nourishing mother, cherishes and consents my whims with this wonderful food.<br /><br />Eschew all animal byproducts and cadavers.<br /><br />This tofu is a strengthening food, fit for human consumption.<br /><br />And so convenient from our mighty amazon, sent right to your front porch or, in my case, post office box with free shipping rather than driving thirty to seventy five miles for the same product at three times the price, plus gas.<br /><br />This is fit food for humans, food for which our bodies are created, food which feeds us rather than kills both the source and the consumer.<br /><br />You may read here written by the self-deceived that this tofu is too mushy for firmness and that it must be pressed between towels before cooking. To them so confused I ask<br /><br />Cooking?<br /><br />Each day at least once a day, I draw forth my serrated knife, and one sacrificial box of this excellent tofu, and I without remorse slice a hole in its top, with great tenderness and care and gratitude, releasing only the slightest and most apologetic gentle spurt of clearest liquid.<br /><br />And this with a certain yearning.<br /><br />I do not observe the indications written sternly upon the short edge of the box, but lie this box gently down upon a smooth flat slab of wood, with the face up, and take the knife very gently sliding upon on edge of the top, the very belly of the box, and then upon the other edge of this top, and then most gently along the bottom edge of this top, each time releasing apologetically the slightest hint of a clear liquid, revealing thusly by means of these three slits the gentle hidden secrets of the box, the soft white substance lying shyly within, awaiting with embarrassment our further processing.<br /><br />I feel the need to explain this procedure with greater care and attention. The very tip, the point of the knife, uncovers tenderly a certain point a certain distance from the corner of the broad top of the box, the side with the picture and product label, as pictured here, the side which reads Morinu, the broad flat side laid flat. The very tip of the knife, I say, discovers probingly a certain point near one corner which offers the proper resistance without too great a resistance, without too little a resistance, to penetrate this membrane. Too close to the corner is found to be too hard, too resistant, too unwilling, although most convenient for the later proceedings. Too distant from the corner implies simply random slashings without specific purpose, and our purpose in this procedure is most serious, most purposeful, intent.<br /><br />In a word therefore the point of the knife penetrates the membrane slowly yet purposefully as close to the corner as possible, penetrating as deeply as possible without piercing the wooden slab beneath. A certain spurt of clear liquid may emerge, but let this prove no inhibition, as the knife reaches the depth of the box. Slowly withdraw the knife, slowly, at a diagonal, allowing the serration softly with friction to continue to separate a slight slit along the ege of the box, slowly, resolutely but patiently, with purpose, as the serration creates an ever longer slit along that edge, as closely as possible.<br /><br />Continue from this first slit along the the contiguous edge of the top of this box, and then the third edge, inserting carefully your knife, and slowly withdrawing with a friction sufficient to separate the membrane without shredding, without eliciting over muchly the clear liquid which may spurt forth.<br /><br />Let us call the top right corner of the box Point A, the bottom right corner Point B, the left bottom corner Point C and the upper left corner Point D. Begin to pierce at Point A, proceed in turn to B, to C, ending at D, forming this a slit along the three edges. Arriving at Point D, withdraw the knife completely, wipe the blade with a soft, dry cloth and set it aside for cleansing. We now may lift the flap thus created, exposing the delicate white contents within.<br /><br />I feel remiss if I do not address a probable misconception here writtenonly for the rhetorical convenience, and I feel compelled by the necesity of correcting this counter-indication, no matter how unclear this may be, due only to my severely limiting literary incapacities.<br /><br />Employing the same alphabetical coordinates as described above, the consumer may discover this procedure far more efficacious: to begin at Point A and proceed gently yet firmly to point B as described. Divergently, however, please proceed to point D (!) and then directly by knife edge to point C, parallel to the Line AB already created, yet along the opposing edge. Having thusly formed two parallel slits, find the midpoint between Point B and Point C as close to the edge as possible, probing and then plunging the tip of the knife through the cardboard membrane, through to the bottom of the box, but now with an orientation perpendicular to that previously used in the formation of lines AB and DC. Withdraw slowly, delicately, yet with sufficient friction at an angle to proceed effectively to the corner at Point B. Withdraw completely and reverse the knife blade, returning it deeply at the midpoint previously entered. Withdraw once more with similar care, and opposite diagonal, completing the slit thus formed entirely to Point C. I am confident the consumer may discover this procedure far more delightful and effective than any here previously described.<br /><br />Firmly we roll back the top flap created by the three slits. Proceed mercilessly, proceed, not frenetically, but ardently nevertheless, to dice within the selfsame box her contents, slowly, gently, but decisively. The fresh tip of my serrated knife, which in recent memory has touched no animal part, but vegetable alone, and never shall become so adulterate with the blood of the animal, with the dairy of the animal, this sanctified and reserved and faithful tip, having never known in any sense animal but only vegetable, purified thus, unadulterate, this sacred knife dares therefore pierce this gentle pure white tofu into a ruthless grid of slits, fully through to the bottom box, plunging first vertically in rhythmically repeated rows spaced gently a few centimeters apart, and then, relentlessly, horizontally, pushing ever so softly through the yielding, unresisting white tofu laid back upon the flat slab, awaiting without a word this process, with utter patience, yielding.<br /><br />Completed this repeated slicing, back and forth, up and down, across, and through, and through, I lift in one hand upwards the entire box gently, yet unrelentingly, over the recipient reserved for this purpose alone. Most often it is the daily lunch container, reusable, with soft top, to receive the more securely and gently this daily offering, removed demurely from its box, as cautiously as a hermit crab from its borrowed shell, vulnerable by exposure. With one finger one may remove whatever residue remains relunctly within the package, passing it reassuringly into the ultimate recipient.<br /><br />Lime juice freshly squeezed upon the tofu deposited there, as ablution, meets fragrant sprigs of fresh green cilantro mated with whole <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000JMFCRU">Corriander Seeds 7oz</a>, and a generous ladling of the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GZU7QQ">Eden Organic Garbanzo Beans, 15-Ounce Unit (Pack of 12)</a> also available upon this generously nutrient amazon. This is a meal in itself, and comes most welcome at noon.<br /><br />At night rather than such a cold lunch, in this cold winter a warmer meal is wanted, and so this gentle and yielding box of nutritious tofu might discover herself pushed gently into a saucepan of simmering miso soup, such as, perhaps, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RMB4WI">Shiro Miso Paste NON GMO No MSG Added</a>. This miso soup would take far greater space to describe here in the making. From this container of miso paste draw forth a goodly spoonful to introduce slowly, most politely, into a gently heating small saucepan of water. Later, in place of seaweed and to deceive my own palate, I place those small flat spinach leaves available in the organic department of your local market, perhaps with the results of a small onion diced very carefully in the manner approved as described above, or green onion.<br /><br />When quite ready for dinner, I add last of all to this essence this gentle box of tofu, sliced as described above, with great and tender care, leaving it bathing one might dare say, only long enough to warm through and through, before eating.<br /><br />A veritable meal in itself.<br /><br />There are so many other manners in which to use, and to abuse, this pure, white and utterly nutritious gentle product, and I can only with my utmost recommendation say, and this with my greatest gratitude, that here at long last we may know a food most willingly fit for our human consumption, and one most readily available upon this wonderful amazon.
Disappointing... while folks like to say tofu has no flavor, I can discern  a type of neutrality and this<br />one is the blankest of blank slates<br /><br />Wet, watery, gelatinous, it is not a product i will buy again soon. I got it because shopping is<br />a challenge.<br /><br />It's not awful, just disappointing. The benefits are the packaging and that is has shelf life.
Even with the chocolate chunks, these bars taste far less sweeter than most granola bars out there and I really appreciated that.<br /><br />They have 110 calories each and 8 grams sugar which is less than Kudos Chocolate Chip (120 cal, 12 sugar) or a Cascadian Farms Chocolate Chip granola bar (140 cal, 10 sugar).  When I need a quick snack, I can eat one with a glass of sparkling water and I feel full until the next meal.  If I need a quick meal I eat one of these with two string cheeses, a large apple and water -- I can make it until dinner.<br /><br />I would recommend these to anyone looking for a tasty and quick snack.
These tiny candies are as delicious as they are presentable. Every single kind of them tastes great! They are packaged well. When I am through the bag, I am ordering it again!!
This tea is strong and has a smoky flavor - you can feel the leafy greenness though. It's not very bitter. I think it's a bit expensive for it is - but I haven't found a replacement. I guess we're paying for the fancy packaging, which in my opinion is a real waste, especially when you go through 3-4 cups a day like I do. Ahmed's Gunpowder green tea is stronger and is pretty good, but is available for cheaper than Dilmah's in the local Indian stores.
Eye Bought This Product On A Recommendation. However, Eye Cannot Seem To Get Past The Strange Taste Yet.  Eye Will Keep Using It To See If This Will Pass Or If Eye Will Acquire A Liking To It.  The Package States No Bitter Taste.  If It Is A Sweetener, Why Should There Be Any Bitter Taste?
If you are looking for a sweetener that is delicious in tea, Stevia can be used to sweeten hot or cold tea. You can almost say goodbye to regular sugars in your drinks once you get a taste for the Stevia powder.<br /><br />Unlike artificial sweeteners, Stevia is never bitter and won't leave a nasty aftertaste in your mouth. The packets are easy to carry with you and you may even notice you have less cravings for sugary foods.<br /><br />By using a low calorie (0 Calories) sweetener with only 1 gram of carbs, you will be ahead of the game. Every single time you use one packet of Stevia, you are using less sugar and you won't even miss it.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
A nutritionist recommended these to sweeten my coffee etc. as there are no negative after effects unlike artificial sweeteners.  Stevia is made from herb in South America. Japanese tea drinkers have been using stevia for years with no ill effects she said.  It's quite a bit sweeter than sugar, so you need less of it as a replacement.<br /><br />I like this brand and put two packets in my iced coffee every morning with almond milk and 1 T cocoa--it tastes like a coffee milk shake for only about 70 calories as the Stevia is calorie-free! The stevia makes it taste like an iced dessert drink and is a great, refreshing treat for the day.<br /><br />This multi-pack offer for this price is about 30% lower than what I can get NuStevia for locally.
Are these people crazy or can I not multiple properly? This is $43 for 24 small cups of peaches.  That works out to $7 for the 4 pack.  This 4 pack cost about $3.50 in a grocery store in the states but because I'm deployed I'm suppose to pay $7 for it?! Not happening. Netgrocer.com is $4.00; higher than a grocercy store, but cheaper than this!
Product has a shelf life of two years and was labeled as produced in December of 2009. Product leaked from seal in carton.
Take the warm scent of Italian Bergamot and blend it with natural raspberry flavor and swirl it into South Indian black tea and what you are creating is a raspberry dream of a tea. This tea, if made with powdered milk, honey or a packet of stevia becomes creamy.<br /><br />Top with vanilla whipped cream and you have a vanilla raspberry bergamot tea. This is the perfect for tea parties or sipping in the morning while enjoying a raspberry muffin.<br /><br />The people who pick the tea leaves are paid a fair wage and the positive energy really does come through in the flavor of the tea. The tea leaves are also organic.<br /><br />I think this is the most delicious tea I've ever tasted! Once you try this flavor, you will want to try all the flavors. I also love the Fireside Chai.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
I love passion fruit juice and this is a very good product. Each bottle makes about a gallon. It is low in sugar and low on glycemic index. Has a lot of potassium and is a natural relaxer. Makes great cocktails too if it isn't relaxing enough for you straight up! Fast delivery and great product!
O.k., so it's not officially kosher--but this is how you make gelatin without cow's hooves, for those of you who get grossed out by Jell-O if you think about it too much.<br /><br />Now foods is a company that sells gluten-free stuff, and this is no exception:  if you have celiac this won't make you sick.<br /><br />Even better, this is powdered agar agar, not flaked agar agar.  That means this will last for months, if not years--although it's also easy to use too much. 1 tablespoon of the flakes = 1/2 tsp of the powder.  The ratio most cooks call for is 1 cup liquid to 1 teaspoon flaked agar agar, which means 1/4 tsp of this powder to 1 cup liquid, with more added for more acidic things like orange juice.<br /><br />However, agar agar doesn't gel as well as Jell-o, so don't expect to get the same results that you would for Jell-o--for that, you need Jell-o or kosher gelatin.  (You can add more agar agar to add firmness; but then it starts to taste like what it is:  seaweed.)
Awesome!  This powder was bought as a media replacement for my Ant Works ant farm.  I haven't tried it as a food supplement, but mixed with a little food dye, Pedialite & sugar; it worked perfectly as Ant Gel.<br /><br />It makes a firm gel clear that holds at room temperature.
I agree with the reviewer who said it won't give you 100% the firmness of jello but it does satisfy my cravings!  Wonderful product!
I received the agar about 12 days after ordering. It comes in a slightly different bottle now, but I assume its the same agar agar as before. The bottle has a snap lid (I'm not so sure about the quality of the seal so I keep the agar agar in an airtight container just as a precaution). I dont plan on eating any of this, but I have used this successfully with mycology experiments in petri dishes (the agar is light enough to see everything well in the dish) so it works great for that.
Agar is basically gelatin for vegans, (or vegetarians.) Regular gelatin is usually animal-based, and is made from leftover body parts of animals that would otherwise be thrown away. Sound appetizing? Agar is a cruelty-free alternative, and is a great aid anytime a thickened creamy base is required, usually in baking. I use this for many cream pies as well as other desserts.
I bought the 2 lb bottle for use in microbio experiments & I haven't really eaten any of it...yet, so I can't comment on the taste or anything like that.<br />But for growing things, it's great.<br />Since it's a powder it's easy to measure out & use, unlike those annoying flaky bars.<br />After the agar sets, it's quite clear which is nice.
Not really much to say about the product other than it arrived similar to as pictured and works as described. I used it as a natural stabilizer for doughnut icing which was excellent. American Wholesale got it to me in 4 days. I purchased 2 oz. USA product.
I needed this for a no-bake cheese cake and I don't use gelatin, kind of creeps me out. But it worked well for what I needed, be sure to read directions.
I haven't tried eating it. I bought it to make vegan DIY pore strips. It totally works! Hooray! I didn't have much luck when microwaving it, but if you boil it like it says on the bottle it firms up quite nicely. Bear in mind, you must add soy milk to make the pore strips. The agar simply doesn't have the ability on it's own.
Product was great, but I ordered & paid for 2 lbs.... received only 2 oz.  I have been unable to get any response from custom service.  There is no way to reach the company by phone.  I just put this credit card transaction into "DISPUTED"!  :-(  :-(  :-(  I still want my 2 lbs.!
Very difficult to work with - tends to turn to solid rock even when following directions - taste is less than desirable
We have been looking for a good chocolate sandwich cookie since Hydrox are no longer being made or sold, and Famous Amos fits the bill.  Much better than Oreos or other types, it is sweet, the chocolate is distinct and the filling is not too sweet as if it is made of only sugar.  The Amazon price is the best, subscribe and save is new and brings the price down to an irresistible buy, which is even more special since these cookies are not always at the grocery
Progresso's chicken gumbo soup doesn't taste all that great when it comes out of the microwave (or off the stove, if that's your way), but it tastes pretty good. It has white meat chicken, kidney beans, okra, rice, celery, carrot, tomato, and red bell pepper in it, as you can see from the picture on the can. Check the picture I uploaded to see what the soup *actually* looks like in the bowl. The chicken was pretty firm and just right, in my bowl. The gumbo taste isn't bad. You won't feel like you're in Louisiana or Memphis while you're eating it (unless you're actually IN Louisiana or Memphis), but it has the distinctive gumbo taste and is really quite good compared to some of Progresso's other soups. My biggest complaint with this soup is that the green vegetables came out mushy, as they tend to with Progresso soups, I've found. The celery and okra were good, just very soft and mushy, which isn't really what I wanted. It did a pretty good job of filling me up, though, as they pack a whole lot into that can as always. Overall a good soup that I wouldn't mind buying more of if I see it on the shelves sometime.
This is my favorite Progresso soup. The broth has excellent flavor and it's not too salty. Yes the veggies could be a bit firmer, but the pieces are large and tasty. It has some heat already, but I  usually add a few shots of hot sauce to suit my taste. If I really want to indulge, I'll chop up a few pieces of smoked sausage and add it before heating - heaven!
I am doing the "subscribe and save" thing with these crackers. I thought that it would take a while to get through the six boxes, but boy was I wrong. Already we're halfway through the boxes. Time to order more!
The crackers are very tasty and we just tried them out with a little salsa on top for a healthy low cal snack and my wife and I absolutely love'em. We will definitely get more once we run out!
I bought duck rillettes from Amazon because my usual favorite duck rillette was not carried anymore by chefshop.com. I was expecting a really good rillette. Full flavored rillette. What I got was a rellette that lacked even flavor of duck and herbs/spices. The texture was good however. Tasted more like a pork rillette. I would not recommend Rouge Perigord Duck Rillettes.
I love this tea. I hated my friends asking me if I was pregnant. I decided to diet but wasn't easy. I was always hungry and at bedtime I couldn't help it and ended up with a plate of ice cream... no good. I decided to give this tea a try and I stopped feeling hungry all the time. The taste is great. I have lost ten pounds in almost two months. I walked al least an hour per day, I only have fruits and tea in the mornings, salad and protein for lunch and fresh smoothies without sugar for dinner. If I feel hungy I have a fruit or raw vegetable. I put chopped garlic on my salads, it gets rid of waste too. I dont diet on weekends but my stomach is smaller so I get full with less and less food. I am buying this for my sister It has been awesome for me. thanks!
I loved this green tea with acai and grape added to it.  It made me feel awesome and gave me lots of energy!  I would recommend this tea to tea lovers who like a bit of an extra boost.  I think the acai extracts help a lot and made me feel wonderful.
Can't complain. Taste good and had quick delivery! It was my first time trying this tea out. I usually drink the peppermint one but this gave me energy and sustained me throughout the day.
The product description says you are purchasing 6 boxes of 25 tea bags. I received only one box. I called amazon and they said that the quantity I received was correct and the description is wrong. They made it right, but shouldn't have had to. Beware!!
I would recommend this tea, it has a fresh taste with an amazing acai grape flavor that I have not had before.  It also gave me energy which I can always use!
As a spice mix fan, I make a point of trying multiple products on food - both fun and fattening in equal measure!  I've also highlighted what I think are the standout mixes in Chef Tom's line: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000M5TTHI">Chef Tom Douglas Rub With Love Salmon Rub</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000M5TTL4">Chef Tom Douglas Rub With Love Chicken Rub</a>.<br /><br />That said, this mix is a delicious treat, but it doesn't hold the attention of the taste buds like the standouts.  The primary notes are supposedly ancho chiles and smoked paprika, but overall the tastes are muddled and don't provide a 'zing' to the dish.<br /><br />It's a very tasty addition on multiple items such as tri-tip and pot roast but not enough to justify the gourmet price.  It is also too heavy a mix to work well on chicken, fish, or to drizzle over a meat-pasta dish.<br /><br />Note: Surprisingly, the best pairings from Chef Tom for red meats are either the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000M5NKUK">Chef Tom Douglas Rub With Love Pork Rub</a> or a generous portion of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000M5TTL4">Chef Tom Douglas Rub With Love Chicken Rub</a>.
Tom Douglas, a famous Seattle chef, has created a spicy steak rub that is especially delicious. I rub this seasoning on the best filet mignon I can find. Then I cook the steaks in a little oil. One thing about this seasoning is it is made with brown sugar. This means your steak is going to burn a bit unless you keep the heat on medium or lower. When I use this steak rub I tend to cook the steaks a little on each side and then I cut them up into smaller pieces and continue frying. This guarantees that they won't burn. To be honest I can't really taste the rosemary in this mix, the peppers are much more prominent. My husband loves to eat the steaks with a little Tiger Sauce. He thinks that makes them just perfect. I have also tried the Salmon rub and the Chicken rub and have found them all to be delicious.<br /><br />~ The Rebecca Review
My husband and I found this rub in a little market in Philly a few years ago.  We have since purchased it religiously since.  It adds great flavor to steaks that now can't eat a steak without it.  It is definitely a must try!
I am not happy about writing this review. I had very high expectations from both the name and the high praise given by the other reviewers. I was at once concerned, however, based on the weak aroma at first opening. And, these initial concerns were confirmed at first use... little flavor here. I have found a home recipe based off of the ingredient list with stuff from my spice rack produces a much better result.<br /><br />Beef Rub: Brown sugar, sea salt, paprika, chille, rosemary, fresh garlic, chipotle powder, cumin, and McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning.<br /><br />Chicken Rub: Brown sugar, paprika, sea salt, chille, McCormick Montreal Chicken Seasoning, curry, garlic, cinnamon, and Chinese Five Spices.
This steak rub is spectacular. I rub it liberally on steak (usually NY strip), let is sit for a while and then grill.  It has been getting rave reviews and we are already on our 3rd jar. I wish they would sell it in bigger jars. Amazon's price is a bit high though.
This product is OK, I think it has too much sugar and the flavor is not that strong.<br />I enjoyed it, but did not meet my expectations.
I was skeptical because I've seen mixed reviews on similar products like this.  But I'm glad I jumped in and decided to purchase it.  First of all the shipping was fast and it comes gift-wrapped free which is cool.  Second, the glass works great which is most important.  Its double-walled so when I poured my boiling hot water in the glass I had no problem carrying it from the kitchen to my bedroom and barely feeling any warmth.  The filter/strainer does exactly what its supposed to do which is keep the loose tea out of your mouth while you drink your tea.  This is the first time I've used something like this and it works perfectly for me.<br /><br />The blooming tea comes in three small containers.  I'm new to tea so I can't tell what kind it is...most likely some type of jasmine green tea because it smells good.  The first steeping is very mild but the second one the flavor really comes out.  Anyway I hope this helps people that are on the fence like I was about buying glasses like this.  This package is legit and well worth the price.
Fabulous gift.  The blooming teas were lovely and unique.  Packaging was beautiful and perfect for a gift.
I bought this for my son who travels often - he's told me the thermos worked well & the blooming teas were good for 6 brews!
I am so happy to have bought this tumbler.  It is very handy to have around and works beautifully.  I whole-heartedly recommend this product to anyone looking for a convenient tea-making device.  I love the blooming bulbs and how you can see them while it brews! :)
Just be aware that it's quite expensive for the amount that you're getting (less than a pound of pasta per package).
and the expiration date on top of the can says Jan.06,05. I cannot even return it since it is a grocery. Amazon, are you serious?
I like to use walnut oil in salad dressings and in baking.  It's delicious when added to pancakes and muffin mixes in lieu of regular vegetable oil.  It adds just a hint of flavor without being overwhelming.  And with the price that Amazon offers it for vs. what my local grocery store charges for a smaller amount, it is a definite bargain.  Would highly recommend!
This walnut oil is the best on the market. It has been roasted which enhances the walnut flavor. I love it with scrambled eggs and in preparing rice dishes. I've even used it to condition my hair! I completely trust Roland Foods because they are superior in every way.
I purchased this to use on unfinished butcher block, which worked fine, but when I opened the first can the Delightful aroma from this oil had me making a walnut apple viinegret that was delicious.
This is oil is quite a good value compared to the grocery store prices.  We always keep a can in the refrigerator.
I used this oil for a few years now for almost every recipe. It bakes really good in breads and it smells nice, and good in salads. Highly recommended.
This is an aromatic and tasty oil, great on salads or for scrambled eggs.<br />I'm sure I'll find more uses for this as time goes on!  Free shipping<br />makes it a great deal.  My only nit pick is the lid.  Two of the three<br />bottles in the shipment had very tight lids that were difficult to open.
When I bought this food, I saw the image and price and assumed that I would be paying a fair price ($1 less per bag than the grocery store) for low grade cat food. The image and price combination led me to think that I would be paying $45 for 6 18lb+ bags - a good deal. When I received six 3.6lb bags, I thought there had been a mistake. Nope. So, I spend $40+ returning it (I bought three 6 packs - oops) and now Ozbo customer service tells me they take 2-3 weeks processing returns! My kitties need food now, and these people want to sit on my $180 for that long? DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS !!!
If you're looking for a great grain free alternative to beef or chicken, this is it. My two girls loved it. We used to put some in their Kongs, then put in dry food and then seal the end with more wet food and put it in the freezer so that dinner would become more of a challenge. The only con with this food is that it can be pricey, as are most Wellness products. You could probably get the same results you're looking for from a grain free food with something like Taste of the Wild, which is what we've gone to because of cost.
I'm on a low sodium diet and use this product regularly.  Think it is very good.  Try their salsa.  Couple of jars of this & a couple of jars of another pasta suace, spices, seasonings, etc.  However, the $44.00+ shipping cost is a major rip-off.  Try one of two or three sites on Google.  You will save $20.00 to $30.00 a case.
Medaglia D'Oro Instant Espresso Coffee is by far the best way to make a latte in the comfort of your home and it's also the cheapest!  I use it to make an awesome vanilla latte - just put two (2) spoonfuls of the Medaglia D'Oro espresso in a coffee cup and add about 2 shots of hot water and mix.  Place a shot of vanilla syrup in a tall glass(more or less according to individual taste). Next add enough cubed [not crushed]ice to fill the glass 2/3rds of the way up.  Then fill the glass with enough cold milk to cover the ice.  Pout the hot coffee mix over the milk and ice and stir vigorously until mixed.  Add more ice as needed and then pour enough half and half to color the coffee mix to a yummy caramel color.  Delicious and cheaper than the espresso stands (once you have the ingredients on hand).  Medaglio is also great in recipes that call for instant espresso.  Not all stores carry this product so I order from Gristedes through Amazon.com.
I haven't bought this online yet (I just saw it here for the first time today), but I've been buying it locally for almost a year now. I originally bought it for a mocha dessert recipe in the South Beach Diet book. I tried it to make a latte and was pleasantly surprised. I hadn't expected much from instant espresso based on past experience with instant coffees. This is actually very good. I have only used it for lattes and mochas. I don't do espresso by the shot. I particularly like it when I go camping. I've shared it with fellow campers who also liked it. The flavor is rich and can be adjusted to taste by varying the amount per cup. It also has a light froth on top. I recommend it highly.
I love coffee, but I also love not having to messing with the coffee maker sometimes.  This instant espresso is the best I have tried and I have tried about 7 different brands.<br /><br />Not overly acidic at all, melts instantly in hot water (no sand dunes left swirling at the top if your cup), travels wonderfully (compact jar) and is very versitile to have around for cooking:<br /><br /> -- I but a tsp. in a batch of brownies to deepen the dark chocolate flavor<br /><br /> -- I put a Tbs in a BIG batch of chili to compliment the spices and add extra richness.<br /><br /> -- I add a bit to mexican mole sauce for punch.<br /><br /> -- I also put it in: chocolate granache icing, chai tea with milk for a java chai latte, coffee drink mixes for extra umph, etc.<br /><br />It is over 5 bucks at some supermarkets, when/if you can even find it, so it is nice to know it is cheaper at amazon!
I received a jar of this Instant Espresso as a gift from my mother-in-law.  I was quite "insulted" at first, as I've never used instant coffee of any kind and couldn't figure out why she gave it to me! Then this past weekend, I was out of coffee beans & this was all I had (must have coffee in morning).  So I made it, & WOW, it was awesome!! In fact, I'm drinking a mug of it right now as I right this review! I LOVE IT!!  However, I make it in more of a latte fashion.  I've also added hot chocolate to it for a mocha latte.  I'll definitely be looking for it at my neighborhood stores, and if I can't find it, I'll be getting it here on Amazon. Definitely a great buy!!
This instant coffee is a versatile ingredient. You can add it to ice cream you are freezing (or gelato or sorbet) or you can add it to chocolate icing to make mocha flavor. It is the ingredient to have when the recipe calls for "one cup of strong, cold coffee."<br /><br />As a beverage on its own, it is a bit more acid than fresh espresso. But as a mix with milk, it works wonderfully well. You won't make a barrista cup of espresso with instant, but you will have a great way to make a latte in a pinch and for regular cooking, I personally am never without this jar on my shelf.
I prefer this to all other brands and types of coffee. Even after having lived in Italy, this is my favorite.
I was introduced to this product a few years ago and was floored by how tasty and depending on the amount and type of milk added (2% or whole), how chocolaty the flavor could even be.  I've recently moved and don't know where to find it locally so I'm trying the online purchasing option - I'm almost out of it!<br /><br />This is a very nice option for those of us who don't drink coffee all that often but want to have something of quality in the kitchen cupboard.  Goes great with Trader Joes hot chocolate powder too
I use this for work. It's very quick and easy and much better than the vile coffee they provide.<br /><br />I don't understand the price though. A 2 oz jar at Whole Foods was $4.49 well before the exp. date.
This is a good product, especially for iced coffee, but why is it twice the price as it is in stores?  This isn't a fluke--within the past two months I've bought it for $5 a jar in Seattle and in Nevada, so it just looks like good old-fashioned gouging.  Try harder Amazon.
This is a great product when in a hurry!  I'm surprised at the price though.  My store sells it for $3.49 bottle.  When I'm traveling I can usually find this at Mexican markets even cheaper.  I love Amazon - usually their products are less expensive than buying at stores.
I have never been a fan of instant coffee, so the only reason I purchased this was to use in a homemade kahlua recipe.  The kahlua turned out great so I decided to get another jar to have on hand.  As a tea drinker who has lived for years without a coffee maker, it is so nice to have an instant option that tastes great and has a good kick.<br /><br />Delicious!
I am very fond of this coffee, and I won't accept substitutes for it. Several of my local stores have substituted another brand. I just order it on-line when I cannot get it in a store. HOWEVER, Amazon's price is too high. It's $4 a jar in local stores.
I have been using this instant expresso coffee for about a year now.  I buy it in our local supermarket for $3.49 a 2 oz. jar.  I originally needed it for a brownie recipe and looked here to purchase, but I saw the $9.99 price and that certainly made me take a ride to the store.  Luckily, it was on the shelf and at a very reasonable price.  Only one store in the area stocks it.<br /><br />Check your local stores before you buy this online.  Chances are you will find it at a very lesser price locally.  I use it now not just in brownies, but I add two teaspoons to a protein shake, and it makes a great coffee shake.<br /><br />Thank you.
Is this $21.99 price for a single 2-ounce jar or for a 6-pack?  The description only indicates that the price is for 2 ounces, which, of course, is ridiculously expensive. But it's a good deal if it's for a 6-pack.  Previous buyers, can you please advise?  The coffee itself is excellent; I usually buy it in the store and was hoping to find a deal on Amazon.
Medglia D'Oro instant espresso works great in recipes.  I'm not crazy about the stand-alone taste, but didn't buy it for that purpose anyway. As some have suggested I might have found it at a lower price in a store, but looked everywhere and couldn't find instant espresso in any brand, so this order was easy and reasonable.
I bought this from safeway for about $5. It's awesome in making those homemade iced caramel macchiatos that cost $4 at starbucks! :)<br /><br />(I don't know if it's just me, but it has this slight chocolatey aftertaste to it that's just absolutely divine)
This is really a normal taste coffee. I would not buy more after I finish this one. In fact, I will still be sleepy after drinking two cups!
I love the strong coffee flavor of this for baking, and have been using it for nearly 20 years in my chocolate chip cookies and other recipes.<br /><br />It's also tasty to drink, For a portable mix, I'll use instant dry milk, this coffee, a bit of unsweetened cocoa and a bit of sweetener. Then just add boiling water and stir well to make a drinkable instant latte. It's not bitter or burnt tasting like some instant coffees can be.<br /><br />While it doesn't taste as good as a pulled shot of espresso, it's one of the best instant coffees I've ever tried. It's ability to mix well into baked goods ensure it's spot in my pantry.
I used to work at that well known coffee shop so I've become a bit of a coffee snob and I never drink instant, but if you are looking for a really robust instant coffee that dissolves in cold or hot water and goes great with a little chocolate syrup and cream you'll enjoy Medaglia d'Oro, I bought it during a run to the store for a few dollars cheaper than I can find it online, and much cheaper than a 3/4 lb bag they sell in the groceries stores.
I bought this because none of the instant coffee was strong enough for me and was tired of waiting in line at Starbucks. I tried it and couldn't believe it! I am so hooked on this product and hope that my local grocery store continues to stock it.
There's nothing like a cup of black (espresso) coffee to end a meal. I don't know why it's not on the super market shelves anymore. My favorite way of using it, however, is cold with plenty of ice on a hot summer's day.
This is a great product, but $21 for 2oz. Really? You can get it from other sellers or at the grocery store for $6-7. Show this price-gouger what the market will really bear!
The party I had you send this product to, is ENJOYING it immensley. He is unable to purchase this product in Arizona.Obviously, certain products are not available in his location and I was happy to help out. I want to thank you for your quick response in securing this request and I am sure he will look to order it in the future. Thank You...mario
I wanted to have an instant coffee for work.  I don't like the standard company coffee at work. I came across Medaglia D'Oro in a HEB store in Houston.  It just looks more interesting than coffee.  I was actually hoping it wouldn't be as strong as espresso but not as watered down as instant coffee. I am glad I bought it.  It has the same consistency at espresso but not as strong in taste.  I am probably using more water that what is suggested on the directions.  I work 3rd shift, so I think it is fitting the bill of keeping me awake!  True espresso drinkers may think it is kind of weak but it would do in a pinch.  I will use this for flavoring drinks & desserts also.
It was what I was looking for.  I had a hard time finding expresso instant coffee.  A little expensive but oh well.
I was camping up on the Mendicino coast and ran out of coffee. I stopped at a market in Gualala-cute sea coast town and bought a jar of this coffee-seemed expensive to me-until, I tasted it. Wow! its totally amazing! This is instant?? why use my coffee maker any more? Hard to find, though. I'll buy it on Amazon. Absolutely a gourmet treat.
I really love espresso. I cannot find it in the stores where I live so I have send for it.<br />Thank You,<br />Mary E Nevling
I love this item for cooking--it is especially good in brownies, cakes--and just a little bit in hot cocoa is wonderful.
This is strong coffee like the Italian espresso. A teaspoon in a cup is sufficient. Take care you don't boil the water, otherwise it will loses its flavor. The water should be between warm and hot. I use it black with a small lump of brown sugar. A real amateur will tell you that the use of any sugar is sacrilege. But what can I do? The flesh is weak.
I am a coffee snob, and this is absolutely a greatest easy way to have excellent coffee. Got really tired of grinding beans everyday, now I discovered this!! And I am Italian, so I should know!!
I spotted the brand while watching "Everyday Italian" on the Food Channel. I drink it alone, as well as, adding it to brownies to make expresso brownies. Wonderful!
Medaglia D'Oro has to be the worst coffee I've ever had. It had an old musty flavor and odor. You get what pay for.
I of course prefer freshly made espresso but sometimes instant is good in a pinch.  I travel around Europe extensively and there are several brands available there which aren't at all bad.  This brand is OK for using it as a coffee flavoring in custards, etc., but as a beverage, it rates rock bottom in my book.
Love this coffee, good flavor. The large quantity lasts longer then the smaller boxes so I don't have to order as frequently. It did ship quickly too :) I would order again!
these arrived very quickly & i was excited to see how the pups would like them.  i like that there are so many in the package.  i've always held in high regard anything rawhide & sweet potato so this was a no brainer....our pups love both!  these sticks are the best!  they incorporate chewing, gnawing, flavor & fun.  i definitely would buy these again.
Not quiet what I was expecting.  The cherries were dried and could not taste the brandy.  The dark chocolate was good but too crunchy.
Gravy could be a little thicker but the taste is great. The price isn't bad either. Makes great sailsbury steaks and stroganof.
Great stuff! Wonderful beef taste, very smooth. Could be a little thicker so more of it would stay on top of the potatoes, but very good, and worlds better than other packaged gravies.
This sauce has one of the best flavors I've ever tasted.  There's a good balance between spice and garlic.  It has decent heat and tastes good on a lot of things.  I'm not a big fan of most Habanero sauces due to the extra bitterness of the pepper but this sauce blends everything perfectly.
Roses Lime Juice has that lime flavor that the knock-offs do not have.  Roses has just the right amount of sugar so that it's not too sweet. Great for making any kind of gimlet...vodka, gin or even tequila (my favorite).  Since liquor is expensive don't settle for less than the "Original" !
I purchased this as a gamble, because there was NO product information listed, so I had no idea how much I was getting or exactly what was in it.  I was disappointed that the  "large" tin, was not all that large.  It was a round tin, approximately 4 inches tall, and maybe 7 or 8 inches across.  I was hoping that Large, especially for the price, would be one of the large and tall tins.  It's difficult to tell from the picture.  The product itself was good, but for the price, I was expecting more.  I'd probably buy from them again.
This is the best of the ready-made kinds.  In my experience, the powdered kinds are truly awful.  The other ready-made brands taste like pure yellow mustard. This one is made with horseradish and no real wasabi, but it works well with sushi.<br /><br />It also makes a great cocktail sauce for shrimp when mixed with plain old Ketchup and a pinch of Old Bay Seafood Seasoning.
This is the only way to eat sashimi. The customer service is just outstanding!!! Thank you so much! Will do business with them soon.
I am on a gluten free diet but even before I learned I was sensitive, I LOVED some of the WOW cookies. My two favorites are the ginger and the oatmeal which I would rate 5 star because both are fantastic! Who doesn't love chocolate chip  cookies....right? I know I always have but the texture and flavor of the WOW chocolate chip cookies is just ok in my opinion and my daughter and husband both agree although they are my granddaughter's favorite and I'm pretty sure if she was over 13 (she's 6) she would do her own review and it would be 5 star!
Honestly these cookies could have been better. I would buy them again if the shipping wasn't so ridiculous! I think it ended up being like 15 dollars for a few tiny cookies. What a ripoff.
These are the best gluten free cookies around. The Snicker doodles are also great! They are great to serve at parties or have for a snack. I wish they were a little cheaper, but they are worth it!
This cookies are so good. There very close to my grandmothers home baked cookies but gluten free. This cookies are soft which I like in chocolate chip cookies but might be a little chew for some people I think there GREAT. Very happy.
Cats are finicky animals and what one loves another won't touch - that is not a reflection on the food itself. I have two Burmese and their eating habits are very different. My local Pet Nutrition Center kindly gave me a sample of Prowl the other day and while my one cat absolutely loves it, the other won't touch it. That's why samples are nice. Both of my cats have been on Evo kibble, but this one cat who now loves the Prowl, has a habit of throwing up and I'm on the prowl myself for an alternative food that will help her keep food down. So far, no barf. She also laps it up as soon as I've added warm water - no waiting. I highly recommend you obtain a sample and let the cat decide, as the food is economical as well as healthy.
I feed prowl because it is a high quality healthy food that does not break my budget.  It is much cheaper than other premium wet foods (Wellness, Weruva, etc), and my cat seems to like it.  The only downside to prowl is that, since it is dehydrated, you must mix it with water and wait 10 minutes before serving.  My kitten meows at me the entire time.<br />I started my cat on Prowl because my vet offered a free sample. She ate it right away with no problems.  However, she'd only ever had "healthy" food, so I was not transitioning from an unhealthy grain filled (but addictively tasty) food.<br />It is very easy to digest and may be a solution for cats with digestion problems.  I recommend (like another reviewer) that you order a free sample and give it a try.
My dogs absolutely love this. I have been looking for a natural healthy food to store in my camper in case of emergency. Last year with all the wildfires I decided to load my camper as a quick bug out vehicle for me and my three dogs. I have been vacum sealing thier dry blue buffalo kibble but it takes up a lot of room. I read a review about this dehydrated dog food from a person takes thier dog camping all time and this was the perfect solution for them and decided to give it a try. My dogs let me know its supper time when I get home now because they are all about this food.
My dogs both loved this! It's easy to fix, and very healthy. I was already sold on the frozen raw diet for my dogs before trying this. One of my dogs has several food allergies. This was a healthy alternative suggested to me that I am very pleased with! I tried using hot water to speed up the process for my hungry dogs, and it worked extremely well! Definitely recommend this product!
She's not a particularly food-driven dog, so I've tried lots of organic/natural foods. One that she consistently loves is any kind of Addiction's raw dehydrated food. She can barely contain herself while it rehydrates a bit. So much so, that I've started using hot water to speed the process along; otherwise, it's just such drama while she waits for it. This dehydrated option takes up so little room compared to dealing with clunky cans, and as long as she's happy, I'm happy. I try a different flavor everytime I order just to keep her interested. So far, so good!
I've always wanted to go to a raw diet for my Cairn but in its frozen form it took up too much room in our RV fridge/freezer as we travel/camp a lot!  A friend recently told me about Addiction and this is the answer for us - takes up little space in our cupboard and provides a healthy diet, along with a mixture of Wysong Epigen kibble, and fresh fruits and vegetables that our Cairn loves; he's a very happy camper!  The cats at home love it, too!  We've only tried Brushtail but get the Venison treats for variety.  I'm sure we'll try the others, too, for a change up from time to time - (done in moderation and over a period of time so as not to upset the tummies!)!!!!
Note that I'm not recommending you feed your cat dog food on any kind of regular basis: the two types of animals generally need different kinds of foods and nutrients. However, at the time I was having trouble finding cat-specific dehydrated food that I thought my cats would tolerate, and this was the one dehydrated food I found that included a high amount of protein *and* specifically mentioned taurine on the label, which cats need, so I decided to use it temporarily. The cats absolutely adore it. I've since found a cat-specific flavor from the same company, but I'll probably use a little of this now and then as variety.<br /><br />The cats' coats look and feel shiny and healthy, and they definitely vomit less than when fed more mainstream foods. I also mixed it with some straight ground raw meat/organs/bone to make sure they were getting plenty of meat. The wild brushtail certainly seems to agree with them as a protein source, and there are precious few protein sources that don't make them sick (I'm limited to chicken, turkey, rabbit, and a small amount of fish usually). Because the brushtail is wild it isn't grain fed, and thus should have plenty of the right nutrients. Also, according to the company, it's an overpopulated nuisance pest, so this is a responsible way to help conserve the forests brushtail devour and the animals that live there. What's not to love?
I started out by purchasing the 4 oz trial package of Summer Brushtail and my little girl absolutely LOVED it!!  Now I am getting the larger package so we don't run out.  My Chinese Crested suffers allergies to poultry and grains and was pretty much limited to a red meat diet.  Since she is a hairless variety she was on a red meat formula coated in herring oil for her skin.  The herring left her with fish breath all the time.  This is a great alternative to the fish because the richness in omega 3 and 6 fatty acids and no more fish breath!!  Since she has been on this her skin quality is much better.  This is also great to mix with kibble if you have a picky little eater like I do, just mix a tbsp up in the kibble and you end up with a happy plate every time.
This is really the best decaf I have tried... It is hard to find any better than the italian decafs like this one or Illy. Unless of course you are the average local coffee drinker used to embarassments like Folgers or accustomized to all the overburned and stinking like charcoal brands named for an unknown reason French Roast, Italian Roast etc... (believe me, they have nothing to do with French or Italian coffee). Not to mention the local decafs which taste more like tea made out of burned wood shavings...
I normally drink Lavazza Rossa expresso (made in a French Press), but in attempt to cut down on my caffeine intake I have weaned my self to decaf.  while other decaf coffee has given me heartburn or just tasted awful, this Lavazza hit the spot.  While it is not quite as rich as the Rossa, it is still has plenty of rich chocolatey flavor, is beautifully smooth and not at all bitter.  The only downside I have is the price tag and the need to buy it buy the can (rather than the vacuum packet).  Its a full $3 more than I pay for the same amount of Rossa.  It is by far the best decaf that I have ever drunk.
I've looked everywhere for a decaf espresso for my DeLonghi EC355. Tried coffee from the grocery store but the decaf was never espresso grind, ordered Newman's decaf espresso grind on-line and it wasn't that great. Not good flavor for espresso, and just OK for cappuccino. I tried this on a whim because of the price and the super saver shipping here on Amazon and I was floored with my frist cup! It's rich, it has flavor, the crema is excellent! I have signed up for the auto shipment of this and couldn't be happier. I can finally have excellent Italian coffee and I don't even have to leave home OR go to Italy to find it.
Finally a GREAT decaf. It has a really wonderful and complete flavor- not like a lot of the decafs on the market that are just missing the kick. I use a Jura Capresso super automatic to make my espresso- it works lovely in the bypass funnel on this machine (since it is pre-ground). The flavor stands up nice to milk for capuccinos and lattes. This is my every day decaf espresso. I haven't found anything better and I've tried a lot. The Illy decaf is comperable in flavor/ quality but at about double the price the Illy just isn't worth it.
Lavazza decaf espresso was the best tasting of the 6 leading brands I tried in my Gaggia Classic machine, and this 4-pack was the least expensive per can that I found on the internet. The grind is not quite fine enough but 3 sec in a cheap non-burr grinder produced the correct degree of fineness for a mouse's tail and perfect crema.
We love this coffee alone or mixed with caffeinated coffee. Our preference is for dark strong coffee, and this is both.
This is excellent espresso and works great in my DeLonghi EC155.  In a side-by-side taste test, I can barely discern any difference between this and the Lavazza inBlu variety.  Both have lovely crema, aroma and flavor.  I have been drinking a LOT of espresso lately and this excellent decaf allows me to do so without being jittery or losing sleep.<br /><br />If you are new to making espresso, save yourself some stress and start with this.  One of the keys to gaining proficiency is reducing the variables.  Yes, grinding beans yourself will get you slightly fresher espresso, but when there are problems what do you need to fix?  The grind?  The roast?  Your tamping?  The espresso maker?  Once you are proficient with this excellent expertly ground espresso, you will be in a much better position to experiment with grinding your own.
This is great coffee, you cannot tell that it is decaf.  The flavor is just perfect, well balanced, not burned like Starbucks and makes good crema.  Works nicely with my Jura espresso-cappuccino machine.  I bought two four-packs already and going through my 6th jar at the moment.
I've been using this coffee for several years and I am quite satisfied.  For a decaf, it is rich and satisfying, a robust taste for the early morning.  One of the best decaf coffees I've tasted.
When it comes to flavors in a good cup of espresso coffee, it is all in the way how the beans are roasted.  The robust flavor of this coffee should make the most desiring espresso lovers proud. And it has a little secret, which most of us Italians wouldn't admit in public, it is decaffeinated.  Wow, a double whammy.  I've been using this coffee for several years now and no other decaf pre-ground coffee comes close.
This is simply the best decaf for making espresso money can buy. At a fraction of the cost, this coffee beats everything else out there, including Illy. Try also the regular variety and "crema e gusto". They are all well worth the money. Note: this coffee should be used only for making espresso. Of course, you have to know what you are doing as well.
I thought I didn't care for decaf espresso since it always had a bitter flavor that ranged from a moderate undertone to an overwhelming bite. I enjoy strong-flavored coffee, but bitter coffee is another story.<br /><br />Well, it turns out that I was just drinking the wrong stuff. Lavazza decaf is absolutely delightful. Strong, full-bodied, but no bitterness. Nice crema, smooth and rich. Really hits the spot!<br /><br />It does, however, have a bit more caffeine than other decafs. Not much, but I can feel it a bit (I'm very sensitive to caffeine - if you're not, you probably won't notice it). Not enough that it causes a problem. But even if it did, I'd probably still drink this - it's that good!<br /><br />Highly recommend.
I would prefer to drink the regular Lavazza all the time,  but when I cannot handle the caffeine I use this.  It is a very good coffee.
My hubby & I love Lavazza, our absolute fave! This decaf espresso is just as good as the regular. I can now have it every day, again, without worrying about my BP going up. Amazon, you are awesome! From the time I placed my order, it only took 4 days for me to receive it. Subscribe & Save is a great service, too. I will remain a loyal customer for life!
I usually order Bustelo Decaffeinated coffee and I am used to the taste being the same as regular espresso. I tried this Lavazza decaf espresso and I am extremely disappointed. It's really obvious when you taste it that it is decaffeinated and tastes like it is processed. I ordered the 4-pack and would really like to send back the three that I haven't opened yet if I can do that...
I know nothing about this CO2 method of decaffeinating but thought I would give this a try. I usually buy the Swiss water processed. This had a wonderful chocolatey taste. It also claimed to be 99.9% caffein free. Hopefully this is all true because it really is the best I have tried of decaf.
Excellent quality product which reminds me of Italy... without the caffeine.  Perfect for after dinner without the effects of too much caffeine.
I've always enjoyed the decaf at a little Italian restaurant in our downtown area.  I noticed that their affiliated deli sold LavAzza and I asked if that is what they brewed for the restaurant and was told yes.  I immediately went to Amazon and ordered and I am not sorry.  What a great price for an excellent cup of coffee!  Now I get the restaurant flavor without spending the restaurant price!
Very smooth and rewarding to have a decaff that does not bite the taste buds. Simply an enjoyable coffee. dz
This espresso is delicious.  It's strong, but not too strong, and full-bodied and it's terrific for making cappuccino.  This brand is probably my favorite.
This decaf is OK.  It is a Medium Roast, not a dark roast (says it on the can, but not in the description here).  Also, unlike another reviewer, I think that it is ground very fine.
I have tried many of the Lavazza blends as I MUST have my morning cappuccino and can't be without a good espresso blend.  My hubby only drinks decaf and we have found this blend to be just as good as the regular blend Lavazza.  Many times I blend it 1/2 and 1/2 for a late day pick-me-up.  Wouldn't be without it.
I am not an espresso snob. I may roast my own beans for drip coffee, but when I'm making espresso it's generally going in a bunch of milk and syrups.<br /><br />I purchased the Lavazza because I was out of the Alessi decaf I'd purchased at the store and the Lavazza was a good deal. For my purposes, this is completely adequate and does a fine job. At the same time I placed this order, I also ordered some Lavazza non-decaf espresso, which frankly doesn't seem to be as good as the Illy I've been using. For half the price, though, I can probably suffer through the decreased quality.<br /><br />If you're drinking it straight, probably not a good choice. If you're mixing it, it's more than adequate.
I recently visited Paris and when I came back to the States I couldn't drink the coffee. So I found a French website that had some great brands but it cost and arm and a leg to send them here. LavAzza was one of the Italian coffees on the French website and I found it here on Amazon!! So now I can have excellent espresso for a decent price!!! Thank you Amazon!!!
I just used this to make myself an espresso and it was one of the best tastes of coffee that I've ever had.  I was absolutely surprised but it was sooo good.  I can't wait until the morning so I can have another cup (or two).  Yum!
I buy Lavazza regular espresso in the black can pretty regularly, as I consider it the smoothest tasting of all in the supermarket.<br />This decaf in the green can is just as good, but lacks the kick of caffeine.<br /><br />One reviewer loves Bustelo; well it's a matter of taste. I found Bustelo to be harsh and unpleasant.<br />C'est la vie.
This is the coffee that our friends, who are originally from Italy, use every day.  They highly recommend it.  They also use  Lavazza Crema e Aroma Coffee Beans, 2.2-Pound Bag.  I have had both of these at their house and both kinds are excellent.  We get it using the Subscription  option which gives you a great discount AND free shipping.
I looked all over town and could't find any decaf expresso.  Fortunately, Amazon provided me with the Lavazza alternative, and it was a tasty and welcome experience.  The can is pop top, so no cut fingers.  The product is tasty.  It's a win-win situation.  I highly recommend Lavazza Decaffeinated ground coffee.
We've only used this once, but it kept us awake most of the night.  We were surprised because it's decaf, but we couldn't sleep for hours after going to bed.  Tastes good, though.
I was hopeful, but left unsatisfied. The color of the bean grounds says it all; a light brown not the typical dark brown to black of real espresso, even decaf. Taste is weak and odd, not rich and solid. Certainly not worth the extra $$. Recommend Cafe Bustelo instead.
Before I ordered this coffee, I read reviews both here at Amazon and on other sites.  I used reviewers comments to base my decision to purchase it.  I am a lover of Starbucks Espresso Decaf coffee.  I have my own Breville espresso machine at home.  I have been using Starbucks for years.  My Lavazzo coffee arrived and I was eager to give it a try.  I opened the tin to find brown coffee - while I already knew I would be disappointed because I already know I prefer Black coffee beans to brown. While it pulled a decent looking cup, I put it to my mouth only to find it did not match my tastebuds. One sip was all it took for me to hand it off to my husband.  So. My verdict here is, if you are like me and enjoy only black bean coffee DO NOT buy this product.  If you prefer brown bean coffee, give it a go.
t may be expresso grind, but if you are expecting lovely dark aromatic coffee for your espresso maker: think again. Bitter when drunk on own. Marginally better when combined with milk in cappuchino. I shoulda known betta!
The Jelly Belly people actually put real licorice in these jelly beans. There is usually only one of the licorice beans in a bag of assorted beans, so if you love licorice, you can buy them solo. These are authentic tasting and really good. You can't beat Jelly Belly for flavor.
I have met the creator/inventor of the Jelly Belly and I can report with full confidence, that this is one tasty Licorice Jelly Bean.  A Jelly Belly is smaller than Jelly Beans and that is why Ronald Reagan liked them so much.  My personal favorite flavor is Licorice.  5 STARS!
These jelly beans were very unusual when they showed up.  They came in a package without a jelly belly logo, the jelly beans themselves had no jelly belly logo, and I don't really know if they were actually jelly bellys.  I got them as a gift, so I didn't try any of them, but it was odd giving a gift where it didn't seem like they were anything special, like I'd bagged up some licorice jelly beans from the grocery store or something, big woop...so I was disappointed.  And because they were a gift I had no idea what they tasted like.  So were they really jelly bellys?  Who knows?  I felt silly giving them though.
Just because I sent an order of these jelly beans<br />to my oldest son in Roswell, Georgia.  He travels<br />a lot and enjoys a snack while he is driving and<br />he loves licorice jelly beans.<br /><br />This would make a nice gift for any special person<br />in your life.
I have 3 children under the age of 8 and work fulltime, so we are always on the go.  The Happymorning product line has helped us immensely, not just in the mornings, but for afternoon snacks as well.  It is an easy way for my kids to grab a healthy snack while completing homework before we rush out the door to afternoon practices.  It is also an easy snack to toss in their lunchboxes and I do not have to worry about what they are eating while at school because they are not going to trade away their favorite snack! The Super Banana in particular is my childrens' favorite - they often fight over the last one!
Baby loves this flavor and great because all organic and no crap in it. I give this to her breakfast lunch or dinner, not just for morning.
These treats are perfect for my little dog.  I tried the assorted flavors, and it was too much for his sensitive stomach.  The plan treats are perfect.  He's only 10-11 lbs, so these small treats are just right for his size.  I used to run out before I'd remember to buy more, so I am doing Amazon's subscribe and save.  No more worries about running out.
My tiny Maltese loves these biscuts.He is always ready for his cookie.He goes to the place I keep them in and stands there looking at the door untill he gets 2 of them.They are easy for his small mouth to chew and he loves them.I tried the flavored ones but he did not like them as much as these and I didn't like them either because of the colors.Amazon why did you take these off Subscribe and Save? My furbaby is not happy about that,nor am I! Please put these back on Subscribe and Save.
my dog loves these small biscuits plain. she loves playing with them and then eating them. i tried the fancy flavored ones and she seemed to not really care for those. then i bought some more of the plain small biscuits and she was happy again. they help keep the teeth clean and to freshen the breath. they have 12 minerals and vitamins. they add some variety to her diet. i am very happy with this product.
My package was mailed out 1st and received on the 3rd in perfect condition. The tap fit the BIB with no trouble or leaks and is very easy to operate. I had a few questions; I emailed and received answers fast by the owner. The 1 gallon box of syrup is much smaller than I thought it would be, about the size of a medium cheese cake box. What I do is drain syrup into a washed out Sodastream container and store it in the fridge. The Sodastream syrup cap has 3 circles in it, bottom, second and top. The top circle is 2 oz. so you would fill it to that 3 times just remember after carbonating you water you remove 4 oz of water or the 1 liter bottle will over flow when adding the 6 oz. of syrup. 1 gallon BIBs are a good way to test if this is right for you before paying high price for the 5 gallon BIBs.
It is not cheap... probably a little overpriced... but very high quality ingredients. NO meat by products
Vendor shipped promptly and the product arrived in excellent condition. This is an extremely well made product containing no grain fillers. I had to purchase the entire case, not knowing if my feline diners would even like it. It would have been nice if the vendor would allow sample purchases of select varieties rather than an entire case.
I would not buy this particular Yogi Tea again because I hate the taste of licorice/anise.  The flavor of the licorice and fennel seed is very dominant, making it a sort of sickly sweet flavor which wasn't what I was hoping for with my burning throat.  I think a better blend would be something with more "heat" like ginger, which is why I usually drink Yogi's Cold Season instead, for the same purpose.<br /><br />With a sore throat, its reasonable to suffer through a yucky flavor if it makes a discernible difference but this tea didn't do that.
Oats, for those who may not know, are a grain with a size and shape like barley or 'fat rice'. There are three basic ways that the oat groats are prepared: rolled, steel cut, and ground. In the US, rolled oats are the predominant form and are the type found in the Quaker Oats box or granola. Steel cut oats are associated with Ireland and are basically oats that have been chopped into even sized pieces. Ground oats, associated with Scotland, are just that - ground into relatively fine pieces. These crackers are made with ground oats, olive oil, wheat flour, wheat bran, skim milk solids, salt, and baking soda. Note that there is no sugar and that salt is listed at the end. These are not the kind of cracker that you eat plain (although I enjoy them that way), but instead are designed to be used as a base for a canape, or served with a bit of jam if you want sweetness. These are simple oat cakes that may not appeal to the American taste buds accustomed to sweet, flavored, salty crackers. They are delicious and wholesome and make a good snack.
In general I like Walker's products. I tried to avoid ordering cookies this year and try the oatcakes. They aren't very good. The flavor is very mild wheat (maybe like a triscuit?), but the texture is off-putting. They are chewy and make me think of eating cardboard. I tried them with soup, with cheese, and with peanut butter. They were tolerable with peanut butter. Maybe someone else has discovered a better way to eat them?
I was thinking of purchasing these Oakcakes.  However, in reading the ingredients, I don't see Oats listed. Are these Oakcakes without Oats?<br /><br />Wheat Flour, Vegetable Oils, Sugar, Wheat Bran, Invert Sugar Syrups, Salt, Skimmed Milk Powder, Raising Agent
This is the only way to fry fish.  If you start cooking with your fire too high, the fish will not get those annoying burn marks.  The fish fries evenly, a nice golden brown.  It adheres to the fish well and does not come off when flipping to the other side.  It tastes good.  I add a pinch of old bay seasoning and a pinch of sugar, shake up the mixture and then add the fish and shake again.  We have been using this stuff for years and I make perfect fish every time.
In spite of this product being named "Cajun Style," please don't worry about it being too "hot."  It has just the right amount of flavor; not too overpowering and not too bland.  I fried some whiting with it and a family friend said it was the best fish he ever tasted.<br /><br />A suggestion for those who like really crispy fish is to combine the product with corn meal before frying.  I use a 50/50 ratio.<br /><br />Buying it this way from Amazon is a money-saver because of the free shipping and Amazon's great price.  I saved about $1.25 a box (compared to buying it from the supermarket).  Also, having it shipped to me is much more convenient.<br /><br />I fully recommend Golden Dipt Cajun Fish Fry Mix.  I believe you'll be pleased buying it from Amazon.
I ordered this for my birthday. I got birthday money from family, and I ordered a couple of goodies, perfume, and this cocoa.  I love hot chocolate, and I'm always looking for new ones to try.  Based on the first review I decided to go ahead and order.  I will probably not reorder.  Mixed by itself into hot water it seems to lack thickness.  It also has too much of an artificial raspberry taste.  I like Hershey's Bliss Raspberry Chocolate much better.  I've been adding one spoonful of the Cobblestone Kitchen to my regular cocoa to give it a raspberry boost.  But, by itself, it does not stand up to the test. I plan on finishing the three remaining cans over time by using it as a stir in additive to other cocoa.
Cobblestone Kitchen's Irish Creme Hot Cocoa mix has got to be the most luxurious tasting cocoa on the market.  We originally bought this cocoa to use as a base for Frappuccinnos but quickly decided it was way to good to waste in a mix.  The flavor is rich and smooth.  We have made it a part of our winding down for bed time procedure - a couple of cups together and just relax.<br /><br />Cobblestone Kitchen refers to the cocoas as "Delicious and Decadent"  and they are being extremely modest.
After several less successful stews with curry powder, I turned to this curry sauce mix.<br />It is incredibly easy to get delicious curry stew with simple food stuffs, only with my basic cooking skills while imitating the way of cooking curry in animes.<br />Though it is my philosophy that good cuisine should be made from scratch, but his time I just surrendered to its convenience to get exactly the taste I want with such a simple process.<br />One small problem is that it is too mild for me though it is labeled medium hot.
My first time having Curry Rice.<br /><br />But boy, I cooked this stuff exactly how you're supposed to.<br /><br />Taste...wasn't bad, I guess, a little "Strong" though.<br /><br />IT was thick, like ice slush...it was over-bearing and the spice was pretty intense.<br /><br />I don't think I'll get it again...I guess it's good stuff, seen it in some curry making videos...used often, but...not for me, as it it is way to thick.<br /><br />I had potatoes, onions, and pork prepared to perfection mixed with it...and I could not taste them, at all. I could not taste the pork, or anything. Only the Sauce.
We tried this formula because it is lactose free, my baby does not have any other issues, just lactose intolerant.<br />We found that it smells bad, does not mix well into water and my baby would not drink a drop.
My baby hasn't died yet.<br /><br />If your baby has food allergies and your doctor prescribes this stuff... and you love your baby, it's certainly worth every penny. As expected, my daughter is still alive and she's doing well.
These are the best chocolate chips I've ever tasted in my life.  Yes, they are pricey but it doesn't matter because they last forever and you use about half the amount of the regular ones due to the richness of them.  So so so good.  If you love chocolate, you will love these chips.
...but they were very tasty. They arrived a bit soft, which was fine, as it is warmer out. I opened the first one and was surprised by how good it was. Usually I am less than impressed with sugar free products. But these hit the spot...for five minutes. Then, I was craving another piece. Second one was just as good. Third and fourth followed pretty quickly as well. If you like your caramels super chewy and soft, then you don't need to refrigerate these. I didn't refrigerate the first four pieces. The second four, I stuck them in the fridge overnight. The next morning, I had one as a pre-coffee snack. I couldn't have just one at a time and I ate my second one soon after. The refrigerated ones were just as good, if you like your caramels a little harder. Unfortunately, since I scarfed down this bag so fast, my stomach is not happy with me. And I am unhappy as I have no more caramels. If you are craving caramels, don't want the sugar, don't mind the maltitol effects, and can be content with one caramel a day, then these are for you.
Judy's makes the best sugar free candy available.  So many sugar free candies are overloaded with aspertane, and that has its side and after effects.  These don't.
We found these sugar-free caramels to be luxuriously delicious! a pinch of sea salt heightenes the buttery sweet flavor.<br />Price is a little high but worth it for the quality!
The quality of this tea is 5 star-it is in sealed bags. We're trying it out to see if helps our nails & skin.
The 12 pack is a great gift idea because Omaha Steaks packages them in two boxes of 6.  This makes it cheaper than the 6 pack if you are buying more than one quantity.  Omaha is always fast at shipping too.  Though I've had other Omaha Steaks products, I have only purchased these as gifts, so I can't comment on taste.
These steaks came out really good, but the bacon doesn't have much flavor and doesn't seem to add to the steaks.  The size of the steaks are perfect though and I would recommend it unless you are looking for a lot of bacon flavor.
After purchasing these steaks for myself. I found then to be so easy to store and very tasty when BBQ'd. I decided to share them with my family and friends as gifts, they just loved them.
Good idea but the company should use a better soil compound.  Maybe darker.  It's hard to tell if the soil is wet or dry.  Present compound blows away when I water it.  Finally sprouted and I'll transpant to a regular top soil when it grows more.  At least with soil, you can tell when it's dry.  Right now, I will give it small amounts of water weekly until that happens.  Very disappointed with this product.
My grandchildren LOVE the sour gummy vitamins. They really liked the sour gummy worms by Rhino, but alas, I can't find them. These were a good second choice. The big problem is keeping them from eating more than 2!
I was glad to know that amazon has this product in their groceries section.<br />Though the shipping was individually priced, don't know whether there was any option to pack the glass jars.<br />Anyway, I liked the fast service.
From taste to texture, Bionaturae makes the best pasta I have ever eaten. I will never buy cheap grocery store brand pasta again.
We have a little Maltese that we spoil to no end.  These treats are the perfect size for him and he loves them.<br /><br />He can be a little picky.  Among his daily treats are Greenies and since we found these on Amazon, Zuke's Jerky Naturals.  I will say that we tried two different kinds.  Along with these, we tried the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000MLKXOU">Wellness WellBites Chicken and Venison Recipe Dog Treats, 8-Ounce Pouch</a>.<br /><br />The Zuke's are really potent.  When you open the bag, you catch a big whiff of how strong they are.  They're probably real flavorful because of it (I didn't try one).  The Wellness treats seem a little dryer.  While our little guy likes both of the treats, the Zuke's win over the Wellness.  Plus they're cheaper so that's even better.  He can't get enough of them.<br /><br />We also tried the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MWRT18">Zuke's Z-Ridge Mini - Carrot Fresh Breath Dental Chew Bones, 15 Count Pouch</a> made by Zuke's.  He doesn't like those as much as the Greenies.<br /><br />I would say that this product is one of the best we found for our dog.  Plus we were able to take advantage of the free super saver shipping as well.  These are highly recommended.<br /><br />[Edit: August 14, 2011]<br /><br />He still loves them!<br /><br />We've had to start giving our little guy Remedel for a little shoulder injury he had.  These Zukes make it real easy to give him the pill.  Since they're moist, we just put the pill inside and press it all around the pill.  That way he doesn't even know he's taking it.  Trying to give him pills with the Wellness treats doesn't work so well since they're dryer.<br /><br />[Edit: September 29, 2012]<br /><br />Anyone else notice that they seem different??  The last couple packs we bought were dryer and brittle.  They also weren't as potent as the other ones were.  He doesn't seem to like them as much any more.  I don't know if the bags we bought were partially opened so they dried out by the time the were delivered or if their recipe changed.  I'll buy some more and see how they turn out.  A little disappointed...
I have a geriatric mini poodle.  He can't chew biscuits or rawhide textures,but these treats are soft enough and still provide some workout for his gums and remaining teeth.<br />I appreciate the fact that the ingredients are domestic and it is manufactured in the US.
My golden retriever loves them. You can chop them into squares if you want smaller treats.
These are not the tough, durable jerky that I was expecting, but small, soft, chewy squares.  They break up easily into tiny BB sized balls (maybe 12 per square) and my puppies will do ANYTHING for them! Best dang training aide on the market!
My dog loves the how these treats smell and taste - they are special treats for her. They're healthy, mildly chewy, low calorie treats so it's perfect. They are a good compliment to her regular chicken jerky treats (from Canyon Creek Ranch.)<br />I usually divide each into 2 or 4 pieces while training.
My Murphy (soft-coated wheaten terrier) loves these treats.  They are his "special" treat that brings him back in a heated run when we call him!
Our dogs love these healthy treats. I like them because they have no wheat, corn or soy in them. The soft squares make a nice sized treat for our little girls. Notice that the first ingredient is lamb, an uncommon luxury for a dog treat.
I bought two bags of these, thinking it was the same product that I used to buy in different packaging (light blue, with a see-through dog shape against a grass green background). Unfortunately, it was completely not the same thing! These treats were actually like jerky-- tough and brittle. I give my dog soft treats because he doesn't chew the damn things, and he choked on these horrible things; I had to toss them out.<br /><br />Note that the "Zuke's Jerky Naturals" with the other packaging (http://www.amazon.com/Zukes-Jerky-Naturals-Beef/dp/B00008DFPY) have always been moist and soft, and I've never had a problem with those. I suspect that this batch was not new packaging, as I had thought, but very old packaging; these may be the same treats I usually feed my dog, just having sat on a shelf for years. In any case, these were COMPLETELY different treats, and not safe to feed my dog.
I'm constantly looking for healthy dog treats that are not crazy expensive.  These are one of the better deals I could find when considering cost/ounce.  My Lab absolutely loves them and they are good for him too.  The treats are soft and moist, which is a plus for my dog.  They could easily be broken into smaller pieces, but I generally just give my dog a whole one when he does something good.  I wouldn't keep them in my pocket because they do smell a bit.  It's not an overly offensive smell, but strong enough that you don't want to carry it around with you all day.<br /><br />I definitely recommend these for all dogs.
These treats are one of my dog's favorites! I like this company, they make a lot of great treats, and the ingredients are from the U.S.
We normally don't buy expensive treats (tend to stick to dry biscuits), but we got these for all of the family dogs as stocking stuffers for Christmas. They were a huge hit! Our dog is willing to do anything imaginable to get one of these. My boyfriend's mom, who totally spoils her Portie, hadn't seen these before, and her dog loved these like crazy as well, so she went out bought a bunch more when they ran out. Also, they're natural and there are no shady ingredients, so they are good for your pooch!<br /><br />Just to clarify, these don't actually have the consistency of jerky. They are little squares of what looks like pressed meat product. Clearly, our dogs do not care and consume these with great enthusiasm, so still very highly recommended!
These treats are excellent. I have a chihuahua who has done obedience training and is now in agility training. I use the treats to aid with his training as they are easy to break into small pieces yet big enough for me to carry in my pocket and grab easily.<br /><br />They have NEVER made him sick no matter how many he eats during a training session and he goes absolutely NUTS when he hears me open the bag.<br /><br />I've purchased the smaller sized treats by Zukes, but they seem to be harder and are too big to offer a small dog as a treat, yet too difficult to split into smaller pieces. So, I find the square shaped ones to be much easier to use for training.<br /><br />They CAN get hard if the bag is left open so you need to make sure to close the bag immediately. I read another poster mention that putting a damp paper towel in the bag will restore the moisture to the treats, so I'll have to try that if I forget to close a bag, which happens.<br /><br />Overall a healthy and practical treat! I'm really glad I found these.
Ernie, my pooch, LOVES these treats.  He'll do trick or command just to get his Zuke!<br />Seriously, these things will make your dog do anything....so, buy two bags!
Great product, I am new to the brand but have fallen in love with these products. Not as soft as one reviewer states to replace a pill pocket. Very hard to findbin stores, so the best place to buy is here.
My dog is very picky, to say the least. He's super cute, but is very picky about treats. He won't eat any biscuits, doesn't like most fake "meat" treats, and won't eat bacon. Because of this, he has hurt many an eager pet shop employee's feelings. However, he LOVES these treats. We just adopted him from the shelter, and his previous owners didn't teach him much. These treats are making training so much easier. He'll do almost anything for them.<br /><br />They're pretty big, so you can rip them up into much smaller pieces. They will dry out if you leave the package open, so they have to be sealed each time.<br /><br />I know I'm echoing most of the other reviews when I say this, but these are fantastic treats.
My dog loves these treats in all varieties.  They are easy to break in half as well.  The resealable bag is a plus.
If your dog likes Naked bars then this is the same consistency. It's hard and sometimes my dog will eat it sometimetimes he'll just leave it. It's quite hard.
Great! I have a dog who is very allergic to lots of stuff and this is safe for him because of no grain corn wheat etc....  the dogs love the taste  I use them for training<br />...
This is a good product with great price.  I received the treat and was very pleased with the product and package.
My dog is a service dog and she is kind of out in the woods lots so this is a very good training tool and treat Plus I can share them with other dog's if I see fit
My dog lives for these treats!  Can't wait to see us leave in the morning when I give him a few.
The Lamb Jerky soft treats are the first product we tried from Zuke's.  They were a big hit and continue to be one of my little schnoodle's favorite treats.<br />Soft jerky squares (approx 1") can easily be split into 3-4 pieces.  We use them for her training/play sessions and she seems to especially love it when the reward is the Zuke's soft lamb jerky.<br />Although she performs just as eagerly when the reward is the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00292BM7C">Zuke's 16-Ounce Mini Bakes Dog Treats, Peanut Butter n' Blueberryz</a> or the Zuke's Mini Bakes Chicken n' Cherry.  So I guess we're stickin' with Zuke's.
I try to stick to all natural products in my household.  That goes double for my dog.  she is a super mutt with a strong stomach, but that doesn't mean I want to take any chances.  these seem like quality treats and she really enjoys them. I have purchased several flavors and she loves them all.  will definitely buy them again.
We have two cats and four dogs. The cats seemed to like this treat but the dogs turned up their noses at it. One of them, a Chiweenee, eats just about everything and he would not touch it. He tried it and left it laying on the floor.
They smell rather smokey, so I wasn't sure my dogs would like them.  They are rather particular.  But they love them.  Just re-ordered more!
My Boston terrier loves these!  They are great Kong toy fillers.  Besides being tasty, they are made in America... and they are nourishing.  Highly recommend!
My dog loves Zuke's treats and this one is no acceptation. He did not like them as much as the chicken but they still keep his interest. I will be cutting them up to use at puppy class. Zukes are the only thing other than hotdogs that will get his attention.
I use this to train my dog and while he is a picky snacker, he usually likes these. They go a longer way too since I break them into pieces.
My 4 month old puppy loves these, and has even learned how to "go to bed" in order to get his paws on one! Zuke's is quite a consistent brand, and our pup loves everything we have bought by this company so far. My husband and I like knowing we're giving him a tasty treat that's also natural and is made in America. Amazon usually has these for a little bit cheaper than most of the pet stores in our area, which is also nice!
Buster is a recovering shelter dog, and a little picky in his eating sometimes. I've tried a lot of food/treats, and some things he won't eat at all or is allergic to. (Note: he has no problems with steak that I've seen, lol)<br /><br />The Zuke's line of products are now his favorites; I've tried several items in the Zuke's line, and he loves all of them. The Jerky Naturals Lamb has a strong smell, (thus a strong flavor too, I guess) and he really goes for that.<br /><br />USA made too, so all in all, highly recommended!
I am impressed with the quality of these dog treats.  Amazon seems to sell these treats for the best price and I will continue to order these in the future.  My dog really likes the lamb variety and they smell very good.  I reccommend these to any animal lover!
Our 3 month old puppy loves these! She would do anything to get one. I love the ingredients, and knowing that I'm giving my dog something good for her. we've had the bag for a few days now and they're still as soft as ever, which is great. These treats do kinds smell...but that should mean they're delicious to a dog right? :)
These are great treats!, love that these are all natural!  Plus my puppy loves the size of them easy for him to eat
This is very good dog treat. Our Chihauhua loves them. It is her favorite. They are semisoft,so the older dogs with few teeth can enjoy them.
Our two dogs just love these treats.  One old and one younger but both are active.  The older dog's teeth aren't the best. These treats are easy for him to chew.  It seems like the younger one swallows them whole he's so eager to get them!  Oh, and watch your fingers too:)
Dogs love 'em!!  I mix the treats in their dog food and they wolf it down within a minute.
What more can I ask for? Great ingredients and my dog loves these. She'll do back flips for em.. very good. great price too.
These treats are probably the healthiest treat I've ever given my dogs! They smell so good I actually want to try them (but haven't done it.....yet!). My 3 dogs absolutely love them.
These treats are all natural so I feel good about rewarding my one year old yellow labrador, and she appears to really enjoy the size and the texture as well as the taste of ZUKE'S.
My 2 doxies have liked everything that Zukes makes...however, I think the lamb jerky is their favorite...nice and smelly, just what a dog wants.
Labs aren't known to be picky eaters (gross understatement, I know) but wow, these Zuke's are at the top of their "we'll do anything, just please can we have one" list.  No toxic stuff in them, either.
My Miniature Schnauzer just loves these treats! That's the best review I can give doggy treats.
I had a really picky dog who refuses any kind of biscuit type treat offered to him.  He eats some soft treats and loves these.
My minature schnauzer loves these treats!  I sometimes get the mini treats in chicken so I can give him a few throughout the day or on walks - I do not want him to get overweight since he is a small boy.  I would highly recommend them:)
My dog loves these snacks and they don't have artificial ingredients.<br /><br />They come in a resealable bag which is good - they do get a bit hard if they are not kept sealed up.
Our Bischon Loves these treats, so does our cat! And we love that they have fresh fruits and veggies in them! Yeah!
My dog will do just about anything for this treat. Also, each treat can be cut easily into for small pieces for training. Ingredients listed are good quality. I had no ill effects from giving to my dog. Beef was the flavor I purchased this time
My Min Pin, Snickers seems to enjoy the heck out of these small treats. They are the perfect size for his tiny little mouth. Thank you.
We started off our dog with Zuke's Mini treats as puppy rewards. Now that she is bigger, she needs more. These natural treats fit easily inside her kong toys and in the middle of her everlasting treat balls and give her something different. We recommend Zuke's to everyone. My dogs love them and they are made without corn fillers or by-products, which are 2 things I check for when purchasing any treats.
These treats went over really well with our three dogs. They're about 1 inch square pieces, so they're a good size for our larger dogs. I also really like that they have high quality ingredients and don't give our dogs the smellies like Milkbones do.
My dogs go crazy when they smell these.  They are great for training too.  I put them in their kong toys also and that keeps them busy for a while.
Well my dog seems to like these very much.  Let's see if someone can offer free shipping on these.
It's difficult to tell from the pictures and the description, but these aren't really jerky (dried strips of meat) but are smallish, moist, chewy treats made from meat and other ingredients - I suppose meat goop formed into a shape.  Think Pringle vs. a potato chip.  Anyway, our dog seems to approve - not sure it even touched the sides!  The beef, lamb and salmon varieties she tried all disappear in the blink of an eye.  A tasty treat for your dog, made in the USA, but just not the jerky I was hoping for.
Under the product features it says all meats are sourced in the USA. I got the Lamb and Rice jerky today and it says on the package the Lamb comes from New Zealand. That's a huge misrepresentation of this product on the product page. Very disappointed.
My chihuahuas like this treat, but they do not eat it with enthusiasm. They hesitate and let it sit quite often.
This blueberry and vanilla tea is excellent! I love all kinds of tea, and friend gave me some of this blueberry and vanilla (and a couple other Dilmah varieties).  They're all great, but this is one of my favorites.  The blueberry vanilla taste is delicious but not overpowering.  I usually add milk and sugar to my tea, but this one doesn't need it.  I highly recommend it!
Bought through Amazon as Snap-Bits are difficult to find in pet stores.  My dog is on a diet and the only treats she can have are few Cheerios, baby carrots cut into little pieces (and yes she eats them) and ice cubes.  Snap-bits are her extra special treat and she knows when they are in my hand.  She really likes it when I roll one along the floor for her to chase after and chomp it down.
These are nice little training treat sized cookies that can easily be gobbled by my 50 and 75lb dogs.  I imagine they'd work good too for the smaller dogs as a more regular sized treat.  They are about the size of a nickel each.
Very light in taste, but very giood, ty! Also, very fast service! I really enjoyed this prodect! I would order this again! Ty!
I am a huge coffee drinker, and love the k-cups for making one cup quickly before leaving for work in the morning.  While there are many choices, I prefer a bold, strong coffee first thing in the morning.  Wolfgang Puck French Roast is absolutely delicious, strong and not at all bitter, and makes a great first cup of coffee.  I would highly recommend to all bold coffee drinkers!
We always drink Timmothy's or Emeril's. Thought we would try something different. Not too many decafs to choose from. We were pleasantly surprised that this had a great taste with a full bodied flavor. I like my coffee on the milder side so I can even get 2 cups from 1 Kcup.
Good subtle flavored coffee for the mid-afternoon pick me up. A bit of sweetness without being overdone. Wish it was available in whole bean as I like it stronger then the Keurig cup can make it.
Wolfgang Puck's Chef's Reserve Colombian (Dark Roast) is basically what they said it will be. Dark roast, but not too strong. Acidity is on a low side, but with plenty of pleasant taste. At the same time you can drink this coffee black w/o the need for the sweetener and/or milk. This coffee is in European tradition and will please many people. I would recommend it after dinner, but not if you need a jolt to wake you up.
This is the most USEFUL info you will ever need to know about K-Cups, and one that took me forever to discover:<br /><br />Bold/Extra Bold coffee in terms of k-cups does not mean that the coffee itself is stronger, it only means that they included more grind in the cups to provide you with a stronger coffee.<br /><br />There! Now you know.<br /><br />My mom goes for the Extra Bolds only because she has been addicted to caffeine for over 40 years now, and she's frugal and thinks this gives her more back for her buck (or rather mine, since I buy it for her).<br /><br />Unfortunately, out of all the Extra Bold k-cups she's tried, she claims that the Wolfgang Puck is the weakest tasting. She's tried it in both the medium & small serving sizes format, and both have produced less-than-full-flavor drinks.<br /><br />If you are looking for a rich, flavorful, strong-tasting coffee, try the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HKZZ7A">Van Houtte Cafe Honduras Medium Roast, Extra Bold Coffee, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>.
This coffee brews very weak - like a light roast.  W.P. Chef's reserve pods are just over half full.  Put pod on scale and it's 15% less coffee wgt than normal pods.  Stick with normal pods or extra bold if you like coffee that taste like coffee.
I wanted to like this coffee, I did. We've tried other Wolfgang Puck K-Cups and have been pleasantly surprised. This just did not impress us. Bitter aftertaste, and it has an almost sickeningly vanilla flavor. Smells great while brewing, but just does not live up to it in the cup. I'm really disappointed because I now have a box and a half of this product that we really do not want to drink! Great price though.
I purchased these for my mom and she loves them!  She does not like bold coffee flavors, but is more into the sweet and more flavorful varieties.  This one combines the taste of the islands with a smooth, nutty flavor.  Amazon had a GREAT price on these and this is something that I can actually recommend!
This is a good decaf coffee, but I've never before had a k cup dump the contents into my cup. It's extremely irritating to deal with grounds in the cup and machine when deliberately choosing a system that avoids the mess.
Warning: this is a STRONG flavor.<br /><br />I thought that this would be Blue Mountain-y... oh no. It is like... rum flavored or something. Yuk.
I admit I don't usually drink decaf but this is a favorite in my office and I felt it deserved a good rating.
I tried this flavor within a variety pack and LOVED IT!  I usually add cream and sugar to my coffee.  With this k cup I added coconut creamer and found that I did not have to add any sugar!  It was so sweet and light and tasted just like a pina colada.  I absolutley love this k cup and am planning to sign up for subscribe and save on this one!
This Wolfgang Puck coffee tasted great. The vanilla flavoring is just right. Some reviews said it was not so good, not enough flavoring, etc. Don't pay attention to the bad reviews posted on here. I have never posted for a product and I have tried many different k-cups. This is a good k-cup and don't hesitate to purchase this flavor because of the negative feedback. I almost hesitated and didn't buy it and then I figured I would give it a shot. It was worth it to pick the vanilla francaise flavor. You will enjoy it. It tastes better then other k cup vanilla flavors like folgers and van houtte flavor.
I saw the good reviews of this Jamaica Me Crazy coffee, but the reviewers all seem to wander around whether it has coconut, vanilla, caramel, rum or coffee liqueur flavorings.<br /><br />First off, I'm not getting any coconut from it at all.  Some vanilla, but it mostly tastes like coffee with baileys irish cream in it.<br /><br />In fact, after I drank a cup I had to go pick up my son from kindergarten and it occurred to me that some of the other parents might think I was drinking spiked coffee while we waited for the class to let out! :)<br /><br />But its good.  I recommend it to anyone who likes flavored coffee.  Not really anything else like it and I've tried about 20 different k-cup flavors.
With so many choices now, I thought I woudl give this a try.<br />The Donut shop Decaf is by far my favorite and this one falls short.
I used to do the subscribe and save with the Timothy's World Kona, but due to the fact that the price on Timothy's jumped so high, I went to Wolfgang Puck Breakfast in Bed.  Pleasantly surprised, and I must say that I like this one much better than the Kona!  It seems much more smoother, but the taste still retains a nice warm mellow-bold flavor.  Great way to start the day!  Oh, and I love the name of this coffee ;)
I bought this because Amazon had DRASTICALLY increased the price on what I usually buy, so I thought I'd try something new.  I normally drink Coffee People Donut Shop, which is a nice, strong cup of coffee.  This was a little disappointing.  It's called a Medium Roast, but when I brew a large cup (my Keurig has 3 size options), it looks like strong tea - very light in color.  It makes a very weak cup of coffee.  When I brew the smallest cup possible, it's a tiny bit better, but I prefer a large cup of strong coffee.  Think I may try the Rodeo Drive or Sorrento, but this one is just too weak and light for me.  (Oddly enough, the first time I tried Donut Shop, I thought it was too strong...as I had been used to weaker coffees.  Now that I've started drinking the stronger varieties, it's hard to go back to "brown water.")
I wasn't expecting this one to be so rich or full!  Yet it has a smoky finish that is typical of a French roast but doesn't taste burnt.  I think alot of times a French roast tastes thin and yet bitter instead of full and smoky, but not this one! Very pleased with it and will definitely order again.  If you like a stronger cup in the morning, without being bitter, give this one a try.
Very good tasteing product but I need to use it the smallist setting on my B-60 to really enjoy the depth.
I am still waiting for Peets to come out with Kcups, but in the meantime, the Wolfgang Puck's coffees are filling the bill. I really like Sorrento AND Rodeo Drive---smooth and full bodied.<br />JS
As a French Roast fan, I bought this brand of K-cup with high expectations, considering the name attached to it. I was disappointed. It has a hearty aroma and full-bodied flavor but leaves a bitter aftertaste.<br /><br />If you're a lover of the more robust roasts, I would recommend trying the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002L41Y8A">Coffee People Kona Blend Island Style, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> instead. It is a smooth blend with none of the bitterness that delivers that kick you're likely looking for.
Not too bold, not too weak...not bitter.  Good way to start if your not into the real strong coffees.  My husband and I have added the Wolfgang Puck "Breakfast in Bed" line and the "Rodeo Drive" flavors to our buying ritual.
This flavored K-Cup isn't out of this world, but isn't horrible. In my opinion, it's way more flavorful than the Wolfgang Puck Hazelnut K-Cup. We love flavored coffee in our house, and so I would go with this one again. Worth a try.
Never had Hawaiian Hazelnut before so I didn't know what to expect, but it turns out it's pretty good, not as flavored as say DD, but nonetheless pretty good. I have it on subscription now along with the German Chocolate Cake, another one of my favorite flavored K-cups.
This has made me into a coffee lover!  Very  mild and easy on the stomach, but with a great flavor.  Love it!
Nice, light cup of coffee. Definitely not a bold brew but it's smooth and gentle on the stomach.....good for those mornings when you over did it the night before. Would buy again.
This is a very balanced and smooth light coffee great for a first cup of the day.
This is a great cup of hazelnut coffee; smooth and balanced with no chemical aftertaste.  My husband and I like it so much that we've ordered it twice directly from the Keurig manufacturer.  SO GLAD that it's now available on Amazon through subscribe and save!
I'm amazed how many are being so easily fooled.  What you're seeing is a GENERIC ingredient list that covers multiple coffees.  What it is saying, based on the photo I see above, is that IF the coffee type you have is straight coffee, then all it contains is 100% arabica coffee...  But IF what you are drinking is a FLAVORED coffee, then the ingredients in it are Arabica coffee, and flavorings...  But IF what you're drinking is a DECAF variety, then it contains Arabica coffee that has been decaffeinated with Ethyl Acetate, as is standard.<br /><br />So if you're not holding a decaf variety, then there is no decaffeinated beans!  It is nothing more than generic catch all ingredients that apply to whichever variety you happen to be looking at.<br /><br />Sheesh.  Think people! lol
Nowhere in the description does it mention anything about this coffee being flavored. I'm still not sure what flavor it is. Some type of nut. I wrongly assumed that Jamaican coffee would be similar to the Blue Mountain coffee which Jamaica is known for! How silly of me to assume that! I hate flavored coffees so I was so disappointed to now own 2 boxes of such a horrible coffee. It only says flavored very small on the box so I didn't notice it before I opened it. Hopefully I can pawn it off to visitors and buy some regular bold coffee-flavored coffee for myself!
No where in the description does it mention that this is a flavored coffee.  By the name I thought it was a Jamaican Blue Mountain blend but its flavored with a weak tasting hazelnut.  Not very good
I was in a hurry and did not read the reviews...I trusted amazon's description and it did NOT indicate it was flavored coffee and that it was NOT Jamaican...it is very lightly flavored with vanilla so it isnt too bad. I feel cheated.
I thought this was a Jamaican blend or roast, but turns out it's simply a heavily flavored coffee.  The flavor tastes artificial - like fake maple syrup flavoring.  We have three coffee drinkers in our house and none of us could get past the first few sips.  Now I have to find a home for the rest of it so it doesn't go to waste.
I wish Amazon would require any coffee with sweet artificial flavorings to be plainly identified as such.  Then folks who really dislike coffee adulterated this way could avoid getting another disappointing flavored cup of coffee.  This stuff tastes the way I imagine Newman's Own Extra Bold coffee would taste with curdled, spoiled Bailey's Irish Cream dumped in it - nasty.  Shudder!!!
I drink about 4 to 6 cups of coffee every morning - I'm always looking for a new flavor - so I gave it a try - I drank it but I would not order again. steve
I like strong, but smooth coffee. This coffee is strong enough, but a little on the bitter side for my taste. I have tasted other strong blends that I like much more. My husband, who likes a medium roast coffee, is OK with this coffee, but it not his favorite either. I would only recommend it to someone who likes a little tang in their morning cup of joe.
First of all, I have owned a Keurig for about 4 years now, and I've tried lot's of coffee.  During that time, I have had an occasion k cup that didn't function correctly and loaded the brew with grounds.<br /><br />I probably should have returned these before I bothered to open the second box.  Since I drink my coffee from a thermal cup, I can tell you that taking that last drink to find your mouth full of coffee grounds stinks.<br /><br />I have had to throw out at least 6 cups of coffee.  Its a bit like Russian Roulette, and I've started straining it after I brew it.<br /><br />I know that its not my brewer because it is not happening with the Green Mountain, Timothy's or Tully's that I also use.  The good cups are a bit weak for my taste, but the flavor is ok.  Definitely prefer not to waste $'s on a product with a manufacturing defect.
Rodeo Drive is my absolute favorite and I'm ready to order more!  That's if I can find it.<br />I don't know why they are discontinuing it.<br />It arrived very fast.
Honestly, I have to admit that I expected a little better. That's not to say that this is bad coffee - in fact it's quite bold without being too acidic, and pretty satisfying overall. I think my main problem is that Wolfgang Puck's name is attached to it, so perhaps it set my expectations a little high. I have a Wolfgang Puck knife set that I adore, and is very high quality for what I paid for it. This coffee was on sale, so it was well worth it also, I just hoped for something that would knock my socks off - which it didn't. I also purchased the Breakfast blend, and Jamaica me crazy at the same time. The breakfast blend was the best, in my opinion, and the jamaican coffee smelled the best, but was the least successful.
The Breakfast In Bed coffee from Wolfgang Puck is  a good medium roast coffee.  My husband, the regular coffee drinker of our house, likes it, but feels he would like the coffee more if it were a bit stronger.  The product arrived quite soon after ordering.
I'm not a gourmet coffee critic, but this stuff is disappointing.  Based upon previous good reviews, I suspect that the coffee in the K-cups I received is not the same -- they may have changed the manufacturing.  The Wolfgang Puck Decaf I received is lifeless, watery, and tasteless.  There's no aroma when it's brewing in the Keurig.  Never again.
The Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Chef's Reseerve Columbian Decaf is fantastic and very delicious.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a great cup of coffee.
Nice round flavor. Not harsh or botter. I enjoy it with French Vanilla creamer.  Lately it has been harder to find.  I do hope they have not discontinued it!
Coffee tastes great, but the cups get torn apart when brewing.  What a mess that is!!  I am quite disappointed because I do like this flavor of coffee!!
Perhaps my expectations were too high. When I see the name "Wolfgang Puck", I expect to be impressed. This (to my taste) is very average tasting coffee. To be fair, it is billed as a medium roast, and that's what it is. However, it's just too bland for my taste.<br /><br />If you want decaf with more character, try Green Mountain Coffee's Dark Magic Decaf <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006N3I2SK">Green Mountain Coffee Decaf Dark Magic, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig Brewers 24-Count</a>, or Emeril's Jazzed Up Decaf <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004616B3Y">Emeril's Jazzed Up DECAF 48 K-Cups</a>. They are darker roasts though, so if you want a milder coffee the Wolfgang Puck might be what you are looking for.
This is my wife's favorite. She grew up in Seattle and has consumed countless gallons of various types of coffee in her lifetime so I assume this is good coffee. She is also my wine taster as her palate is much more sensitive than mine.
I tried this product solely for the fact it has Wolfgang's name on it.  I should have stuck with Timothy's brand.  This was way too strong to be labeled a breakfast coffee, more like a dinner coffee.  I will not be buying this again, also way too expensive compared to the others.
Love this coffee, but cannot buy it through regular outlets, so am gouged by SASA Corner. Really sticks in my craw paying more than a buck a cup.
We were given a Keurig for a wedding present, along with several variety packs. So far, Wolfgang Puck's Jamaica Me Crazy is our favorite, and we will definitely be repeat buyers of this flavor.
This is my favorite late evening cup of coffee.  Nice flavor, just right before retiring for the night. Keep stocking this brand and I will keep coming back for it!!
It's a great flavor and makes a great cup of coffee. I fine you can have more than 1 cup of this coffee and not feel like it's too much of a flavored coffee. Puck has captured a great flavor with this coffee.
It sure would be nice if they stated ANYWHERE in the description of this coffee that it is flavored.  I love the Bed and Breakfast coffee, it's just plain coffee, so I was surprised when I received the Jamaica coffee and it was flavored.  YUCK!
I ordered 3 boxes of 18 each.............and opened one box to find they were PODS and not<br />for Keurig, AND I can't return them!!!?????  Yes,the pods fit into the Keurig but<br />the end product is weak and awful.  I am most disappointed
I love the Wolfganag Puck flavors.  This Vienna blend is very nice.  It is medium roast so it is not too strong.  Has a wonderful flavor without being a flavored coffee.  One of my favorites.
We purchased an assorted package of K-Cups (by various makers) and of all the coffees THIS is my FAVE!  I really can't see any reason to ever taste-test another flavor!  It smells delicious and TASTES DELICIOUS too!!
The coffee is good. However, at least half of these haven't been sealed correctly. When I brew them the edge of the foil pops open and coffee grounds go everywhere. Not fun to clean. It may have just been the batch we got, but I won't be ordering these again.
Well the creme caramel was on sale so I decided to give it a shot. Plus the fact that each K Cup is individually prepared by Mr. Puck himself. Anyway I quite enjoy these. I never buy flavored ones so overall I'm happy with these but they are definitely not my favorite as I usually buy the bolder ones and these are fairly mild.
Honestly the first time I tried Jamaica me crazy I had to double check to make sure that I didn't leave the pod irom my last cup n the coffee maker. Weak coffee, flavor didn't appeal to me either. Might appeal to someone who likes their coffee on the weaker side. Wolfgang's vienna roast was pleasant though.
Love the flavor, but 12 of the cups in the 24 count box were misshapen/melted, as if they'd been exposed to heat during filling.  My husband used two of the ones that were not affected, so I'm not returning them, but certainly wish quality control had caught this.  The affected k cups are so misshapen they will not fit into the space in the Keurig.
Never got a delivery as fast as we did this time.  We were running low on our special coffee. We have sampled many K-cup coffees, some in assorted packs and decided this is the best.  It is mellow, never bitter and always totally enjoyable.
This is my second favorite after the breakfast in bed flavor. I love Wolfgang Puck coffee. It's a little bolder then the breakfast in bed, but still smooth.
This is our favorite K-cup at home. Mellow and flavorful.<br /><br />Also, I wanted to clear-up the question of whether or not this is decaf - it is not. See the response I received from WP Coffee:<br /><br />"Is Breakfast in Bed K-cup actually a decaf coffee?"<br /><br />"Thanks for reaching out to Wolfgang Puck Coffee. The Breakfast in Bed is not a decaf blend...."<br /><br />Thanks.<br />Mandy M<br />Customer Service<br />Wolfgang Puck Coffee
The Hawaiian Hazelnut is my favorite K-Cup flavor from any vendor, but it's ALWAYS out of stock on Amazon.com; it seems that all of the other Puck flavors are available for a very reasonable $16.54/24-cup price and sold directly by Amazon.com, but HH's price fluctuates wildly from 3rd-party resellers and hasn't been available directly from Amazon.com for months.  As I'm writing this (8/24/12) the price of a 24-pack is $34.99 from the cheapest 3rd-party retailer, which is absolutely ridiculous.  AMAZON, why can't you stock the Hawaiian Hazelnut the same way you stock the other flavors??  The fact that I would take the time to write a review about this should tell you how much I like the product...
The vanilla coffee taste is pretty good and mild, as I expected. But I bought it for a discount from the Amazon Warehouse (otherwise K-Cups are a little expensive). When Amazon does this, it usually means they are trying to get rid of this stock quickly.<br /><br />As I expected, the expiration date is for a month or two from now, so they were trying to get rid of them. I also noticed the seals didn't seem as tight as they normally are. This also could be because it was sitting in Amazon's warehouse in the heat all summer.<br /><br />As I expected, about half of these K-cups burst open while brewing. (This is not usual, and I've tried many different brands.) This made them leak (so clean-up was kind of annoying) and not taste as fresh, but it still tasted decent. Bottom line: When K-cups are discounted from Amazon Warehouse, be ready to pay in other ways! lol
this is just the perfect thing to end a tired day.  the taste is smooth and warm and creamy.  i find that i look forward to having a cup while i read for a few minutes. what a treat.
This coffee is good and has nice subtle flavor. I am disappointed though because I looked at the bottom and it says decaf. I dunno bout you but I drink coffee for the caffeine. In the picture on bottom of box has text but it is so small I did not even consider looking on it. So just disappointed that is decaf and does not say on page when ordering.
This is good vanilla coffee.  I got this and the green mountain and prefer this one.  It has a nice sweet flavor
Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut Coffee for Keurig brewer.  Good medium strength coffee with Hazelnut flavor. Full-body, enjoyable anytime of the day. I really like this coffee.
I really enjoy Wolfgang Puck's K-Cups, so far all the ones I've tried haven't left my stomach churning..and,<br /><br />this was my first time trying out the Sorrento Fair Trade Roast and purchased it on a Warehouse Amazon price deal.  I am really happy with my purchase.  The taste of the Sorrento is what I would expect of a Medium Roast = A good, smooth blend.  No bitter, acidic after taste, and leaves you wanting for more after that first cup!  (At least, it left me)! :p  It's doesn't leave you with the "shhhakes" either, it has that right "balance" you need with your daily cup of coffee.<br /><br />Yes, I will be getting another 24-Count of this when I am finished with this pack!<br /><br />5-Stars!
Coffee quality is as good as expected but, close to expiring. Next time, I will spend the extra few dollars and buy the coffee localy.
I'm a relative newcomer to Keurig coffee, but I do know that I was generally disappointed in the drink produced. However, the Breakfast in Bed K-Cup produces a nicely balanced, not-too-thin cup without being too harsh. I still haven't achieved anything like what I can make either with my french press or with my drip machine, but it's definitely better than the at-work alternative, Community Coffee.
If you like a balanced cup of joe, this is a great choice. The coffee is smooth and balanced. There is no bitterness or bite. Thank you Chef Puck for this fantastic decaf coffee choice!
Smooth with a hint of flavor.  Medium boldness yet rich in taste.  Not a "wake me up" but certainly enjoyable!
My second purchase of this  cofee & like the first cup it has been wonderful to wake up to.  Not too bold or brash but a good drink to start the day with
The best thing that I look foreward to every morning . It makes my day ,the best tasting coffee ever
I really enjoy this one and I've tried many! In my top 5. A little pricey but will order again sometime in the future.
I too purchased this product thinking it might not be a flavored product, and before it arrived I looked it up to see that there was some rumor as to a coconut flavor.<br /><br />So, lets get this out of the way. *********Do Not Purchase this is you do not like flavored coffee. It is flavored.<br /><br />The first thing you notice is a deep coconut aroma, almost akin to Hazelnut in its presentation. The initial mouthfeel is good, a light roast but a snappiness to the roast which settles in nicely with the flavor, which<br />has a definite dark chocolate taste without the bitterness.<br /><br />The finish is semisweet chocolate, Jamaican coffee and faint toasted coconut.<br /><br />Bottom Line: if you like flavored coffee with coconut/hazelnut/cocoa profiles, you will like this coffee.
Jamaica Me Crazy is an awesome smooth coffee, Light Coconut/Vanilla flavorful taste.<br />a good coffee if you don't like real strong coffee.Highly recommend.
I got one K-Cup of Wolfgang Puck's Colombian Reserve dark roast as part of a variety 35-pack that I bought here on Amazon. Since I'd always assumed that I preferred the less-burnt flavor of a light or medium roast, I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed the way this coffee sat on my tongue. It is sweet, full, and gently bitter. I brewed it in a 9.25 oz. cup in an effort to dilute it a little, but I may be gutsy enough to try a 7.25 oz. cup the next time around.
Smooth, delicious, can't wait to wakeup with my coffee! I love all the Wolfgang Puck coffee flavors...never a dull flavor!
This is our first time trying the Wolfgang Puck coffee - so glad we did!!!  It is a wonderful medium blend and great for any time of day!  I would buy it again!
This is the best k cup coffee that we have been able to find.  Very rich flavors and a medium + roast.  We love this one!
I'm not a huge flavored coffee fan. Usually I prefer lattes with flavored syrups. A friend sent me a K-Cup to try and the smell was mouth watering before it even finished brewing. The flavor was strong enough to drink it only with milk; I added a little vanilla syrup when I reheated it. I am not a coconut fan but the flavor is barely there. It is just a unique taste for when you're in the mood for something different!
I loved this brand.  It was the best vanilla flavor of others I tried.  I would buy more if it was a better price.
Fantastic taste, smooth "feel", no nasty aftertaste, pairs great with creamer. What more can one want from a coffee? This has become my favorite.
Best flavored k cup I've ever had! I recommend this for everyone. Great flavor! I've given it to all my friends and they get hooked.
I didn't know what this would taste like, but I'm so glad I ordered it.  What a perfect cup of yummy coffee for a cool summer morning!
Wake up to a cup of Wolfgang Puck Coffe Breakfast in Bed (medium Roast) K-cup for Keurig. is a great way to start your day, or just sit down and relax. Try it and you will be buying more.<br /><br />Shop Amazon for Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Breakfast in Bed
This is a favorite in the office and in my house. We burn through this coffee. I've tried a few of the other Wolfgang coffees and this one is by far the best. I've seen better prices for this at a lot of other places. This is an excellent coffee to start your day with.
I've tried a wide selection of k-cups including the big names like Starbucks, Tully's, Donut House, Dunkin Donuts, etc and they all have something in common.. either too watery (weak) or too bitter (strong). I tried Breakfast in Bed based on the reviews and I was not disappointed. It's flavorful without being strong or weak. It's hard to get a cup of coffee from a Keurig that tastes like it was brewed like a normal coffee machine.. this k-cup is the exception.. I'll be stocking up.
love the wolfgang puck restaurants,cookware,brand endorsed products, all his brand products / cuisine are amazing, i am a loyal fan, yet this creme caramel coffee is tasteless, no real coffee flavor, no hint of caramel or creme, it brews like a bit of steamed milk, that somewhat pasty tasteless feel on your palate. soooo dissapointed as i am such a loyal fan of all his brand, products. sadly,a waste of funds, did not return because i think food items are none refundable.
Didn't realize it was flavored and thought, when I had my first sip, that it tasted like chemicals. F-. Gave it away the next day at work.
Good, but the Green Mountain reserve Sumatra is better by 1- 1 and a half stars. Sort of tastes a little stale.
Wonderful flavor would purchase this blend of coffee again light flavor not bitter at all and price was great the best I found anywhere
I find many of the K cups are a bit bitter for my taste.  I want something simple and smooth.  This coffee is wonderful!
Wolfgang Puck's Colombian coffee is delicious!  I find it to be a smooth and flavorful dark roast with a lovely aroma, yet without a bitter or acidic quality that might leave an unpleasant aftertaste.  It is a bit expensive, like all k-cups, but I think it's worth it due to convenience and exceptional flavor.  I definitely recommend this coffee to others!
Not much of a coffee drinker but this Wolfgang Vienna brand is good. Not strong but a mellow taste.  The flavored coffees are getting on my nerves and this is just a good everyday coffee flavor. Everyone in the family and visitors like it. Would buy again.
I truly enjoy a good cup of coffee. It does give me a lift in the morning. Wolfgang Puck really knows how to produce a fine cup. Thanks.
great service and delivery for a really good product. i am constantly looking for a good hazelnut coffee and so far this is the best, along with green mountain...
My family is full of coffee snobs.  If you like robust coffee and use k-cups, this is the product for you.
While I love flavored coffees, I had never tried any of the Wolfgang Puck line.  This moved to the top of my favorites list with the first cup!  Not only is the aroma delightful, the flavor is excellent as well.  I drink my coffee black and this one has no bitter after taste and the flavor isn't overpowering.  The flavor is a very light coconut and the coffee is a medium body.  I must admit that I was a little hesitant about a "coconut" flavor.  DON'T BE!  Everyone around me wants a cup....I refuse to share!
Wolfgang Puck French Roast is a nice, bold (not too bold), flavorful cup of coffee.  If you like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFSQ6">Coffee People Extra Bold Organic, Dark Roast Coffee for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, then you should like Wolfgang Puck's French Roast.<br /><br />This French Roast has a deep flavor with a hint of sweetness and a smooth finish - a good choice for a morning cup of coffee.<br /><br />Recommended.<br /><br />(Note to Manufacturer: as a consumer, I wish you would use real coffee descriptions(i.e., hints of xxx, smooth finish) rather than fluff advertising like "Bring the aromas of France home with you and "Profitez des bons moments" (enjoy the good moments)!" - what does that really mean? It took me awhile to decide to purchase this coffee because the description gave me zero idea of what to expect).
Good choice for your morning coffee if you like a medium, slightly bold flavor.  Vienna coffee is not a real bold coffee, so medium roast coffee drinkers should like the flavor.<br /><br />Vienna Coffee House has less of a kick than <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXFL1Q">Wolfgang Puck French Roast (Dark Roast), 24-Count K-cups (Pack of 2)</a>), but a little more than <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFUDC">Coffee People Donut Shop Medium Roast, Extra Bold for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>.<br /><br />Good flavor, slightly sweet with a good bean taste that isn't tough on your stomach.<br /><br />To the manufacturer: please revise your coffee descriptions - they are terrible and give the consumer no information on the flavor/style of coffee featured.  If you want us to buy the coffee, be forthright on your descriptions.
I love the rich, full-bodied flavor of a dark-roast coffee.  When I bought my first Keurig machine I wasted no time in ordering all of the dark roast K-cups that I could find.  I initially settled on Newman's Own Dark Roast as my "go-to" coffee, but I didn't stop there.  I like to keep experimenting and looking for something new.  I happened to find Coffee People's Organic Extra Bold blend and was blown away.  It has been my favorite ever since I first tried it.  Last week I saw a listing for a Colombian dark roast sold under the Wolfgang Puck name (it is processed and distributed by Van Houtte) and decided to give it try.  Here is my impression of it:<br /><br />After brewing a cup (I used the 7 1/2 oz. setting) the first thing that I noticed was that it didn't have that freshly-brewed aroma that the Coffee People X-Bold does, however the taste was another story.  It hits your palate with medium acidity and a nice, sharp bite that gets your attention right away. The finish was surprising clean with a hint of spice (nutmeg or cinnamon?) and just a slight, lingering, pleasant bitterness.  I really like this coffee but I think that I will stick with Coffee People's Extra Bold and this will be my back-up brand.  However, I will keep looking for something new.  Who knows what I will find?<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO7GYY">Newman's Own&iquest; Organics Special Blend (Extra Bold), K-cups For Keurig Brewers, 24-count,  Boxes (Pack of 2)</a><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002L444OQ">Coffee People Organic, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>]
I love the names Wolfgang Puck gives to their coffees, but the coffee descriptions leave a lot to be desired.<br /><br />In this case, with "Breakfast in Bed", I expected a much more flavorful cup of coffee than delivered.  "Breakfast in Bed" is on the light side of the medium roasts and has a mild, but not very memorable flavor.  On the plus side, it is a smooth coffee and not acidic at all.<br /><br />A better choice, in my opinion, is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFUDC">Coffee People Donut Shop Medium Roast, Extra Bold for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, which also comes in the 50 pack.<br /><br />ADDED: Another nice, smooth medium blend is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002APWQ0K">Timothy's World Coffee, Kona Blend for Keurig Brewers, Medium, 50-Count K-Cups</a><br /><br />ADDED: for those who prefer a lighter smooth blend, try <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00196QVPM">Keurig Green Mountain Coffee Roasters 80 K - Cup Colombian Fair Trade Slect Medium Roast Coffee</a> (link for product description only, not for best pricing).
One reviewer mentioned that this coffee was decaff and said it was listed as such on the bottom of the box (in small print). I checked my current box and saw no such labeling information. HOWEVER, the new boxes I received are a different color, with a slapped on label for Hawaiian Hazelnut and NOW the bottom of the box says it's made from 100% decaff coffee. While I like the flavor, I do NOT want decaff in the morning, which is when I drink coffee.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I am unable to return this item to Amazon because of their return policy, which is why I'm writing this review, to make sure others know the coffee packaging has changed and it is definitely labeled as decaffeinated now. I would give more stars for flavor, but the lack of official notification in the product description that this coffee is decaff makes me feel as if I tossed my money out the window, buying something I would not have otherwise ordered.
Ok, now on our third box of Breakfast in Bed. We had become fans of Donut House and Coffee Shop, looking for that balanced smooth "Dunkinesque" brew. We found ourselves coming up just a bit short in the strength/flavor area. Corrections were made in brew size and eventually adding in a bit of Emeril's Bold or various dark roasts. Well problem solved with the B in B. Smooth and flavorful and a good eye-opener. (Was worried the name somehow implied less caffeine)Based on our experience in these areas, 5 stars. The "except"? On three seperate occasions out of two boxes purchased seperately, we had "exploding" K-cups! A small pop during brewing that sent coffee grounds spewing over and in the Keurig, counter top, and coffee cup. This at our home brewer AND our vacation house. Messy. Very messy, requiring unplugging and careful cleaning inside cup holder and area. Minus 1 star. Umm, exactly who makes these things and where...hopefully a road bump on the way to sucess. Peace.
I have this flavor shipped automatically now, along with several others.  This happens to be our favorite, and I have to remind my husband the two boxes need to last until the next shipment.  A slight coconut aroma and flavor is so amazingly delightful in the morning.  Not overly strong, and perfect for our taste buds.  Our favorite part of waking up in the morning!
First you must know I am one who roasts my own green beans at home, including Sumatran, but also many African varieties. I like a STRONG cup of coffee. I use K-cups at work because we have no facility for rinsing/cleaning/getting water for a regular machine.<br /><br />Sumatran coffees generally have a very rich, earthy taste; some would describe it as being "tangy" almost. Having tried the two other main brands of Sumatran for K-cups, the Puck is by far the best. It is not as bold as something you would get from Starbucks or from roasting yourself, but it has all the flavor elements of a good Sumatran cup. It especially has that nice earthy taste. Even the aftertaste is rich.<br /><br />IMPORTANT: If you are looking for a k-cup that you will use on any other than the smallest cup setting, this coffee is not for you. In my opinion you get a Sumatran because you love strong coffee. Watered down it loses its distinctiveness. Get a generic french roast if you want weaker coffee with some flavor. I make mine with 2 k-cups, at the smallest setting. By camparison, I would give a Starbucks Sumatra mandheling a 10/10 rating for boldness. The Puck is about an 8, the Diedrich is a 4.<br />I highly recommend this coffee for bold coffee lovers, provided you use the smallest cup setting. You will not be disappointed. Best K-cup I have had yet, and I have tried many- Newman, Timothy's, Donut Shop, Diedrich, etc.<br /><br />Addendum: I have since tried th Green Mountain Sumatran, and gave that a one -star. Stale and bitter. I will definitely stay with Puck's.
I bought a Wolfgang Puck sampler and this was certainly one of my favorites, so I ordered a bigger box and have truly been enjoying it.  This is a classic, medium-roast cup of coffee.  It's very smooth, with no bitterness.  I would say that if you enjoy Donut Shop, Tully's Kona, and Caribou, you will like this blend.  The label is adorable and makes me smile when I pop it in the Keurig each morning.
My favorite Flavored coffee!!! This is not available in any of my local stores.  Better price than I have found at any local stores as well.
BEEN TRYING EVERY COFFEE BRAND AND FLAVOR FOR OVER A YEAR NOW AND THIS IS IT.  I JUST LOVE THIS COFFEE.  YOU SHOULD TRY A SMALL BOX AND SEE IF YOU AGREE.  EVERYONE HAS A DIFFERENT TASTE FOR COFFEE SO YOU MAY NOT LIKE IT, BUT WORTH A TRY.  I ALWAYS SAY IF YOU DON'T BUY A LOTTO TICKET YOU WILL NEVER WIN.
If you liked flavored coffees, this one has a hint of coconut to it.  This is my favorite coffee by far. I look forward to my first cup every morning.
I love this coffee. Great taste and great way to start your morning. If you like flavored coffee you will like this.
These K-Cups are great! The coffee is mild and yummy, but still very flavorful. I love this, cant wait to get my next shipment!
This flavor is horrible.  There are many other flavors much better.  Hawaiian Hazelnut is great!  Breakfast in Bed is AWesome!
I caught this as a "Warehouse" deal. $18.09 for 48 K-cups. This was my first experience with any Wolfgang Puck coffee.<br />The Rodeo Drive Blend is good, average coffee. Nothing exceptional. I prefer a little stronger, bolder coffee, but at this price, it works for me. There's other brands that I like a little better, but with K-cups, cost per unit is always something I have to factor in...<br />I'd buy it again @ $0.38/cup, but I probably wouldn't @ full price. If you keep your eyes peeled, you can always find a good deal... just have to be patient and stock up when the deals arise.
This is great coffee.  I am a coffee purist.  I don't add cream or sugar (unless it is weak or bitter). I truly enjoy coffee.  I have tried many different types of coffee for K-cups.  This is my new favorite. The price was amazing too.  Very smooth and subtle hazelnut flavor, not overpowering.
Well we were looking for another coffee that would meet or exceed the k cups we were using and this has far out tasted the coffee cups we were using, I have bought almost 6 packages of these and used just about all of them and will be ordering a few more boxes here soon. Great coffee, from a regular guy point of view.
Take it from someone who was tried a lot of different K-cups, BUY THESE! The "Breakfast in Bed" blend is full of great flavor, roasted perfectly, and more importantly I have been choosing it over Green Mountain, which says a lot. It's true to its name, perfect for the morning.
Reading the previous comments people have stated they did not know this was a flavored coffee but it clearly states that it is. Atleast it did on the sight I bought mine from. I was only brought to Amazon for the secure payment feature. It's a delightful flavored coffee, (depending on how you brew it), and is a pleasant wake up any morning.
I did not know this had a coconut flavor or aroma as I got it in a variety pack. I put it in this am and immediately smelled coconut and thought oh no I don't like sweet in the AM. But its not sweet, I am quite surprised at the flavor and how I like it. Would I like it every morning..NO but it was a nice change. Made me feel I was waking up in a Jamacian cottage on the ocean hearing carribean music, well maybe not but it was close
I love my Keurig coffee maker. And I enjoy experimenting with new coffee flavours. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXHGDM">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Creme Caramel, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a> seemed to be a safe choice. I love coffee with cream. I love caramel. I even like Wolfgang Puck. But his Creme Caramel flavoured coffee is a disappointment. It's not awful. It just lacks a certain depth of flavour. Even using the 'small cup' setting, the aroma is very nice, but the taste is a bit watery. 'Black', the coffee has a slightly chemical aftertaste. Adding extra cream and sweetener masked the aftertaste, but it didn't add any of the caramel creaminess I was expecting. In short; the coffee taste is very mild, and the caramel taste isn't all that great. Sorry Wolfgang, but I'm afraid this one is a yawner.
I like dark strong coffee but I just didn't really care for this one.  Not sure what it really was, almost a tad bitter?  Unfortunately I have another whole box of 24 to use up.  I picked up some Sumatran Reserve (also a dark) and prefer it.
I have tried many different k-cups and this has remained my favorite for the longest time. It is the perfect balance, not too weak and not too bold. And since I usually drink my coffee black, the flavor alone is very important to me. It' has a great flavor and not too acidic.
If you like your flavored coffee to taste like coffee, this may not be for you.  I couldn't taste the coffee at all in the travel size brew, but the smaller brew sizes were a bit better.
Amazon had this as buy one get one free and since it was my favorite, I could not resist.  Great purchase.
this product is great tasting and you don't even need sugar or creamer, but if you like sweet coffee i'd say a little sugar and creamer would not hurt, this is a perfect product to wake up to every morning :)
This coffee is so smoothe.  I brew my morning cup with the medium cup size and it is delicious. It is a little weak on the large cup size setting.
This is a smooth not bitter coffee. It's a little more pricey than some which are just as good, but it has a good sweet flavor, and I can recommend it.
I bought a small 3 pack of this locally and liked it so much I bought the 48 pack.  Great deal on Amazon.
Bought a sample pack today of the Jamaica Me Crazy and love the flavor.  The flavor is not too powerful nor was it  overwhelming.  I'd recommend the Wolf Gang Puck k-cups.
I personally don't like strong coffee.  If you like weaker coffee, then this blend is a great choice for you.  Other reviews on here say that its too weak, which is probably true if your used to something strong.<br /><br />I also use flavored creamer to further enhance the taste. For the price, it can't hurt to give it a try.
This is the smoothest and best tasting Keurig coffee I've tried.  It's not bitter, not too weak, not too strong, just right!
These are awesome...as are all of Wolfgang Puck's k-cups. The coffee is smooth, the cups brew perfectly, the taste is unbelievable! My husband and I are hooked on these. The price is great considering what amazing coffee this is!!
WOLFGANG PUCK'S FRENCH ROAST HAS A DEEP ROBUST FLAVOR. I PREFER IT IN THE AFTERNOON... SOMETIMES WITH A SHOT OF GRAN MARNIER... OH YEAH...
I've tried every single French roast K-cup, and this is one of my favorites.  The Starbucks and the Barista Prima are the two best French roast K-cups, but the gap between Wolfgang Puck's and those two are negligible.  This one has that great sweet smoky flavor that every good French roast should have.
This one is my wife's favorite of all the Hazlenut blends she has tried. This is her "go to" after a busy day of being retired.<br />Delivery was exceptional as usual, could not ask for much more.
I got this coffee as part of a "bold" sampler pack.  While I found it flavorful I wouldn't call it bold.  My first WP k-cup was French Roast which I found extremely bitter.  This coffee doesn't have that problem.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
My husband used to like the Nantucket Blend saying that it was awesome.  Then he tried this one, and it's the only one he drinks.  I drink other flavors, but I like taking sips of this one for sure...my husband is very territorial over these cups and says it's the only one he drinks.  If you're a coffee drinker, definitely try this one!
I drink my coffee black,so quality is a must! This is an excellent medium roast with a smooth consistency and perfect amount of kick. I love all the Wolfgan Puck coffee k-cups, but this is absolutely my favorite!
One of my top favorites, it's infused with coconut and has a very unique flavor.  This coffee is best enjoyed without cream or sugar, and it will ether become one of your favorites or you'll never buy it again. Some of my other favorites are Vanilla Biscotti, Butter Toffee, Hawaiian Hazelnut, and Donut Shop.
I drink a lot of coffee and I buy several different types. I found this particular one to be pleasant tasting with a nice aroma while brewing. There is no after-taste so you always want another cup.
Wonderful tasty coffee with a nice aroma as it is brewing. There is no after-taste at all and it very satisfying, you always want another cup of coffee. I continue to buy it.
A very nice flavor with no after-taste. It gives off a nice fragrance while brewing and has a very satisfying taste. You have to have another cup!
Dark and full flavored, but distinctly Columbian.  This is a great morning coffee. Better cup of AM Joe than you will get at a coffee place.
There is so many different K- Cup to chose from. So I asked in the store what brand and flavor is bought the most. They suggested Wolfgang Puck Coffee - Breakfast in Bed. The only had a few on the shelf and I was not disappointed. Now I am hooked. For you people that use creamer, this coffee is so good you will not even need creamer.
My favorite of the Wolfgang series discovered when trying all of the flavors in the available sample pack. Very good flavor, consistent with each pod and not overdone with added flavors. Very good dark roast Colombian cup of coffee from the Wolf.
We have tried all of the Hazelnut flavored coffee brands.  This is by far the best.  To bad it isn't an auto ship.
There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said. But when I brewed this coffee I really wasn't expecting to like it at all, seeing as I don't normally like coconut flavored things. But I really like the blend of flavors. To me it doesn't really taste like coconut as much as it does just tropical-ness in general. It's like.. palm tree flavored coffee. And the flavor isn't too overpowering at all, it still has a nice coffee taste. It's just right.
This is a dark, smooth brew (darker than Timothy's French Vanilla), But as with Timothy's it has only a slight hint of vanilla. This is my third "taste test" searching for the best vanilla flavored coffee.  Gloria Jean's was undrinkable.  Timothy's was pleasant but not as deep a roast as this. If it only had more vanilla flavor this would be my hands down favorite.
I've tried lots of flavors of coffee and this one is my favorite! Great taste, not bitter at all. A great flavored coffee for people who don't really like the taste of coffee.
the aroma is awesome!!  love the flavor, really gets you going in the morning.  prompt delivery, this is definatly my husbands favorite single cup coffee
After 5 years with the Keurig, this is the best .  If you like a medium blend, it perfect.  Its smooth, and has taste. Not watered down on either setting.
I am not a huge morning coffee person as this seems to be the only time of day black coffee upsets my stomach. No idea why. My work got a Keurig recently and buy the Caribou regular and morning blends, which are ok but I can hardly drink them unless there's a creamer of some sort in them.<br /><br />So on a recent trip to BB&B I perused their wall of K-cups and this one caught my eye. I am generally a fan of flavored coffees and this sounded good, so I bought an 18 cup pack. I have to say it is delicious! The coconut flavor is light but definitely there, and doesn't leave a bitter aftertaste like most black coffees do. It smells so good my co-workers have done a 180 walking by my desk to ask me what smells so good.<br /><br />Obviously if you're a coffee connoisseur this won't be for you, but if not it is definitely worth a shot. And the best part for me, aside from the flavor, no stomach upset!
Wolfgang Puck makes the BEST coffee! The package arrived on time and in perfect condition! I would definitely order this again.
Have enjoyed every single cup of Breakfast in Bed. Just the right kind of brew to wake up these old bones and get me started on the day's adventure. Also enjoy it while watching NCIS so I can join Gibbs enjoying a brew as well.
I love this brand!  The best hazelnut flavor ever! I wait for it to go on sale because it is more expensive than the other brands.  Also, as another reviewer noted, it does say decaff on the bottom of the package! It really should state that in the product description. I've noticed the packages from Bed, Bath and Beyond did not state this but can't imagine both are available.  I'll still purchase it because the flavor is so smooth.
I've long been a fan of flavored coffees so when we got our Keurig brewer we jumped on the opportunity to sample as many different flavors of k cups as possible.  Our first foray into the single-serve hazelnut world was <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZKI">Gloria Jean's Coffees,Hazelnut K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers (Pack of 50)</a>, which was absolutely awful.  We've always enjoyed hazelnut coffee in the past, though, and vowed not to give up.  I ordered a sample pack of Wolfgang Puck's hazelnut directly from Keurig's website and hoped for the best.<br /><br />Thankfully, Hawaiian Hazelnut blows all of the other hazelnut k cups out of the water.  It is smokey and delicious without being dark and overwhelming.  The hazelnut really does taste like actual hazelnut, which you'd think would be something a coffee drinker could take for granted, but we've been disappointed in the past.  I'd never tried coffee from the Wolfgang Puck brand before, but our positive experience with Hawaiian Hazelnut has definitely gotten me interested in trying other varieties.<br /><br />The hazelnut flavor is pretty bold and full bodied, which is nice, but there is no bitterness or acidity to be found.  This suits me just fine since I enjoy a milder roast, but people who enjoy their coffee strong and dark might not enjoy this blend as much.<br /><br />We'll definitely be repurchasing this coffee when we run out.
If you like to taste the "flavor" in your flavored coffee, skip this one. I've struggled to taste the creme caramel flavoring that is supposed to be in here. The coffee flavor is also slightly bitter, but that could just be my taste buds longing for some flavoring! I'd recommend Green Mountain, Gloria Jeans or Van Houtte brands before this one.
I love this coffee - it's one of my all time favorites - it has the best flavor and I like the light roast.<br /><br />EXCELLENT!!!!
I love my Keurig but haven't found my "perfect" cup of coffee yet, although this comes close. I prefer a medium brew, not bold or strong. Breakfast in Bed is my choice so far.
I love Sumatra coffee and was excited to receive these K-Cups however was disappointed when I opened my Amazon box and found that the plastic wrap holding the two boxes of K-Cups was full of grinds meaning that there was a possible blowout of a cup... after carefully unwrapping the boxes and attempting to get as little coffee grinds everywhere as possible I opened the first box and all cups were fine, however the second box every kcup was covered in fine grinds and I had to clean each one and found that 3 of the cups were defective due to the top being stamped on at an angle and the grinds had spilled everywhere. I now see other reviews stating they had defective cups as well. However the taste of the coffee is good.
Jamaica Me Crazy is a sweet, coconut flavored coffee that has a mild aftertaste.  It is not a bold blend, but rather a mild to medium blend that leans more mild.<br /><br />This is certainly not a first cup of morning coffee for die-hard coffee drinkers who lean towards the medium to bold blends.  I would consider it a second cup of morning coffee, afternoon pick me up coffee or a dessert coffee.<br /><br />Flavor is OK.  I would like it better if the aftertaste didn't linger.  For a flavored coffee, it isn't bad & if you are a coconut fan, it is a blend to try on for size.
Truly not much needs to be said because it's Wolf and to wake up to his coffee here at the house is fantastic!
I expected more flavor from W. Puck. Though this coffee does taste good, it didn't have caramel flavor as expected. This is my opinion. Someone else may feel differently. The price is okay, I would not discount this product at all. It's a good product. Try it, you may like it.
I've tried all Vanilla coffee K-cups and by far this is the best! Wolf Gang Puck Vanilla Francaise is a smooth vanilla experience that lasts way after the coffee is consumed.  Try it you'll love it!
I am not a huge coconut fan, so I wasn't excited about trying this, but with one sip it definitely won me over!  The flavor is perfect and is now one of the flavors in our regular rotation.  And it smells so good!!!
This is my daughter's favorite K-cup product. Mild medium roast it is the next best thing to having Wolfgang cooking breakfast for you in your kitchen.
WOW! That's what my husband said when he tasted Wolfgang Puck's 'Jamaica Me Crazy' coffee for my Keurig.  He is not a fan of 'Strong' coffees and he really liked this one - We both do.  I highly recommend this one.  Can you put it on the Subscribe and Save??<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXL0V6">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Jamaica Me Crazy, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>
I'm sure this flavor isn't for everyone, but if you enjoy your coffee on the sweeter and more flavorful side then you should enjoy this. It is not what I would call a "strong" coffee by any means. I would describe it as mild and flavorful.
I just recently got a Keurig coffee maker & registered it online.  Keurig sent me a coupon for buy 2 boxes, get 2 free.  Awhile back, a local bagel shop had a coconut coffee that I fell in love with.  So, I decided to try this coffee out because it has coconut in it.  I brewed my first cup this morning & it smelled VERY strong of coconut so of COURSE I couldn't wait to try it.  After it cooled down a bit I took my first sip.  AMAZING!!  It is quite delightful & I STRONGLY recommend it if you like coconut coffee.  No bitter aftertaste, either & no soot @ the bottom of my cup.  Awesome
I was really impressed with this coffee, it has a nice bold taste, yet a smooth<br /> finish. I would order this coffee again.
When I coulnd't find Island Coconut K cups anywhere, I found this and decided to try it.  Although it is not exact, it is so close it puts a smile on face.  The coconut is not over powering, but you can taste the HINT of it certainly.  I love this and would order again and again...because THIS is available and Island coconut is not!!
This is my absolute favorite coffee flavor out there!  I'm so glad it comes in K-Cups!  And I'm glad it is so inexpensive!
I find this particular brand as good as the local coffee shop coffee (D.D.) which is a compliment to the maker. I have made this particular brand my #1 choice.
I have at least 4 dozen different k-cups at my house right now because we love to experiment with different flavors.  My favorite is Timothy's Rainforest Espresso because I like a bold coffee.  But others that prefer something milder say that Breakfast in Bed is their favorite.  I like it to but only when made as a stronger brew.  I have purchased maybe 15 boxes of this since it came out.
I normally drink only Donut Shop, but when I saw this on sale I thought I would give it a try.  I was quite impressed with it and really enjoy this one.  I have now added it to my list of favorite K-cups to buy.
Vanilla flavor is barely noticeable.  Acidic taste, not at all what I expected.  Breakfast in Bed and Hawaiian Hazelnut are much better choices.
I really like the flavor of this one! It has a low acidity but still full of flavor! Now I have to have it every morning and I am having trouble finding another one I like this much.
I'm actually suprised from reading some of the rants about this coffee.  I have tried 20+ K-cup varieties and this is by far my favorite.  Contrary to some reviews, I don't find it to be weak at all and in fact, is quite bold but with absolutely not hints of being bitter.  Very smooth and leaves a great aftertaste.  I prefer really strong coffee and this is a good compromise for a medium roast as it's not as bold as I would normally prefer but certainly strong enough to satisfy my preferences.<br /><br />I typically drink Wolfgang's Jamaica Me Crazy but ever since trying Rodeo Drive, I haven't gone back.
I Recently bought a 3 pack of this coffee at Bed Bath and Beyond. As its brewing, it smells great (if you like coconut).  The taste isn't bad, but for me, it has that artificial after taste that many flavored coffees have. I gave it 3 stars because it's not terrible. But I wouldn't buy this coffee again. If you're sensitive to after taste, I wouldn't recommend. I'd Grab a dark roast and throw some fresh coconut in there instead if you want a coconut coffee.
I am usually not a fan of flavored coffe or coconut for that matter and when I bought the sampler pack of Jamaica Me Crazy I honestly did not see that it was a flavored coffee.  The aroma that it gives off while brewing transports me to a tropical island somewhere.  The flavor of the coffee is very subtle and leaves no after taste at all.  A great new addition to my coffee line up.
This is the best tasting coffee available on k-cups!!!! The flavor is amazing, it is more expensive than other brands, but for a reason. Definitely worth trying.
This is one of the best coffees I have ever had for my Keurig.  It is a nice smooth coffee.  And the price is the best price I could find.  I will be buying more.
My husband and I are obsessed with this coffee...we take Kcups and hide them around the house because we wanna make sure it lasts a long time! Such a bold and delicious flavor!
I had tried this coffee before, it is wonderful.  Smooth and rich, full flavored, but not too bold. I would recommend it to anyone.
I tried this coffee, even though it was significantly more expensive than the Green Mountain (organic, free trade) Sumatra that I have been using for some time. Wolfgang Puck has the name and the rep.<br /><br />If this were the only Sumatra dark roast on the market, I'd be really happy with it. This is good coffee.<br /><br />It is not outstanding coffee. Compared to Folgers, this product is awesome. Unfortunately for Mr. Puck, I am comparing it to Green Mountain Sumatra.<br /><br />The organic and free trade Sumatra from Green Mountain is better to my taste, and it is cheaper. Mornings are good.
The coffee is good,however the k-cup is not packaged well,the coffee machine barely streams coffee,more of a fast drip.  The whole idea is it's fast,right?
It was a bit of a risk to order this, I mean what are you going to do with 2 boxes of kcups that taste terrible? But this was delish, the flavor was really good, and it was still awesome after it had cooled down. It has a coconutty, vanilla flavor, very nice!!
I like the Jamaica Me Crazy better, but when it's out of stock, this is my second choice.<br /><br />It's got a nice flavor & strength, without being bitter.
Taste is a personal thing, isn't it.  So I'll just tell you(as a gauge) my all time favorite K-cup is Timothy's Midnight Magic a "california roast" (which is dark). I'm partial to dark roasts and probably would not have even bothered with this Sorrento, but a friend had it, so I tried it, and lo and behold - I'm very glad I did. I find this blend even better than Puck's "Kopei Ray" which is his dark roast. There's a whole lot of good flavor here - the word "luscious" comes to mind. This one's not available every where and comes at a slight cost premium. I say it's worth it. These will be a regular for me. PS: A suggestion (which seems apparent); as with any k-cup, when you try a new blend, use the plain old 1 cup setting to check it out undiluted the first time.
This is my favorite KCup.  I'd describe it as medium-dark, creamy and rich.  And very consistent.  A lot of k-cups seem acidic to me, so i'm really glad i found this one. :]
Very delicious coffee, thankfully Amazon sells this flavor now.  I have been waiting for it since I tasted this last year.  I like the fact that you sell it in a 2 Pack rather than a single.
My hair dresser's salon bought a Keurig Machine, so I have been able to sample a variety of K-Cups. K-cups are about 10 times more expensive than a regularly brewed cup of coffee so I have never considered buying one for myself, but having a Keurig Machine at a hair salon makes sense! People have a variety of tastes and K-Cups can provide a nice variety and freshly made one at that.<br /><br />The salon has a nice variety of K-cups: Folders, Wolfgang Puck, Timothy's, and Green Mountain (that owns Keurig).<br /><br />Everyone's taste vary, but here is my assessment of the ones that I have tried so far. Wolfgang Puck was my second favorite. So far, I like Folgers the best.<br /><br />FOLGERS GOURMET<br />SELECTIONS LIVELY COLOMBIAN<br />Price per cup: 69 cents (package of 36 for $25)<br />Earthy flavor, fruity and nutty flavors come through.<br /><br />WOLFGANG PUCK CHEFS RESERVE COLOMBIAN DARK ROAST<br />Price per cup: 69 cents (package of 48 for $32.98)<br />A dark roast with caramel and earthy notes, slight burnt<br />and papery flavors.<br /><br />TIMOTHY'S DECAFFEINATED COLOMBIAN MEDIUM<br />Price per cup: 60 cents (package of 50 for $30)<br />A bit on the weak side, kind of papery, and less astringent than the others.<br /><br />Ali Julia review
Delicious coffee, good medium blend.  Its hard to find something that isnt too weak or too bold with K-cups, but this flavor was perfect.  Will buy again.
Good flavor.  Coconut flavor is subtle and not overpowering.  In comparison, there is another coconut coffee by Green Mountain in which the coconut flavor is overdone in my opinion.
While good quality, it was not at all what I expected. It smelled like caramel and vanilla, but it tasted like straight black coffee. I was pretty disappointed.
The coffee is just OK, a little weak. The price is a little high and it is not worth the extra money.
I was surprised to find out how weak this coffee is.  It has a good flavor but even on half cup it is very weak.
To me, this has a good, balanced flavor.  Some flavored K-cups seem too light on hazelnut, or too light on coffee.  This one is just right.
This k-cup actually smelled up the office. And it tastes as good as it smells. I found it to be very flavorful.
I was surprised to find out the coffee from my sampler had coconut in it.  I bought a sampler of k-cups to try different flavors and would sit aside the ones that I liked to order in the future.<br /><br />After drinking Jamaica Me Crazy not realizing the ingredients just knowing I liked it.  When ordering, reading through the reviews realized it had coconut in it and that was what made the taste so yummy, leaving me wanting more.  I was hesitant to buy but decided to go for it and am really glad I did.  Everyone I have shared my coffee surprise with loves it too.
Light and flavorful definitely describes this K-Cup. I often find it hard to find flavored K-Cups that aren't either 1) so strong you lose the flavor or 2) so light you'd be better off drinking water. However, I have to admit I have found a new favorite in the Hawaiian Hazelnut!
I LOVED THIS COFFEE. I just got my order a few days ago and I normally drink just one cup of coffee in the morning......Now I can't wait and have had an afternoon cup, too. I must say....I look forward to getting up in the morning just because I know I'm having this coffee!! TAHT SAYS A LOT FOR A LTE SLEEPER!! Try this one!! I like it on thenext to highest setting on my Keurig....it has an awesome aroma while brewing and the taste is smooth, never bitter and there is something that 'hints' of a slight fruitiness with the first sips......then the end of the sip is just a perfect brew, too. Never any aftertaste or bitterness. I am so happy to have found this!! Thanks Wolfgang! I have now ALL of your kitchen gadgets cookware and now the coffee too!
Best K cup around. A must try!  Amazon ships quickly and in one piece. I'd recommend the coffee as well as going through Amazon to order this coffee from.  Thank you for a great experience.
Usually do not get the breakfast blends but it was on sale and decided at price would try it out. It was not as weak as some breakfast blends tend to be. Not bad.
Wolfgang Puck definitely has the best coffee for the money.  I absolutely love the French Vanilla.  The KCup actually makes a good full cup of coffee.  it could be a tad stronger but overall it is really good.  I still prefer the Senseo Pods to the KCups though.
Jamaica Me Crazy has a slight overtone of cinnamon that is a very nice compliment to the taste of coffee.  The flavoring is strong enough to taste, not just smell, without overpowering the flavor of the coffee.  Very good.
I drink my coffee with a splash of half-and-half.  Other hazelnut k-cups are too bland for me.  I much prefer Wolfgang Puck's excellent rich roast with definite -- but not overpowering -- hazelnut flavor.
Definately not what I'd expected with the Wolfgang Puck name on it.  To me, Wolfgang Puck has conotations of a heavy, dark-roast European-style coffee.  I thought I'd already found my perfect coffee in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001D0GV68">Timothy's World Coffee, Breakfast Blend for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a> but this one edges it out.  Smooth and balanced it really is great from the first sip till the last drop.<br /><br />There will never be a coffee that all coffee lovers will agree on but if you like a light-medium roast, give the Breakfast in Bed blend a try.  Very low in acidity, someone who can't tolerate the acidity in coffee may be able to enjoy this blend.  But, be aware and contrary to popular belief, light roast coffee is typically higher in caffine than the dark roast coffees, the extended roasting to produce a dark roast burns away some of the caffine. This one will definately get you going in the morning in a good way.<br /><br />Those who prefer a dark roast or extra bold should probably look elsewhere.
Taste is good but in my opinion coffee that has been decaffinated should be required to have such info clearly visible warning in big red letters before I mistakenly rely upon it to get me going in the morning.  Small print on the bottom of the box (I mean 6 point font) tells this.  Several mornings of splitting headaches could have been avoided . . . this caused me to check several other flavors online and none of them say anything one way or another about caffeine. I don't know how to avoid this for other products but this info should be clearly stated on every coffee for sale.
Too bad no one else had reviewed this before my purchase. It's not bold or dark enough to stand up to the Keurig's 3rd button and tasted a little tangy for my liking.
This coffee says medium roast but is actually a little stronger.  We loved it and it has become our favorite.  If you want some coffee to "caffeine you up", this is the one for you!!  Also, Wolfgang Puck's Breakfast in Bed is great...not so strong!
I can't remember when I've had a cup of coffee so delicious, I immediately wanted another cup.  There is no bitter taste, no funny chemical taste you get with so many flavored coffees, no odd aftertaste.  It's just a mellow, gorgeous, hazelnut-with-a-touch-of-the-islands cup of coffee.  Outstanding.  My favorite I've ever tried, and I've tried most!
This is very good coffee, but it doesn't have as much flavor as the Van Houttes creme caramel.  If your looking for something that has a lot of flavor, go with the other.  If you are looking for something that is more coffee than flavor, this is it.
By far,this is the best flavored K cup coffee I've ever had. Good body, not bitter, no flowery aroma (like with the Green Mountain flavored K cups). I like my coffee a little stronger than Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut, but it is certainly a fine, medium bodied,coffee I could drink over and over.
These K cups are wonderful! We were pleasantly surprised with the low acidity and smooth flavor! The Rodeo Drive K cups are on our top five K Cup list!
While looking for a top rated vanilla K-cup, I stumbled upon this combination flavored cup that was rated higher than any of the vanilla flavored cups at that time.  I took a chance and ordered a double pack from Amazon and was pleasantly surprised. This is a rich tasting medium/light roasted flavor that appeals to several coffee drinkers at our house. There is a hint of built in sweetness so that additional sweeteners are not necessary for those of us who don't care for super sweet coffee. I would classify this as a medium roast and tastes best with the medium sized cup selections on our Keurig Coffee Brewer<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GTR2F6">Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System</a>. People who prefer extra bold coffees would need to use two of these K-cups to make one extra large travel mug of coffee.<br />  That said, we have found that mixing this flavor with other flavors to make an extra large serving is a most enjoyable pastime at our house. The most popular combo's so far are Jamaica me Crazy with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00395DVQS">Van Houtte French Vanilla K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a>, Hazlenut<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00395574M">Van Houtte Hazelnut Decaffeinated K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a> or Costa Rican<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HKZZ4I">Van Houtte Caf&eacute;, Costa Rica Tarrazu (Light Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>. In the end, This is one of the most versatile flavors for those of us who have frequent visitors and several palettes to please.
Bought this during one of Amazon's Friday Sales.  Did not find too many reviews since these are fairly new.  Took a chance and am very pleased.  We like our coffee rich and strong and this one delivers.  Great tasting dark roast coffee!
This coffee is surprisingly delicious. We never had a problem with the k-cups bursting; maybe it is a defect on the coffee brewer..? This coffee is a bit less strong than we normally prefer our coffee but it makes up with great taste. Look forward to my mug every morning. Would definitely recommend it and will buy it again.
I personally did not care for the coffee, too mild for me and a little "nutty" flavor in it.  I will stick with Tully's Kona and House blends, also Emeril's Big Easy bold.
Exact same as the ones bought at the store only a lot cheaper. Recommended for any Keurig drinkers out there.
This is my #1 favorite coffee. Blending of hazelnut and coconut are perfect.  Thank you!!<br /><br />Question:  why was I charged postage on this brand when I have never paid on any other brand of K-Cups from Amazon
If you like your Keurig you need to try this K-cup.  Smooth taste with just a slight hint of flavor.  Not overwhelming like some brands.  My new favorite.
This is our favorite k-cup coffee, it is strong - and taste great (although it seems that many of the k-cups) have nearly the same overall taste...
More than a "hint" of coconut! Not very much vanilla. Being a vanilla fan and NOT a coconut fan - this is OK.
This is a good tasting K-cup from a guy who drinks coffee black and prefers a bold, full flavored taste. I would recommend.
I love using K Cups!  Although I have tried so many "bad" coffees.  I have finally hit on one dark roast coffee that isn't bitter and has a wonderful flavor.  You don't have to try them all, this is a perfect blend coffee.
Ok - so this is the best flavored coffee ever.  No after taste that seems to always occur w/flavored coffees & its not even really flavored, it has hint of coconut taste but it really still tastes like coffee just the best coffee ever... mmmmmm... add honey.. yummy!!!!!<br />Highly recommend!
Wolfgang puck k cups are under the radar - their coffees are smooth and delicious and Jamaica Me Crazy is my fav and the best coconut flavored coffee on the market. Island coconut is quite poor in comparison.
I've always hated the Peete's or Starbucks burnt-bitter taste. This is a great blend, still strong without the burn roasting.<br /><br />FYI, low quality beans are burned to hide it's bad taste.
I like the darker roast coffees and this fits the bill.  This is every bit as good as Deidrich and Tulley's but typically costs more.  I guess Wolkgang wants a cut.  If you catch it on sale, buy it.
This coffee is a lot like the Green Mountain Nantucket blend.  If you like that, you'll like this.  Generally, the GM product costs less, but this was on sale.
It was as good, if not better, than I was told!  Great taste!  I will puchase it again.
Probably because it doesn't taste like coffee.  It is flavorless.  I saw the good reviews and thought I'd get a couple boxes and now I'm stuck with a bunch of k cups that I don't want to drink because I'd rather literally drink any other k cup I've ever tried.  As you can see I'm not a fan of these k cups.  These are the worst ever.
...I will drink this if all other coffee options are exhausted. The coffee has a vanilla/coconut smell but after a sip or two, I can't drink it. Would not purchase again and I'm having trouble even giving it away. I expected more from Wolfgang Puck.
I love caramel and was excited when this arrived. But I AM SO DISAPPOINTED. Hardly any flavor at all, of coffee or caramel
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
This is an excellent full-bodied coffee without a bitter taste. In general the Wolfgang Puck coffees are quite good although a little more expensive than some of the other K-Cups.
As always, I LOVE this coffee, it's about the only kind I buy for myself.  The turn around time is terrific.  When I have about a week's worth of cups left, I order and have the next batch in perfect timing.  Very happy with everything about this product.
This coffee is a smooth, yet robust taste that does not have any bad after<br />taste. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXJJ28">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Rodeo Drive Blend (Medium Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>
I have tried many brands of medium roast coffees however, this is my favorite. Some I've tried are bitter; some are too light; some are too strong; but this one for me is just right! Some brands more than others come in all puffed up and when punctured, the grounds filter out into the needle of the Keurig coffee maker and has to be cleaned which isn't difficult, just annoying. Never had a problem with these.  Breakfast in Bed k-cups are smooth, not too light and not too strong, right smack in the midddle. No bitter after taste either and perfect any time of day. Enjoy!
Sometimes we have a problem ordering the k-cups because they are way too strong for us--even if you order medium blend.  This coffee was great--just right!  It was a smooth blend, and was perfect for a morning cup of coffee--or anytime!  Would definitely order again!
...or the good reviewers' taste buds are weak.  This is some disappointingly<br />weak coffee.  I'm not some crazy "gotta have my jet black sludge to get<br />through the day" coffee drinker - I'd say my favorite (and my wife's) is<br />Caribou Blend.  This blend is WEAK, it can't hold half-and-half or even<br />just whole milk without being wiped out.  Now, I will say I brew it on<br />the "large cup" (9.25 oz, I believe) setting on our Keurig, so maybe it's<br />a bit better on the 8oz setting, or even the small setting.  But Caribou (we<br />also like Donut Shop, Green Mountain Kona Blend 10%, etc.) can be easily<br />brewed on 9.25 and hold a good bold taste.  This coffee doesn't<br />hold a CANDLE to any of those.  Now I'm stuck with 40+ of these. Blech...maybe<br />the guests won't mind it! :)
Good description of this product. Has the over roasted popular coffee flavor, but, not overpowering. One of my favorites so far.
I ordered this by accident and I'm so happy I did. This is a new favorite of mine. It's nice and strong without being bitter.
NOTE: This one is better for me at the smallest cup setting, which makes it stronger.<br /><br />This is my first time to try Wolfgang Puck coffee. I have mixed feelings about it so far. The Rodeo Drive Blend is a little more 'bland' than I'm used to, which is great for people who prefer that. It's just a different taste, which is good or not-so-good, depending on each person's preference. Personally, ever so often I take a sip of Rodeo Drive Blend and think that it almost tasted like dishwater. Then that goes away and I enjoy the rest of the cup of coffee. I think that reaction is because it isn't as strong and bold as I'm used to, but it's pretty good. I can see that some people might make this their favorite because it is different.<br /><br />Will I buy this again? No. It's good, but it's not my preference, and I might as well buy the ones that make me rave on and on about how good they are, usually Tully's French, Kona, Italian, and House. Those may be too strong for some people, and the Rodeo Drive Blend does have its own unique taste which may really appeal to some coffee drinkers. As with most things, actually a little more than in most things, with coffee, it's a matter of taste and probably a matter of what you are in the habit of drinking. You may want to try this one, especially if you can find it in a sample packet, or do like I do, keep the rest for guests to try.
I really love this coffee, great tasting and bold.  However, on about 1/3rd of the pods, the foil separates from the cup and blows grounds into the brewer and my coffee cup.  I can usually predict which ones will do it because the foil on the k-cup is not puffy like it has pressure, but flat and wrinkled.
It's coconut flavored, either you'll like it or not.  I was actually surprised since I'm not a big fan of coconut, but I liked this coffee.  Not my favorite, but nice on occasion.
My friend says she loves this coffee and has never been able to find it in the local stores where we live.  Aha, she did not know that Amazon sells just about anything you could want - no tax and free shipping.  What could be better.
hazelnut being the household favorite favorite, I thought I'd give these k-cups a try. The flavor is smooth and delightful. I suggest trying this brand for your k-cup machine!
This is good, but could be a bit stronger in the Hazelnut flavor. It is good though and I would purchase it again.
I love the taste but have found that many of the cups explode!!  The glue on the side of the cup becomes undone and then the cup explodes.  Very hard to clean up.  Do not think I will buy this brand again!
I love Jamaica Me Crazy coffee. This version is flavorful, the price is pretty good, and it sure beats the office pot coffee that sits on a burner for hours. Fresh coffee, fast!
This is less of a "bold" flavor and more of an acidic and bitter coffee. My wife is easy to please and she's not a fan. I'll finish the box but I reach of others first.
This coffee has become one of my daily favorites.  It's not quite as strong as many of the french roasts, but it's also not as bitter.  A good way to start the day.
This is my favorite so far amongst the Wolfgang Puck K-Cups. The word that comes to mind when i sip it is "Bright". It has a natural sweetness and good flavor, without being overly heavy. The packaging lists it as a Medium Roast, but i'd put it more towards the light end of the spectrum. It's a very enjoyable cup, and i'd recommend if you are looking for something to switch up with Green Mountian's popular Vermont Country Blend or Breakfast Blend.<br /><br />I generally haven't been impressed with the Wolfgang Puck flavored varieties (Vanilla Francaie, Jamaica me Crazy), but this regular cup is quite good.
I have had all of the various Keurigs since they came on the market for home use. Thus,I have tried pretty near all of the various k-cups. This is one of my top 5 favorites. Love the coconut in it, and the wonderful coffee flavor. YUM!!!!
This coffee was not what I expected but enjoyed it greatly.  I was looking for a stronger vanilla flavor but after trying it I enjoyed it a lot. It was light and smooth and left no aftertaste.  I would recommend this to others.
I like Columbian coffee and this is above average with a good dark color with a nice smell.  The taste is bolder than average but not unpleasant or bitter.  This is my "strong" Columbian coffee combining all the good things of the type with a bolder taste.
smooth.  I normally drink dark roasts but purchased this on a lightning deal (or maybe a friday sale).  I like it.
The coffee is just OK. It's very mild, almost bordering on weak. Would buy it again if the price was right.
I've tried every bold k-cup and this is one is one of my favorites.  Very nice flavor and strength.
Bought this on the recommendation of my son.  Not a big fan of flavored coffee, but a cup a day of this lightly flavored coconut coffee puts me in the islands.  How can you go wrong with Wolfgang Puck?
This coffee says Dark Roast & Extra Bold and.... IT ISN'T! It's weak and barely beats out a cup of Folgers.
We have a Keurig coffee maker. One of the side benefits is the opportunity to experiment with different K-cups. I have already tried half a score. Some seem pretty tasty at first--until one taste something that is even better. Some early K-cups that I graded highly don't compare too well with later brands that I have tried.<br /><br />Wolfgang Puck's Columbian Dark Roast Noir is one of the better products that I have tried. It has a bold taste, although not strongly so. It is also smooth tasting.<br /><br />It is now on my short list of possibilities for my first morning cup of coffee. So, I am pretty happy with Wolfgang Puck's product here.
This is my favorite coffee flavor and I have not had it in a long time.  Forgot how delicious it was until we ordered the k-cups.  Love them, already ordered more.
We've only been using the k-cups about 2 months.  Both my wife and I like our coffee bold.  I've been guided by amazon reviews and started out with Coffee People's Jet Fuel.  Although that is still my favorite, I got this French Roast on a Friday sale and would say that it's my new second choice.  I have also tried Coffee People's Black Tiger (a close third) and Kona (not a fan).  This is a nice, well-rounded every-day cup, more on the bold side but not wincingly so.
The flavor of this coffee is good, it has a nice balance of Vanilla without being too strong.  It's not the boldest coffee, but it's a nice afternoon treat.<br /><br />That being said, I have had problems with several pods.  When you hold them up to the light, you can see that there are grounds outside of the filter portion of the pod.  This causes a cup full of grounds when you brew the coffee, and also clogs up the pin at the bottom of the pod chamber.  I'd say about 1 out of every 5 or 6 pods has this problem.
I love the taste of this coffee but in my last order of four boxes about every other K-cup has a tear or rip in the internal filter and thus the grounds flow through into the cup of coffee which wastes the value of the coffee as drinkable.  Wolfgang needs to correct this flaw in packaging.  I will not order again because of the waste.
I bought this coffee for my Keurig coffee maker and I really like it. Smooth  and the best thing it is an organic. Wolfgang uses the the best beans for his coffee's. Buy you will be pleasantly surprised.
great tasting coffee. strong, but not obnoxiously strong and no nasty aftertaste. too bad, it cannot be purchased on subscribe and save anymore.
This is the best all around 1st cup in the morning coffee ever!  I love it.  Perfect flavor.
By far the tastiest coffee I have purchased from Amazon.  Sorry it isn't in the Shop and Save any longer.  Delicious!!!
Love this blend, so was delighted to find it on your "Subscribe & Save" program (at a better price<br />than w/Keurig.  So REALLY disappointed to learn today it was no longer available on said program.<br />Shame on manufacturerer!
I have tried about 25 different K-Cup flavors, and this is my favorite.  It has a wonderful aroma, and just the right amount of Hazelnut.  Use the subscribe option, and this is a deal that can't be beat.
I admit, I like my French Vanilla coffee to be heavy on the vanilla side.  This isn't.  It's a much stronger coffee brew, meaning more sugar and creamer is needed to tone down the coffee flavor.  On the other hand, it's a reasonable alternative if my preferred brand (Van Houtte) isn't on sale or when it's occasionally out of stock.  I like that it comes in a 2-pack because our family goes through a lot of k-cups and I don't have to order quite so often.
I buy these with subscribe and save.  I like the flavor and aroma.  Going on month two and I am not tired of them yet!
I was very excited when I received a Keurig coffee maker as a Christmas present, & couldn't wait to put it to use.  However, in the three months since I've had it, I have struggled to find what I think is a good cup of coffee.  Most of the brands I've tried have either been too weak or too strong.<br /><br />I am not a "Starbucks" kind of coffee drinker, or fan of fancy flavored coffees.  I just like a regular cup of coffee that smells good when it's brewing, & tastes smooth when I drink it.  Finally, just like Goldilocks said, this one is "just right".
One of the weaker flavored coffees but a yummy one.  Almost no need for milk as it is already creamy tasting.
This coffee is awesome.  Kinda bold, with a sweetness.  Excellent my son says with International's Carmel Macchiado creamer you can find in the dairy section.
The coffee was great. Spent some time in Jamaica and got to love the coffee. Nice to get in back home as well.
I got this with the purchase of 24 different bold coffee k-cups to find the ones I like best, and so far this is my favorite. It may not be bold enough for some, but it is not supposed to compete with the 'extra bold' varieties. This was smooth and not nearly as bitter as many bold coffees. So many bold blends have a 'burned' flavor, leaving a bad taste in your mouth, this one was strong without the bad aftertaste, perfect for me!
I like full-bodied coffee and to try something different to supplement the standard one I use.  This coffee was perfect for that purpose. Timothy's Rainforest Expresso is still my standard one...but I will order this again.
Creme Caramel is by far my newest favorite!  Great coffee flavor, not too weak, with a wonderful caramel aroma!
I drink alot of coffee and love hazelnut coffee, this brand has the best flavor I have ever tasted. I have bought several different brands and this one is the BEST! It may be a few dollars more but it is worth it. I absolutely love and enjoy it every morning.
10 years ago my daughter brought home Creme' Brulee' for the first time. It was perfect, beans to be ground.  Since then I have searched for ANYTHING similar. When I realized I couldn't find it, she had forgotten what one she purchased.<br /><br />This one has a strong flavor, but it tastes fake with a strong after taste. Unfortunately it is one of the better ones.  If anyone reads this and knows what ones (Carmel and Vanilla), taste great, please post here.
I REALLY like the taste of this coffee! My only complaint is that the coffee grinds end up in my coffee. Not a huge fan of that and even though I really like the taste of it I will not order again, bummer!! =(
My favorite, I have it auto shipped through Amazon. The only problem I have is I drink way too much coffee now because I like it so much.
This is one of my favorite K-cups.  It's a rich dark coffee without the bitterness of some.  Highly recommended.
I thought the coffee tasted fine.  It was not strong enough for my husband.  Several of the pods burst during brewing.  I probably won't purchase this again.
This is my favorite of the flavored coffees. I am not usually a fan of coconut but this coffee is deliciously coconutty-chocolaty! Love it!
Yummy, mild, and delicious. My new favorite! Mild in comparision to coffees called "rocket fuel" and taste like motor oil, but truly a medium roast. Pleasant in the morning. Makes you glad to have a good cup of coffee.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are great and the Creme Caramel is one of my favorites. I would recommend this coffee for people who like a mild flavor.
I thought that because of the name attached that I would be wow-ed...its just a good average coffee nothing spectacular.
I bought this coffee because several people who also liked my favorite (Jet Fuel or Emeril's Big Intense Bold) liked this one. Typically Sumatra is one of my favorite coffees as well.<br /><br />I am wondering if they made a bad batch or gave it the wrong label.<br />It is **NOT** bold.  It is extremely mild and smoky tasting.  Not a single member of my family liked it and that's very unusual.<br /><br />I'm going to contact the company to see if they'll exchange it or refund me.  It is THAT bad.
As coffee in general, this Wolfgang variety was alright. However, I was expecting a "Creme Caramel" taste, or something similar, and I don't feel this delivered. I tried multiple cups at different cup sizes and this coffee just didn't do it for me. It is marketed as a flavored coffee, yet I could not taste anything beyond the flavor of coffee.
I prefer mild to medium coffee and I've tried so many different k-cups but I'll stay with this one the other reviews were right on , smooth and not any bitterness. Just a great cup of joe. With amazon prime it came super fast, if you're not a prime member I strongly recommend it.
This is a good French roast coffee, although it could be a little bolder. I've never before had a k cup dump the contents into my cup. It's extremely irritating to deal with grounds in the cup and machine when deliberately choosing a system that avoids the mess.
I am having a blast with my new Keurig machine - trying out a bunch of new flavors including the Dark Roast. It's nice and flavorful - particularly since I run each of my cups through the small cup brewing cycle 2 times to fill my large mug.  This works.<br />Tried the chocolate donut flavor the other day and loved it.<br />Love the convenience and bargain prices of the subscribe & save.
I am impressed with Mr Puck's different blends, this one is a favorite of ours. It lives up to the "medium roast" name, full bodied, not acidic and smells great while brewing, will buy again.
Great Deal - GREAT turnaround!  What a difference from other orders I have placed with other vendors!  Got the package the day after I ordered it!
If you like vanilla flavored coffee, this is it!! I put a french vanilla creamer in and no other sweetner is needed. I have it every day and I'll always order ahead so I don't run out.
This coffee is Bold and none of the bitterness that is usually found in bold coffee's.  It also scored exeptional in the single serve coffee ratings and I concur.  There is a lot of dreck out there in K-Cups, this and Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut are great!
I got this is a low cost alternative to my normal Jet Fuel and it just didn't measure up. I like strong coffee but this had a bitter taste that I just didn't care for. Also, 3 of the cups had some sort of malfunction and dumped their grinds into my cup-not sure why.
Very smooth and flavorful for a medium roast.  I was pleasantly surprised by this k cup and would get it again. The 25% off deal drew me to it and I'm glad.
This coffee is not a true medium roast like Caribou French Roast, Donut House, etc. there was not much coffee flavor at all. I found it to be so weak in flavor that not only did I have to go down a brew size, but I also have to add less milk just too drink it. I will never buy it again. Wish I didn't have 45 more cups to go thru!
I ordered Wolf Gang Puck's k cups, largely because of his reputation and my experiences at his restaurants, both of which are good. However, when I drank my first cup of the Breakfast Blend, I tasted no coffee...it was as if I was drinking hot water. I was very disappointed and will purchase only those k cups which I know to be good. Sorry Wolf Gang, this is a sleeper!
This is my favorite of all the coffees I've tried. Smooth and flavorful without being a flavored coffee, its a definite treat anytime of day.
I was expecting a mellow caramel flavor, but this coffee is a bit sharp and you really can't make out any carmel flavor.
This is about the strongest K cup I've purchased.  I like my coffee strong, and before buying a K cup coffee maker, always purchased French roast whole bean and brewed strong coffee.  Brewing this in a K cup machine at an 8 ounce cup will definately provide you with a strong cup of coffee.  Since I brew a cup for my wife and I at the same time, I run two 8 ounce cups with one of these K cups into a small decanter, and then pour into two coffee cups, which still yields a strong flavor, but not enough pop your eyeballs out...<br /><br />Of course, brewing two cups with one K cup drops the price down in half, which at less than thirty cents a cup is on the cheap end of K cup brewing.  I find most K cups are good for up to a 12 ounce cup, and 16 ounces would weaken them too much...  But this works for my wife and I since I have been fixing a cup for each of us for years, and brewing two cups with one K cup is economical.
I am only drinking it, so it won't be wasted, and I have to rotate it with a Coffee People product, so I remember why I like coffee.  It is really wan. The strongest flavor profile is tin.  I love creme caramel and am a huge WP fan, but the flavor strenth and consistancy of this coffee does not impress. Choose another - you won't be sorry you did.
My favorite coffees are the big dark roasts like French, Italian, and Full City.  This K-cup dark roast has a big, bold flavor, but lacks balance.  The level of smokiness, bitterness, and acid are way too high, and the result is not enjoyable.  I liked the dark roasts. for the Keurig from Green Mt, Newman, and Donut Shop much more than this one.
I want this coffee in bed every morning, just like it's name "Breakfast in Bed".  I ordered this 24/2 box shipment on the automatic 2 months plan.  I used it up way before the next shipment so I changed the plan to every month.  Now is looks like it's out of stock.....ugh....I hope it comes back soon.  It is a delicious choice!
This product takes getting used to.  Only after using about 3 K-cups did I start liking it.  However, I wouldn't buy this many again.
I'm loving this coffee!! It's smooth and bold but not too bold. It reminds me of starbucks coffee but not as bitter. Very very very good cup of coffee. Give it a try. I'm really glad I did.
I love Wolfgang Puck products but the coffee is very disappointing.<br />There is a weak flavor - almost tastes diluted!<br />Some troll must have changed out all the real Puck products!<br />Libbie
This is the 1st K-cup coffee that I am getting grounds in my coffee. It is occuring about every 3 cups. I have not had this problem with other K cup manufactures. I will not reorder.
Until I tried Vienna Coffee House, Donut Shop was the one I had on automatic monthly delivery.  Vienna Coffee House is a tad bolder than Donut Shop but very smooth without any bitterness.  From the first cup, I knew I had to switch.
Of all the K-Cups I have purchased so far, I like this French Roast the best. It has a really bold taste even used with the large-cup button. I like other coffee selections too, but this one really stands out.<br /><br />I consider myself an early adapter and the Keurig coffee machine is one of my best purchases. Although the coffee is somewhat expensive at $.40-.50 a cup, there is no waste, no pot cleanup, and, best of all, great coffee. I usually get up earlier than the rest of the household and can have my great coffee almost instantly without making a full pot that can go sour before all being drank.<br /><br />I notice that regular retailers such as Target and grocery stores are now carrying K-Cups, but buying online costs less and is more convenient. pjs
I don't drink a lot of flavored k-cups, but people have been raving about Wolfgang Puck's k-cups, so I gave this a try. It's definitely a good quality flavored coffee with a medium body. Overall, I have enjoyed several cups of this and have temporarily shelved my Timothy flavored k-cups in favor of this one. I sometimes add sugar free vanilla syrup, cream, and cinnamon. It's excellent that was in place of dessert. I also tried caramel syrup added to this... don't do it. It overwhelms the flavor.
I love coffee with no bitterness and lots of good coffee taste and this one fits the bill. Holds up well to milk & sugar-I love it in the morning for the first cup and in the evening just as much. Definitely would buy it again.
I bought a 24 pack of this an drank almost all of them before realizing what the flavor reminded me of. It tastes like hotdog water.
I love, love, love, this coffee.  It's easy on my stomach yet it has a rich medium roasted flavor which, in my opinion is not bland at all.  It's such a delicious cup of coffee.  I have told everyone about these, I've even converted Green Mountain lovers over to Wolfgang Puck Rodeo Drive brand.  If you like your coffee fully flavorful and delicious, but not too robust or bold, this coffee is for you.  I have tried MANY K-cup brands, Tully's, Green Mountain, Emeril's, Donut Shop, etc... and this brand is equal to Green Mountain, possibly even a bit BETTER. :)
It seems the flavor selection on Amazon has been limited these days to some variation of hazelnut, french vanilla or chocolate so when I saw this one, I thought I'd give it a try.  Never having had Wolfgang Puck's k-cups, I was hoping they'd be as good as the Wolfgang Puck coffee I've had in hotel coffeemakers that were a part of my room but alas, I was mistaken. I wouldn't say it's the worst I've had but the flavor is pretty weak and the coffee itself is too.  I feel like I'm drinking coffee that's been made with grounds that have already been perked.  In other words - the flavor seems to be already squeezed out of them and I'm getting leftovers.<br /><br />If you're looking for a weakly flavored coffee that doesn't really taste like much of anything, this is your pod.  If you're looking for better, richer flavors, stick with Green Mountain which sadly Amazon doesn't seem to carry anymore except through third party vendors who want to charge $60 for a box!
This is a fantastic decaf coffee. My parents love decaf but there aren't many out there they enjoy. We've been drinking Timothy's decaf Colombian and we bought this to try it. Fantastic! I would definitely buy this again and again. It's smooth and not bitter. It's not super strong so don't expect it to be like a cappacino. This is a really great Colombian cup of coffee. You won't miss the caffiene.
I like my coffe of the milder but tasteful side.  I thought this was a great cup of coffe I compare it to Timothy's dounut shoppe.  Full flavor but not acid.  This is for people who want a lighter cup of coffee
I tried a double boxes of this when the Donut Shop  coffee I usually order was unavailable.  While the coffee is pretty good the cups suck.  A full 1/3 of the cups brewed are undrinkable.  They are slow to brew(coffee maker has to work very hard) and even then the cup retains an inordinate amount of water.  Checking some of the cups that left grounds in the brew showed that the filter was not properly installed.  They could sell these at half the price listed and you still would pay too much due to all the wasted coffee.  I believe we all have experienced a defective cup here or there but these are way beyond acceptable.
Jamican Me Crazy is the best coffee.  It is not too strong and has a unique taste.  No complaints here.  Highly recommend it.
I like bold coffees and should have trusted the other reviewer who said it wasn't strong enough. This one has a watery finish to it and not very much flavor.  I'll be going back to Emeril's Jazz'd Up Decaf and trying the Coffee People's French Roast Decaf.  So far I've loved everything by the coffee people except the organic blend.  If you like strong coffee don't buy this but if you like a weaker coffee that you can see through you'd probably enjoy this one.
This not only tastes great but has the best aroma while brewing. Subscribe and save is the way to go.
I love this coffee!  I am not a strong coffee drinker and this coffee is perfect!  I have no problems with it working in my Cuisinart Keurig Brewer, I aways get the perfect tasting cup of coffee.<br /><br />I gave it 3 stars because one of the 2 packs contained only 13 K-Cups and not the 24 that it was supposed to have.<br /><br />The decaf 24-count (pack of 2) arrived with the correct amount of K-cups and is as yummy as the high test!
trying out different pods and this is a delicious one. service was excellent. no hassle at all. will buy from again
I wasn't sure what to expect with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but I am pleased.<br /><br />The Sorrento is a good medium roast.  It is a bit darker of a roast than some of the other mediums out in Keurig-land, but it isn't bitter.  There's just a little of something chocolatey in the flavor.<br /><br />My only complaint is that this coffee, like most of the Keurig cups that don't say "extra bold" on them, they brew up pretty weak if you do a larger mug.  I typically brew the 9.25 oz size, and on these guys I bumped it down to the 7.25 oz size.  If I brew it in the larger cups, it just comes out too weak.<br /><br />If you are one who feels that K-cups usually make weak coffee, you will think that these are really weak, and be tempted to brew 'em two at a time.  This coffee is not plain or unflavorvful -- there's just less coffee in the K-cup (or rather the normal, not extra-bold amount), so it brews up weaker.
I like this coffee, its nice to drink it in the morning. It has medium body and full flavour. Goes great with raw sugar and splash of non fat milk.
This was the nastiest flavored coffee I have ever had in kcups. I purchase many different kinds of flavored coffee and caramel is my favorite but this one made me gag. It smelled like buttery cheese and the taste was not what I expected. I will stick to gloria jeans and timothys flavored coffees. This was my first wolfgang puck kcup and will be the last I order of his brand. I thought maybe I got a bad cup but I brewed 3 and I opened the other box and tried those since it comes with two boxes and same nastiness.
I'm a sucker for caramel anything.........love the flavor, the aroma, and most important the taste.  I honestly do not like flavored coffees in the morning, but I have made an exception for this one!
I am trying many different coffees to see which one's I like best. This coffee was good, but a little stronger than I had expected. I know it say's extra bold, but others I've tried have not been that "extra". I ended up putting it on my larger cup setting and it was perfect then. There was a little after taste, but not much more than other coffees. I would recommend it if you like stronger coffees, but it is not as strong as an espresso. I intend to purchase this again.
I thought it had a bitter orange flavor, however my husband and friend liked it.
We have tried just about every k-cup of regular coffee out there.  We don't do the flavor kind.  My husband loves the GM brand most of the coffees are mild (even when they say medium roast)...I go for a little more on the medium roast like the some of the Tully's and Caribou brands.  It used to be that we were always ordering the same brands, once we liked a certain one.  But I ventured to try the Wolfgang Puck line.  While this flavor is touted as a medium roast, it seems to be more on the bold side with a little bitterness.  It is still not a bad coffee, just not as good as the "Rodeo Drive" or "Breakfast in Bed" k-cups which has no bitterness.  I must say though, we have now added the latter 2 flavors of Wolfgang to our buying ritual.
I like a dark rich coffee and this is a tad different.  It seems much smoother and<br />I tend to nearly crave it when I have a slightly acid stomach.  It sounds odd and<br />I know I drink too much coffee but this fills that acid tummy niche.
Tried this for the first time this week and it is now my favorite coffee --with a hint of flavor (coconut). Full bodied, and no after taste, Jamaica Me Crazy is just what I love for an afternoon pick-me up, or to wake up and have an immediate smile on my face. Seriously -- It's Awesome! Highly Recommended.
My husband likes strong coffee.  I like medium.  Neither one of us like this particular one.  There just isn't much flavor of any kind...coffee or caramel.  We like the vanilla one much better.  We'll drink this until it's gone...but it's the last flavor we choose, and it's lasting way too long!
The taste is fine, but the K-cup container has opened at the seal during the brewing process on more than one occasion, resulting in a mouthful of coffee grounds!  I have never had this happen with any other brand of K-cup before and hope it is not the norm for Wolfgang Puck.
I prefer the "extra bold" coffees, so this one really lacking on the flavor.  It's fairly weak, at the smallest cup setting its drinkable, but I won't be buying it again.  I'd recommend the Timothy's World Coffee, Rainforest Decaf Espresso instead.
Wolfgang's Reserve Columbian Decaf is probably the best decaf we have had in a K-cup. Very good cup of coffee!
This is a coffee that I look forward to drinking as soon as I wake up! Very nice......
Light vanilla favor....not overpowering. Nice coffee, the first box that was purchased was too light on the vanilla flavor and aroma....surprisingly the 2nd box was much better.  One of my new favorites.
We love our Keurig coffeemaker and have tried many coffees.  Recently discovered Wolfgang Puck's new line of coffees and are pleased with all of his we have tried.  This one is smooth with a great flavor, no bite.  We would purchase this again.
This is a mild but delicious coffe....some might say "a dessert coffee". I really liked it as a pleasant change from full bodied flavors.
Was looking for a strong K-Cup that could hold up for the perfect Espresso and for a great cup of coffee! Now receiving on auto ship, if you're looking for a great bold K-Cup, this is it.
I read several great reviews on this coffee on another site and decided to give it a try. It's now one of my favorites and I will be ordering it again. The taste is great, sweet but bold enough that I can do a large size and it still have flavor.
Great coffee.  Has a nice bold taste for a medium roast coffee. This is my new favorite. Give it a whirl.
I bought a two pack at the Friday sale for $20.  Reasonable, but not an amazing deal.  I've been pleasantly surprised by the taste.  I do like the Van whatever flavor French Vanilla K-cups, and this contains significantly milder flavoring of a good tasting coffee.<br />I would and have served it to company and highly recommend serving with milk or cream.<br /><br />If you like flavored coffees, you'll most likely enjoy this one.  If you like it plain and black, you'll probably hate this.
Nice medium coffee blend that has a hint of vanilla and a touch of sweetness.  If you like <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HWI700">Emeril's Vanilla Bean Bam!, Medium Roast Coffee for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a> or <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHJ03I">Gloria Jean's Coffees, Cappuccino for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)</a>, you should like this blend.<br /><br />I drink this as an afternoon or dessert coffee with a splash of milk and a sugar packet.<br /><br />4 Stars because I would like just a touch more vanilla flavor.<br /><br />1/21/11: we ordered another box of this coffee and the vanilla flavor seemed to be a little stronger than our first box.
Taste is okay.  Not blown away.  Hidden is the fact that this is truly a decaffeinated coffee.  Only place to find this out is on the bottom of the box.  Not what I want first thing in the morning.
I am not a fan of flavored coffee and I thought I had read the description of this product very carefully but nowhere did I see any indication that it was a flavored coffee. I wish the descriptions of the coffees offered by Amazon were clearer so that there is no confustion as to what you are purchasing. Even the name of the product is a little deceptive since one might assume that it is Jamaican coffee.
I use to purchase Jamaica beans locally and it was great. This Jamaica me crazy is nothing close to it. The odor is terrible and it tastes like the coffee is flat or stale. Other people in household tried it and couldn't get past the first cup. Pitched the remainder cups in the trash.
This coffee tastes very flavorful and is not too strong, but I have to say it almost ruined my months' old Keurig Personal Brewer. The coffee is ground so finely that when the K-Cups are punctured by the needles (top and bottom), it gets packed into the needles and also sifts out through the holes made by the needles, going into the coffee cup creating a very nasty "sludge" in the bottom of each cup. I purchased a pack of 2 (48 K-Cups) and didn't even use one full pack. I do not recommend this brand or blend. It is a waste of money, which is something I couldn't really afford at this time. I sent a letter of complaint to the Wolfgang Puck company and, except for a "cookie cutter" letter acknowledging receipt of my comment, I have not received any further contact from them.
Unfortunately, I'm much too frugal to throw away something I've spent perfectly good money on, so I'm continuing to use these suckers until they're gone (hopefully in a few weeks). I thought I was buying a decent brand of coffee, given the Wolfgang Puck name, but alas, I was wrong. Using the middle cup size on my Keurig coffeemaker, these k-cups make a weak cup of coffee... more like brown water. No taste, no nothing. I switched to the smallest size cup and it's marginally better, but still barely drinkable. I wouldn't serve these to guests EVER. I can't wait to be done with these boxes of junk so I can order something with some taste. Please don't waste your money.
this was terrible coffee Wolfgang Pucks Jamaicamecrazy, I received a partial refund but felt I should have gotten a full refund as I can't drink the coffee and had to throw it all away. Also had to pay shipping and should not of had to. I would like a response to this.
I found the taste and strength of this coffee just right for it to gain the honor of one of my "go-to" coffees for my Keurig.  Not too strong or bitter, I rather enjoy the flavor.  Sadly with the recent "K-cup coup" staged by Green Mountain Coffees, it looks like Amazon isn't carrying the Wolfgang Puck coffees any longer and my Subscribe and Save (and my business) will need to go elsewhere.  Definitely give this coffee a shot if you can.
The aroma is pleasant, and flavor is nice and smooth, but it is very, very weak.  I really wanted to like this one as there are very few available on subscribe and save, but I just cannot recommend it.  Even making smaller cups it is very weak.  I'm going to stick to Newman's Own Organics Extra Bold as my go to k-cup for now.
I had tried Green Mountain Sumatra Reserve and found it delicious and strong. It's not available on "subscribe and save" so I read the reviews and opted for Wolfgang Puck. My husband likes it and I like the flavour but it's very weak in comparison to the Green Mountain. I have to order something else for me.
We love Hazelnut coffee, but this just didn't have enough coffee flavor in it for me. Kind of on the weak side in my opinion. I'll keep looking.
Love this coffee! The aroma is as delicious as the flavor. My husband would typically have a cup of coffee once or twice a month, now he's having a cup several times a week.
I admit, I am not terribly fond of flavored coffees. But, this one is not for us. We both love the Rodeo Drive. I have a good freind that loves this coffee. I sent her ours.
I found this coffee to be great at first, but as I started having it more and more I came to detest it. On the large setting the coffee is WAY too watery. Also, the flavor is very, very overpowering and kind of tastes like bananas.<br /><br />It is a pretty good mid-afternoon or evening desert coffee, but other than that it is kinda gross.
I am definitely not a coffee connoisseur, but this stuff is bad.  It is a disappointment because I expected a Wolfgang Puck product to have more "class."  This tastes artificial and it can't stand alone without tons of cream and sweetener.  Will not buy again!
Really?  Who blends this stuff and decides that it is good?  Ugh.  I can sum this nastyness up in one quick phrase.  Stale airline coffee!  If you like that flavor, then you will love this one, if you don't like thin cardboard soaked, never washed the pot out, and the water came from a tin canteen, flavored coffee, then you won't like this one either!  I would give this zero stars if I could.  WOW, likely the worst cup of coffee that I have ever had.  I hope Wolfy reads this as his name is on the package and I expected more, now I know not to buy any of his signature products, awesome, thanks for saving me $$ next time!  The package says Extra Bold, but it doesn't taste extra bold.  It's almost like they put some ground instant powder in the mix to make it stronger.
The coffee tasted bitter and like it was burnt.  I cleaned the machine and it still tasted bitter and burnt.  Will not order this again.
I'm amazed that people are happy with this product.  I'm not a drinker of the dark brews, French roast or anything, but even for a drinker of a milder cup of coffee, this is completely tasteless.  The initial scent is delicious, too bad none of it shows up in the actual coffee.
I got this through a Decaf Keurig assortment pack (also from amazon) and while I have enjoyed all of the flavors - thisone was so weak - I had to post a review.
To me this coffee was extremely bitter.  I dumped it out and made a different cup.  It made me afraid to try other WP coffees but I did like the WP Sumatra Kopi Raya.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
Coffee is a very subjective thing.  Some people like coffee that borders on tea, others like the stuff that a certain national chain named after a famous Battlestar Galactica pilot serves.  For the record, I love the slightly-sour taste of Dunkin Donuts coffee and I find the stuff made by "that other chain" to be akin to re-hydrated cigarette ash.  For many years, we still percolated coffee...with most big-name brands of pre-ground coffee, you needed a percolator to bring out the flavor in it, but again, your tastes may vary.<br /><br />With my Keurig, my favorite coffee was Paul Neumans Extra Bold....because it didn't seem Extra Bold.  Until you buy 80 of them and get tired of the flavor.  Then, my favorites were the Caribu's....but something happened to that brand (see reviews) and I agree, they did something...either they don't put as much in the cups or they changed the blend, the sourcing of the beans, etc......wasted money on Caribu and wont go back to the brand.<br /><br />So Wolfgang Puck got the nod, tried 4 different flavors.  This one, Sorrento, is not my favorite of the bunch (currently Colombian Chef's Reserve).  It has a bolder strength (which I believe hard core coffee drinkers would consider Medium), but to me it has a simple burnt flavor to it.  Cream and Sweetener don't correct for this, and thus I'm a bit disappointed....but again it was a stab in the dark.<br /><br />I think if you prefer a slightly bolder, slightly more burnt flavor in your coffee...this may be for you.  I like the character of the Colombian Chef's Reserve, but it is not as strong, and perhaps that is just what my taste is slanted towards.  I don't believe you can get a bad cup of coffee in the Wolfgang Puck line however.  Can't say the same for some other K-cup brands.
This Wolfgang Puck Coffee Jamaica Me Crazy is the worst coffee I've ever had!<br />I threw it out right away after one sip! It taste like all coconut flavoring.<br />Hard to believe someone thought this taste good and was marketable. They should be fired!
Ugh... no where on the Amazon page for this item did it state that it was Hazelnut flavored.  I have been choking this down for a month just trying to get through it.  Thought it was going to be a Blue Mountain-like Jamaican coffee...
This coffee is only mediocre in quality. I do not like a highly acidic coffee nor do I like it when the coffee outdates within 6 weeks of the order date. The only reason I am not more dissatified with this lousy coffee is that I paid very little for it by using a credit I had at amazon payments. I do not recommend this coffee.
It is a medium roast pleasant coffee, comparable to green mountain's breakfast blend. I bought it with a very good deal though.
If Keurig brewers were evaluated by this particular K-Cup, Keurig would be out of business. Wolfgang Puck - French Roast Melange Francais is inexcusably terrible coffee. Aroma hints of singed oak leave and the top note is simply bitter.  Mid taste is like the bottom ounces of a days old Kwiki-Mart carafe.  Mouth feel is harsh and leaves an appalling coating. The after taste leads one to immediately brush ones teeth.  I simply couldn't believe my Keurig was capable of making such a bad cup of coffee, so I tried again a week later with same results. I use average-to-good filtered water and have no problems with other brands like Green Mountain, Tulleys, nor Emeril's. Everyone I know that has a Keurig learned of it via word of mouth or a shared cup. Usually the results are stunning, and the Keurig invasion lives on.  When I share I'll stick with offering The Coffee Peoples' Black Tiger or Jet Fuel. Now I have 22 more WP/FR K-cups sitting in the bottom draw of my china cabinet to get rid of. Let me know if you want them, as I'd be embarrassed to even give them away.  Sorry Wolfgang, but what the Puck - your French Roast is unpardonably horrible, and at K-cup prices I'll not be duped again. I'll stay away from any of the other WP offerings.
This stuff tasted like pipe tobacco smells. My Son didn't like it either and I ended up throwing it out.
Simply Awesome. I love bold coffee and love French Roast Brews. This is a truly wonderful FR blend. Dittos for Deidrich FR, both are awesome.<br /><br />I also tend to like the BOLD COFFEE PEOPLE KCUPS...Most all I've tried have been bold and flavorful, each with it's own distinct flavor.
I got the coffee for 12.50 per box.  Ordered 4 boxes!!  Such a great deal, as the coffee is a great blend.<br /><br />If anyone is upset because of the website having issues when they were trying to buy it, they shouldn't review the product poorly, as it is not the product that is the problem.<br /><br />The problem is that you're jealous you didn't get such a great deal on the coffee.  Grow up kids, this coffee is great!!!  Will buy from Amazon.com, LLC again for more K-Cups for my Keurig.<br /><br />ALL OF MY COFFEE ARRIVED PACKAGED WELL AND IN NEW CONDITION, NOTHING WRONG WITH IT!!
Highly recommended for those who appreciate a good dark roast coffee, Wolfgang's Sumatra Kopi Raya excites the flavor buds and ignites one's morning... always a good start to any day.
Ok...TODAY 4/15 this company decided to put them up for sale at 12.50 per 24pk...  This advertisement was on SLICKDEALS.NET<br /><br />Well... Went to order and refreshed the page and in my cart was now 1 at 36 dollars???? so they sold one out of my cart.<br />Next.... I waited 20 mins to see if it was a fluke and SD.NET started claiming dead link.<br /><br />Well upon refreshing again... they were now 44.95 for one 24 pack...<br /><br />Hey RIDICULOUS SELLER..... GET WITH THE PROGRAM ...IF THIS IS YOUR WAY OF RECOVERING QUICK MONEY...I THINK PEOPLE ARE MUCH SMARTER THEN THAT UPON PRESSING CONFIRM MY ORDER>..... ROUND OF APPLAUSE TO YOU FOR BEING SO UN-TECH-SAVY
No thanks.  Kind of bitter and has slight overtone of cardboard.  Organic Bold and Donut Shop are still our faves.
The worst!!! it is just plan awful bitter and strong and you cannot taste the Hazel Nut flavor at all!!!!!  Do not buy this product save your money!!!!!
K-cups are marginally better than good coffee that I can buy at the store for 1/2 the price or less. This product was offered at $19.95 and I was willing to purchase it but it immediately went up to $26.95. It is not really worth $19.95 and is certainly not worth any increase. Additionally, what's the deal on offering INSTANT COFFEE in K-cups for $15.99 leaving us to think it's a good deal on REAL coffee. Do you want to lose our trust (business)???? That's a good way to do it!!!!!!!!!!<br />jb
I thought this coffee was really horrible. Had one cup and will throw the rest away because it can't be returned.
I ordered the vanilla coffee for my college age children.  Unfortunately, there were shipping delays and it did not arrive until the kids had returned to college for the Fall semester.  Update to come when they finally come home for a break -- it may be a while.  The other coffees I have ordered have all been tasty and a very good value, I have no reason to believe this will be any different. I can say that the k cups and the Keurig have been delightful.  I enjoy having a freshly brewed cup every time and like that I save a bunch of money by brewing at home into a travel mug rather than stopping to drop $2.00 for a cup on the way to work.  Saves all those styrofoam cups too!
I bought both the Creme Caramel and this Hazelnut kcup and I couldn't tell them apart even if my life depended on it... The flavor is pretty weak and the coffee itself is too and unlike the Caramel one, this one has a nasty bitter aftertaste like the flavor is artificial.  Yeah, I know it's artificial but I hate that it actually tastes like a chemical!  Yuk...<br /><br />This is one of those coffees you can serve to company who doesn't know good coffee or people you don't want to have come to your house any more as one cup of this and they won't be your friends after it!  It really is quite bad.
Definitely not extra bold...medium roast at best.  Not particularly memorable...doesn't have a good coffee aroma...but it's pretty decent tasting.  At this point I'm not sure if I would reorder.
this coffee has a very funny taste to it not good you would think wolfgang it would be good dont buy this coffee this is a review of 6 people there are 6 people in my shop we all hate it not good
I'm not a coffee snob. If I was, I doubt I'd own a Keurig. I just want a decent tasting cup of coffee with little cleanup.<br /><br />I've tried many of the flavored coffees, but they're too gimmicky for me. Starbucks brand tastes burnt to me, even their blonde roast -- in stores I mean, I have not tried the Starbucks brand kcups.<br /><br />I like this breakfast blend because it's not too dark, not too light. It tastes like what no-frills coffee should taste like. I order the biggest size to get the best value.<br /><br />Update: I just tried to create a review for the "Jamaica Me Crazy" coconut flavor, which I thought was terrible. (And I *love* coconut.) I should specify that the original review was for "Breakfast in Bed."
I was so excited to try a new BOLD coffee.....needless to say, I am disappointed. I would rate this coffee as a MEDIUM. If it would have been listed as a MEDIUM, I would have given it a higher rating because this is truly a MEDIUM strength coffee in taste and flavor. I will still drink it from time to time- flavor is smooth, not bitter. Overall, I wish that I would have ordered some more Jet Fuel or Black Tiger.
I do like this coffee, but even with Subscribe and Save, Amazon's price is higher than K-cups at Bed Bath & Beyond.  Convenience is one thing, but since there are BB&Bs all around me, it's pretty easy to pick up my coffee there and save a few bucks.  I wish Amazon would price their coffees more competitively - I'd buy here exclusively if they did.  But this is good, medium roast coffee.  Not quite as strong as I'd like, but a little stronger than the Breakfast in Bed version.  I may need to try Sorrento and see if it's a little bolder.
So here is another example of a 48-pack of k-cups I bought "untested".  I figured, well, I really enjoy Sumatra's bold, smooth and rich with a bit of bitterness flaver, so why not?  Wolfgang puck has a few restaurants, so maybe he knows coffee.<br /><br />So, this is utterly average in all departments.  It's not very bold or rich, although I can say it does have the bitterness, which is a bit unbalanced as it lacks the richness.  Purchased only because it appeared on the Subscribe & Save at a great price per k-cup.  That makes two WP's that have been run of the mill at best [Sumatra & French roast].  Next time I'll be more discerning.
I really like to mix things up with k-cups and rarely buy 50-ct boxes of a single flavor.  Exception to the rule would be for dark, bold coffees such as French roasts, which I really enjoy.  So when Wolfgang Puck's French roast turned up on Amazon's deal of the week, even though I have never tried before, now I have 48 units.<br /><br />It's fairly non-descript for a French roast.  Decent aroma, but taste is muted compared to, for example, a Diedrich French roast.  I don't hate or even dislike it, it's 'okay', and for the price I paid, is acceptable without complaint.  It may make an acceptable guest coffee for those wanting something a little bolder without being over the top rich.<br /><br />I'd call it mildly bold, average, and I won't be going out of my way to keep it on hand.
My favorite K-Cup so far. Absolutely NO aftertaste, which in my book is a huge plus. It's not acidic, not bitter, just a great MILD cup of coffee, which is exactly what it purports to be! I wish other people would read the description before they give a bad review based on their own stupidity. Don't buy a MEDIUM roast coffee and complain because it's not bold! Also, as a general rule the ones with "Breakfast" in the name are milder. I don't care for bold, dark roast, slap you awake coffee so I wouldn't buy a bold coffee and then complain that it was bold.
I've read so many reviews on the many brands and varieties of K-cups... coffee preferences are so subjective.  I did like the flavor of this coffee -- bold but not bitter.  As to "strength" I wish that there was more coffee in each K-cup... I am accustomed to Starbuck's strength, and I have to set my Keurig to medium-cup size to get the strength I need.  This is not as cost-effective as -- say Jet Fuel (but I found Jet Fuel too bitter.)<br />If Wolfgang Puck would add more coffee to its K-cups, this would be a perfect coffee for me.
Wolfgang Puck's "Breakfast in Bed" is a much more flavorful and robust medium roast than this one.
This coffee has a very tropical taste to it, so it's perfect for iced coffee on a hot day.  The flavor is not bad when heated, but it just seems a little odd.<br /><br />You don't usually think of tropical beverages being hot.
We have been enjoying our order of W.Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya dark roast coffee K-cups for the last week.  We find the delicious flavor very satisfying...not so strong to be bitter, and not so weak as to taste like colored water.  The coffee is perfect. There is just the right amount of heartiness to make it an enjoyable coffee experience, and it carries a nice lingering pleasant flavor and aroma.  It is not as strong as an espresso, but maybe one step below.  Like we said, "pleasant, smooth, and flavorful!"
I am not a fan of any of the decaf k cups I have tried but this one is probably the best.I like strong coffee and his comes pretty close to what I would expect although it says medium roast.
I was intrigued how this particular blend got such an exotic name, and I wasn't disappointed.  There is an ever so slight coconut aftertaste that makes this so delicious,  I don't like strong coffee, and this is perfect for my husband and I.  I get it send regularly now and it's one of our favorites!  Second only to Jamaica Me Crazy by Wolfgang Puck.  Wolfgang is much tastier than the other brands.
I tried this coffee on a half dozen quests this weekend and they all loved it.  For those that like their coffee mild, I brewed 7 oz cups.  For those of us that like it bold, I brewed 5 oz cups.<br /><br />As an earlier posted noted, it does have a slightly flavored quality to the taste that makes it stand out from other coffees.  The taste isn't obvious enough to turn off drinkers who want their coffee "regular and black" but strong enough to note for those of us that pay attention.<br /><br />I plan on trying all of Wolfgang's line.  Wish he'd offer a variety pack.
This is not regular coffee as the description would lead you to believe... it's artificially flavored, and it appears from the other ratings that you either love the flavor or hate it. My household hated it. Of course, that would be my problem if the description was accurate, but it's not. Amazon refunded my money and said someone would check the information on the product page.
I just got my box today and brewed a cup after work. It's one of my favorite k-cups yet!! I recommend it. Smooth, doesn't taste watered down, and no bitter aftertaste. The cups also look pretty in my k-cup rack :-)
Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut is the best K-Cup Hazelnut and I have tried them all. We ordered this large pack, because we sadly found out that Wolfgang Puck is discontinuing many (not all) of their K-Cups, including this flavor. Buy this while you can!
So far, of all the decaf Kcups we have tried, this is our favorite.  Wish it were on the automatic ordering system.  Coffee is such an individual like or dislike but when we use it with an 8oz cup of water it is great.
I bought the Kuerig because I love the Dunkin Original and Green Mountain Nantucket Blend.  Rodeo Drive has now become my favorite.  It is very delicious and smooth.
When I feel that I do not need more caffine, I have found that the Wolfgang Puck Decaf is a great substitute.  I really can't tell the difference, taste wise.  I had been having trouble finding a good decaf.  I think this one is it.
Sometimes I feel when I reach for a decaffeinated K-cup that I'm going to settle for less flavor. However, I'm completely happy with this product. I don't feel I'm missing anything. Everyday I treat myself to a relaxing cup of coffee after work before starting dinner. This product just fits  what I'm looking for.
I got a 5 k-cup sample box of this coffee from Keureg, and I find that it is my favorite decaf coffee. It brews a smooth tasting cup of coffee every time. I add some 1/2 & 1/2 and a bit of Equal, and it is a treat any time.<br />Glad to have found this coffee.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are very good. This particular flavor of decaf is delicious - doesn't taste like decaf at all, very rich & flavorful. Also, this was a very good value for the price. I've recommended this product to several friends.
My wife and I have decided hands down, this is our favorite K-cup. We've tried a lot of others, and Donut Shop and Caribu Daybreak are certainly still up there. However, this has a very solid body flavor with a medium roast. Almost a bold flavor with a smooth finish. Excellent flavor versus strength. Really nice to get up on a lazy Sunday morning and have a nice cup of Breakfast in Bed!<br /><br />Also, I see another reviewer had problems with messy K-cups. I can say after about 6 boxes of theses, I haven't had any issues. Very unfortunate for the other reviewer, but looks like it was rather isolated.<br /><br />Give it a try, you'll certainly enjoy it, the wife and I sure do!
First, let me say that I prefer extra-bold K-Cup coffees and only occasionally drink a medium blend, and never decaf. I bought three Wolfgang Puck coffees several months ago: Rodeo Drive Blend; French Roast; and Sumatra Kopi Raya. All three are quite drinkable, though they do not measure up to a few of the extra-bold blends from Coffee People: Kona Blend; Organic Blend; Jet Fuel; and Black Tiger. Even better than these, though, is my new favorite, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003M7TTYG">Green Mountain's Revv</a>. Those who prefer a strong, dark cup of coffee (even at the larger mug setting) should try that brand.<br /><br />Previously, I had found the dark-roast Green Mountain coffees rather boring, but Revv lives up to the hype, both in strength and flavor. Another great Green Mountain coffee is their Espresso Blend (though Amazon doesn't stock it, so the prices tend to be higher here than in brick-and-mortar stores such as Bed Bath and Beyond). Finally, a favorite regular over the years has been <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004M5W7YQ">Emeril's Big Easy Bold</a>. It's a very nice coffee, though don't expect the New Orleans experience of chicory flavor.<br /><br />Bottom line: You won't go wrong with the Wolfgang Puck coffees, but for my taste they do not stand out among the available bold coffees.
I am usually a non flavored coffee drinker, but I do like to mix things up every now and again. This is a lightly coconut flavored coffee. The coffee itself is a medium brew and it goes well with the tropical undertones of the coconut. It is a nice summer drink.
I love quite a few coffees but this one is grabbing my whole households attention. It's not bitter but it's not light either. It's perfect. I love it.
I switched to Decaf and was looking for a decent cup on the Keurig machine.  I was only interested in Subscribe and Save options.<br /><br />This is a fairly light roast, which I like.  I brew on the middle setting and I think if it was brewed any larger I would think it was too light.
Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them.  Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers.  Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good.  It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee.  Try something else instead.
Absolutely love Wolfgang Puck Rodeo Drive K Cups.  It is the best.  Nice rich flavor but not too strong.  Best one yet!
I have purchase this coffee several times my husband said it has a great taste and it is a good cup of coffee
I am a huge fan of Jamaica Me Crazy coffee.  There was a time in my life when I was totally caffeine free and off the dark stuff, but a customer in the bank I worked at brought in a pound of this coffee as a gift to the tellers.  Every time someone walked by my desk with a cup of this freshly made joe, the smell would really tempt me to go back to consuming coffee again.  Eventually it broke me down, and I am back to being a full time coffee drinker, and proud of it! Imagine how happy I was to find my favorite brew in a K-cup!  The only thing better than a cup of Jamica Me Crazy is a cup sweetened with the new Almond Joy flavor International Creamer in it to highlight the sweet coconut.  Unfortunately, we only have a Keurig at our office (I'm in Real Estate now), so I have to go to work to enjoy a cup.  I'm thinking I have a brilliant boss who knows how to get people to willingly show up to work! Now if I can just figure a way to use it to temp more buyers into our office - I'd have it made ;0)
I bought this grudgingly because my favorite Timothy's Italian Blend was out of stock...... and I was very happily surprised! It's not as "big"  and winey a brew as my favorite, but was flavorful, had a delicious aroma and was smooth. I tend to like rather potent coffee but I have clients who prefer a little lighter cup..... this will be perfect! I will happily keep buying this coffee. Thanks Wolfgang!
I think this is a love it or hate it kind of coffee.  I love it.  The flavor starts out similar to butter toffee, but then sort of morphs into coconut, pineapple, and rum.  I think it's delicious and unique, and I don't ever want to be without some in my cupboard.
This one will not disappoint!  I got this yesterday and my husband and I tried it this morning with breakfast and we both loved it.  I have gotten many different kinds of the k-cups to try but after trying this one, I think I could be happy with just this one and black tiger for those mornings when I want a really strong cup of coffee.  The rodeo drive blend is delicious with a nice round feel on the palate and an interesting flavor on the finish with just a hint of smokiness.  Perfectly balanced and absolutely wonderful!  Plus, I have to admit...I love the label. The different color looks very appealing on my carousel with the other k-cups.
We've tried many of the K-cups that are available, and this is in our top 3. We prefer a darker, bolder flavor, and this one hits the mark. At the same time it's quite smooth.
My husband I both like a mild tasting coffee.  We thought we would give Wolfgang Puck Breakfast in Bed a try.  We were pleasantly surprised by the full bodied taste but without the bitterness of some of the stronger tasting coffee's.  We are very satisfied and will be drinking this for a long time!  Now if I can only get my husband to take the name literally!
This k-cup is one of my favorites along with Coffee People's Jet Fuel and Black Tiger.  If you like a strong, rich coffee, this will fit the bill.
Not too strong, not too weak...smooth without the bitterness.  Great anytime for those not into the strong "grow hair on your chest" types.  We will continue to purchase this as a part of our favorite brands.
Wolfgang's Rodeo Drive does make a good ole cup of coffee. It is on the same line as Donut Shop. Very good morning coffee to wake up with.
The coffee was more on the light side rather than medium roast.  I don't think I would purchase it again even though it was a good value purchase.
I have tried several decaf K-cubs and have found this to be the best. My husband does not like decaf but has finally found this one he will drink because it has a little bolder taste.I find it a good coffee to have in the house for company because everyone seems to like it. I will be ordering it again and again!
This coffee is for those who like a strong robust flavor. Nothing wimpy about it. I like just enough cocoa mix and creamer to take off the edge. My husband goes for the gusto. Great wake-me-up-in-the-morning brew. Love it!
This is an excellent blend perfect for any time. Was really surprised by the quality, flavor and finish.
As coffee, these kcups are just ok.  As "flavored" coffee these are disappointing.  I found the vanilla to be barely detectable.
After receiving this coffee I made a few cups.  It was fairly smooth, not too overpowering, and had a slight mocha aroma.  It's OK coffee.  I likely will not purchase this one again because there are so many better ones.  To gauge my review for others, my favorites are Coffee People Donut Shop, Green Mountain Dark Magic, Coffee People Organic Bold, Emeril's Big Easy Bold, and Tully's Kona Blend.
Nice, smooth cup of Joe. High recommend. Not sure why there is not more reviews?!?!
This coffee was in a "sample" selection when we ordered our Keurig Brewer.  It was by far our favorite!  I have ordered this coffee several times from Amazon.  It is a dark roast, but not too strong.
You get a consistent cup of coffee with a hint of hazelnut. A cup of hot coffee in about 20 seconds that tastes great... what's not to like about that?! :)
These have a stronger caramel flavor although still a medium strength coffee.  The best caramel flavored K-cup I've tried!  I will reorder them.
I want to try other types of coffee but I am so stuck on this one that it's hard to try anything else!  This is a mild roast.  Medium or dark roast is too strong for me these days.  The hazelnut flavor it very nice and every cup brewed is superb.  I have been drinking this Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut for at least 6 months and it never fails to please.  Give it a try :)
love this Rodeo Drive it has a very drinkable taste is also good and it is smooth! I recomend that you try this one.
This is the most delicious coffee ever It does not mess up your stomach it's amazing and tastes wonderful and everyone at work loves it too
For years, I've been completely devoted to Dunkin Donuts brewed at the store and at home.  I tried brewing DD in my K cup and I also bought the Eco Brew and the actual DD k cups.  Awful!  So I was searching high and low for a new coffee.  After trying all the decaf k cups on the market, I finally found and loved Wolfgang Puck decaf coffee k cups.  This is the only place I can find them so I hope Amazon never stops selling them here.  They are mellow, medium roast and I enjoy them every day.  Any other brand is just a back up.  Try them.  I have never had any trouble with any of the cups and I'm on my third order now of 48 cups.  If they had a problem, they've fixed it.<br /><br />This is an update being done on July 7, 2012.  I continue to drink at least two cups of this coffee EVERY day.  It has ruined me for other coffees as I measure every other cup against this incredible Wolfgang Puck Decaf k cup.  Please, please, PLEASE Amazon, make this part of your subscription service.  My head hurts trying to make sure that I always remember to order so as not to ever be out of this wonderful coffee.
I really like medium strength coffee but this is a little too bold to be considered medium. It is almost bitter when compared to other medium coffees.
Great product to start your AM with as its not too strong but just the right tast for your morning wake us up.
Our Keurig coffee maker was a great Christmas gift last year. One of the pleasures of this device is the experimentation with various coffee blends. Some have worked well; others have not. Some are too mild; some are a bit "off" on taste.<br /><br />This Wolfgang Puck product is one of the more successful experiments with the Keurig machine. It has a rich taste and still remains smooth. Not too strong a flavor, but it does have flavor.<br /><br />So, the two coffee drinkers in my household are quite pleased to drink this brew.
This coffee is okay but certainly not as good as Green Mountain's Breakfast Blend. It just doesn't taste as good.
This is a great flavored coffee nevertheless, K-cups are getting too expensive for everyday home use.  I am now using the filler and using my own ground coffee much of the time. It's also helpful to look for other price alternatives.
I roast my own Colombian beans at home so I have a perfect "10" for reference. Right off the bat let me say that just like their Sumatran reserve, this k-cup is not bitter, but smooth. The aftertaste is also smooth. My chief complaint is it does not taste like a Colombian bean. It really is missing the deep flavor of a columbian coffee, while the Sumatran Puck K-cup definitely has a Sumatran taste. The "8 oclock" brand you see in many grocery stores has a more distinct flavor than this k-cup. That being said, my final recommendation is that I would recoommend the Puck Sumatran over this if you like a distinct coffee flavor. However, if you are looking for a not-too-stong-but-not-bitter coffee, this Colombian is a great choice. I would buy this again just because of the smooth taste.
I've always been drawn to K-Cup varieties with out there names (Jet Fuel, Black Tiger) and distinctive flavors (Golden French Toast, Spicy Mayan Chocolate). This offering melds those two features into something I'm happy to wake up to!<br /><br />To me, Jamaica Me Crazy's definitely got a pervasive coconut taste fairly similar to Dunkin' Donuts coconut flavored coffee, but it's also got a lot of the flavor characteristics I've come to expect from K-Cup chocolate brews. Barely any of that acidic aftertaste that's almost inevitable with artificial flavors, and definitely not as watery as many other K-cup varieties. Sure, the name's pretty corny and the taste is hardly subtle or sophisticated, but that's what makes this cup of joe so fun!
My Pomeranian loves these treats... he eats one every morning!  They do smell a little, but that is probably why he loves to eat them. I've ordered these many times and never had a problem with them being opened when they arrive.
My girl has loved these for two years.  When the local retail outlet, Trader Joes, no longer carried them-we found the manufacturer.  This is one of the few treats Wilhi Girl enjoys.
I purchased two of these and they arrived with the package split and the items all over the box. I contacted Amazon and they sent two more out, these also arrived with the packages open. Amazon was very courteous and professional as always, I cannot review the item itself because the packaging is so horrible that I have given up on trying again.
SORRY, AS I STATED ON MY OTHER REVIEWS MY GERMAN BREED, G.SHEPH. IS VERY PICKY...AND HE JUST DID NOT CARE FOR THE SMELL OF THESE BEEF ROLLS, HE DID NOT EVEN CARE TO COME CLOSE TO TAKE 2ND SNIFF....SORRY, NO STAR!!! BUT IT TRIGGERED ME TO GIVE IT AS LEAST 1 STAR TO CONTINUE MY REVIEW.
I purchased this cassoulet for my wife's birthday dinner. I never tried this brand of cassoulet before. It was delicious. The sausage was excellent. The duck was good. The general flavor was superb.
Excellent quality pet food with no inert ingredients, filler or potentially unhealthy meat by-products. I used to have to travel several zip codes away to buy it, and it was well worth the trip to give them food I was confident was of the highest quality. My cats can't get enough of it and the price is very competitive, especially if you are a Prime member.<br /><br />Still in doubt? Try this test:<br /><br />Open a can of your current cat food and smell it.. then compare that to any flavor of Merrick. It won't turn your stomach.<br /><br />When it says fish, there are huge chunks of -you guessed it- fish. Not a weird extruded-looking grey or stinky brown paste that you could mistake for what comes out the other end, but actual food in a can. Speaking of which, the post meal 'litter box stink' period is dramatically reduced as well, as is fecal volume. Less to clean :)<br /><br />Give it a try.. remember to mix it with your old food for a day to two to ease the transition, but your cats will thank you for it.
My cats are more enthusiastic about Turducken than just about any other cat food. They literally lick the plate clean. Even my LaPerm, who usually just gives me "silent meows," manages to squeak out an audible meow when I start putting this on a plate.  The ingredients are much higher quality than many brands, too (no by-products, corn, etc.). I will be ordering more.
licorice  has  no  flavor very hard  to eat it was in a seal  bag  but  it  hard  not soft like other  licorice
I like the Senseo coffee machine and believe that it can make very good coffee. However, I have been disappointed with the Senseo coffee pods that are made in Belgium by Douwe Egberts. The pods are not individually wrapped and the coffee often does not taste fresh. The pods also contain too little coffee which results in a weak, watery brew. The flavored Senseo French Vanilla Caramel Bistro Coffee Pods seem to me to be better than most Senseo blends that I have tried. In general, I prefer to buy pods from Timothy's World Coffee. The Timothy pods contain almost twice as much coffee as the Senseo pods and the resulting coffee is superior, in my view. I have found that the Timothy pods will work well in the Senseo machine if the pod is moistened and smoothed before latching the lid. I use the single pod holder and make a 4 ounce cup. If you must use the Senseo pods made by Douwe Egberts, try this blend.
Coffee pods used to be sold in Safeway and Target etc. stores in my area. In the last year the pods have not been stocked in favor of the new single brewer style K-Cup. While I can locate many sources on the internet I have found that quickest delivery at a reasonable price is buying Senseo from Amazon.<br />Mostly a French Vanilla drinker I find the taste is consistant, the packages keep fresh for months, (I typically buy 72 pods per order). The pods work very well in my Bunn 35400.0003 Coffee Maker Tea Brewer Single Serve Pourover. I wish every item I purchased was as easy reliable and quick as these coffee pods.
These pods are rather bland. I purchased them because I thought they would make a nice dessert coffee. They do not taste much different than regular coffee pods. I would not purchase them again, nor do I recommend them.
I purchased these pods using Amazon's subscribe and save program for the first time this year.  The order was received promptly and the pods were fresh and very flavorful.  I have used this flavor coffee pods since January 2007 and have not been disappointed ever.  Hopefully I will be able to continue receiving them from Amazon.
Have a senseo coffee maker given to me a few years ago. For more than a year, could not find pods sold any more in local supermarkets - even at the big W. Just happened to come across them at Amazon & went on auto-ship every few months for additional savings. I have always liked the French vanilla so no problem there. Still like fresh brewed better but if you want a quick cup of coffee,these are perfect. I'm just happy that I did not jettison the coffee maker & will next look for the Sumatra pods, my other favorite.
I enjoy flavored coffees.  French Vanilla is a favorite.  I only wish Senseo would offer more flavor varieties. It would also be nice if a variety of flavored coffees could be sold as a pack of 6 (example 3 hazelnut and 3 French vanilla or 2 of 3 different varieties). These pods are easy to use and cheaper than area store prices.  It's more convenient to purchase online.  Not all stores carry pods for Senseo coffee makers.
I just love the French Vanilla Coffee!  It is gives my day a great start! Easy to use, one cup at a time, with no waste!
I love Senseo Paris!  It's easy, fast and great-tasting, with never that chemical aftertaste of so many of the French-vanilla coffees.  Amazon is the only place I can find it consistently...so I have it on the subscription plan!  Thanks Amazon and Senseo!
This batch was horrible.  Since most regular coffee were out of stock, I tried this one.  It tastes and smells awful.  Do not buy this flavor.
Just read the reviews that said it had a chemical taste - I totally disagree. I think it tastes wonderful! I guess its all a matter of personal preference. I love it so much, I cant go back to the regular unflavored coffee. The only thing that's too bad is that it's artificially flavored. I care not because of the taste, but because artificial flavors are probably not too good for me. But I love the taste anyway! Senseo could easily use natural vanilla flavoring, it is probably more expensive, but they should do it anyway to give their customers a better product. Unfortunately too many companies today use non-natural ingredients in the quest for larger profits, which is a sad commentary. Senseo, you need to start using natural vanilla flavor instead of artificial for the health of your customers.<br /><br />But I still love the taste and cant drink any other coffee! The Senseo coffee in general is so wonderful. I've gone through two machines already. The frothiness of Senseo coffee is so delightful...its like cappacino froth only better. I use Silk Vanilla creamer too which gives it an even better taste (their product DOES have the natural vanilla flavor so maybe that is helping with the taste.) Then I always top off my coffee with cinnamon sprinkles which makes it even more wonderful!<br /><br />All in all, a great coffee and coffee system, just please start using natural flavor Senseo, for the health of your customers! You would probably have even more customers if you did. :)
Although it sounded delicious, I was very disappointed in this coffee. The coffee has a strange, chemical aftertaste ... cup after cup, not just once.  Even when it brews, it creates a chemical sort of aroma.  In fact, because our single-serve pod coffee brewer was new, I started thinking the problem was the brewer.  We assumed it was a left-over manufacturing plastic or metal aftertaste coming through in the water.  I even e-mailed the coffee machine maker (Bunn) to see how to remove the aftertaste.  Imagine our surprise when a month later we opened a new pack of pods (regular Colombian, not flavored) and were delighted that our machine makes great coffee.  When we made a cup of the Senseo Vanilla again -- back came the off-taste and aroma.  Perhaps it's the "artificial flavors" used?  Be forewarned!
Senseo Paris French is one of my favorite senseo coffee's always a great cup of coffee. Great price from Amazon!
It's so easy to order our favorite coffee from Amazon.  We love the taste of the coffee and ease in brewing it.
We go through a lot of this flavor.  Love the Senseo machine and their customer service.  Love the ability to use different flavors of coffee and tea.  Everyone can have their favorite in seconds.  We just use a lot of the French Vanilla.
Good taste, a little on the weak side especially since I mix it with half soy milk after it's brewed.  Delicious nonetheless.
Best coffee in the world.  I'm so glad I found it here because other stores had stopped carrying flavors-only regular.
The particular packages had an off taste. However, the seller gave me a complete refund and didn't even make me send them back. I have ordered this item before and they were fine.
This is the third Senseo brand coffe pod I have tried and it is my absolute favorite. I have tried Vanilla flavored coffees from several major gourmet coffee dealers and to me this coffee has the best Vanilla taste of them all. It is great to use in a single-serve type brew system or in a small 4-5 cup brewer [which is what I use]. The pod makes cleaning the brew basket a breeze and yet there is sufficient amount of grounds to give a good strength to the brew. I don't like my coffee as strong as some, so if I want more coffee I leave the pod in and simply run a quick second brew cycle. If you like your coffee "normal" strength you would likely use a new pod for each cup brewed. Also, this coffee is available in a "Subscribe and Ship Option", which is a wonderful way of assuring yourself of plenty of coffee at hand when you want it; just choose the frequency of shipment and leave it to Amazon!
Great coffee.  We mix it with Godiva chocolate coffee or regular medium roast.  What a treat
We have been purchasing this product for several months and have enjoyed it in the past, but this order is inferior.  Did the company change hands or outsource their production?
The Senseo pod coffee maker is my favorite appliance and Paris French Vanilla Caramel Bistro Coffee pods are simply the perfect blend of richness and flavor.  The taste isn't overwhelming or subtle, but just right.  This is the perfect way to start your day!
Senseo pods are getting harder to find, especially the Paris, vanilla/caramel flavor. I am happy to find these on Amazon at a very good price, especially at the subscription price.
My wife has one of the one cup coffee makers.  I used to make fun of her for the one cup thing but you know; sometimes I only want one cup too! The Senseo pods have good flavor.  I'd rate them a 5 star but if you use only one pod the coffee is a little bit weak for my taste. In the stores I have to pay over $5 when I can find the French Vanilla.  Buying them on Amazon in the pack of 6 was much cheaper, especially with the automatic re-order discount.
Phew!  Am I glad I found these Senseo Paris French Vanilla Caramel Bistro Coffee Pods!  All of my local stores either do not carry them anymore or are charging over $5 for one 16-count bag.  The 6 bag pack should easily cover the 3 month subscription time frame as I only use one pod a day.  The other great thing is that the package's expiration date is many months in the future so I know they are fresh!  I highly recommend subscribing to the automatic re-order system. Thank you Amazon.com!
Senseo is my favorite coffee maker.  Of all the coffee pods I've tried from Senseo and other brands, I keep coming back to Paris.  It is consistently a delight.  I've had trouble finding it in the market because of popularity and now, flavored pods are becoming scarce.  No problem.  I have my subscription to back me up and make it easy.<br /><br />I love coffee, and I do not drink a lot of it.  So I want something that is a delight, and I want to be able to have a supply available so when I run out, I don't have to go on a hunting expedition to get it.  This plan is perfect for that need.  You can skip a shipment if need be, or increase your order.  It is flexible, more cost effect than the stores, and reliable in availability.<br /><br />What more could you want?
So far this has been a great way to order my favorite coffee.  It has become really hard to find it at the local stores but Amazon had it even cheaper than I previously paid for it.  It arrived very quickly and I am waiting any day now for the next shipment.
The Paris Bistro is my 2nd favorite flavor for Senseo.It's a nice, mild flavor that does well for a late afternoon pickemup. I've enjoyed Senseo in Europe for years on my visits there and waited till finally, it was available here. I get my regular Douwe Egberts coffee at a local European Deli, only one in the Dallas/Ft. Worth metroplex that carries it (Henks). I think Americans expect stronger flavors in their coffee than the Europeans. This is mildly flavored, just the right touch.
Hi, coffee doesn't smell or taste great. I recommend Senseo Vienna. Still have packages of "Paris" and nobody wanna drink it. Guess I just have to throw it away.
I have tried other brands of French Vanilla coffee and this is the best.  Highly recommend it.
Nice flavor and great aroma while brewing.  Everyone is always jealous when I brew it at work.
if the house catches fire, I will grab my husband, amnimals and senseo.  I love the french vanilla coffee pods.  I use one pod and select the 2 cup option as I dont like strong coffee.  You will instantly fall in love with the foam that is on top of the coffee.  Use fat free/ carb free vanilla creamer and you have a mighty tasty cup of coffee!!!!
How many ways can you say "YUM!" ?  It's a delicious way to wake up in the morning--or to enjoy any time of the day.
I love the coffee pods... And I love the fact that Amazon sells them in bulk.... Thanks...
This is honestly the best coffee and the best deal anywhere.  Check out the local store prices on this wonderful coffee and you will know why amazon and senseo are so great together!
This is really the way to go. Add some creamer to further enhance the flavor of this blend. I signed up for a subscription to have this delivered every month. I drink some every morning at work. Works great with the B&D Home Cafe system.
The coffee I ordered is great.  If you want a sweet coffee this is for you.
We got our Senseo coffee maker through a promotion. I had always wanted to try it out. I purchased a variety of coffee pods and my husband and I tried them out. We have yet to be disappointed. We love it so much, we have told several people about the Senseo and they have gotten them as well. This is a wonderful product and we waste a lot less coffee using the pods instead of making a pot of coffee. In fact, I think we drink a lot more coffee we want to try all the varieties of the Senseo coffee pods. Pair the pods with The Barista Blend flavor packs, sit back and enjoy.
The pods arrived fresh and quickly after ordering them.  By ordering the coffee through the subcription program they are a good value.  The flavor is good, slightly bitter after taste to this brand of coffee.
Overall, this makes a great fast cup of coffee, especially if you are just going to add a flavored creamer or sweetener to it anyway.  I use two pods to make an 8oz cup of coffee and I am pleased overall with the strength.
They kept raising the price. The product was great and remained the same but they kept raising the price. This last order I have had enough and will be going back!
I'm not a coffee snob, barely drinking a cup a week, but my significant other needs a strong mugful every morning.  The pods and the Senseo machine are perfect for this; barely takes 2-minutes to brew.  The 6-pack box comes out to about 30cents a cup even with the added latte packets (60cents when two are used for a strong mug serving).  Wonderful aroma and works well with the flavor packets.  I'm hoping the money saved by avoiding Starbucks every morning will go to my potato chip addiction....
This is my first purchase of Senseo coffee pods. The package coming with the coffee machine is unflavored, so I went online to buy this French vanilla from Amazon. Price was surely attractive with this bulk purchase. However, I am not totally satisfied with the flavor, comparing this with what I got from other coffee vendors (e.g. the cafeteria in my office building). This French vanilla from Senseo is good, but isn't strong enough. Anyway, I am satisfied with this combination of price and quality and I will try a different flavor next time.
This is a great coffee with excellent flavor.  You can add an extra pod for a darker, more robust coffee.  The aroma fills the air as your cup is being filled.
I've been a huge fan of the Senseo coffee machine ever since I experienced one in France.  Upon returning home, I found one and have never looked back.  The Paris French Vanilla is my favorite, and I often receive comments from others that it smells like pancakes after I've brewed a cup.  Great stuff!
it is a good coffee flavor. I get it every 3 months. it is great to not have to think about getting the coffee. It just comes to the door.
As usual the coffee for the Senseo coffee maker is outstanding.  The French Vanilla has the flavor I prefer over the others.
I love these Coffee Pods! If you're into Heavy Cream, Heavy Sugar, Heavy Coco & foam in your coffee, you may not care. Smells wonderful, tastes even better. With the Senso Coffee Maker you can have a Cup of this great tasting coffee in about 1 Min. If you're into the above mentioned Fu Fu additives any coffee will do.<br />After this item being unavailable for a very long time, I assumed they had stopped making it. I was overjoyed to receive a notice from Amazon.com that it was again available, so I immediately placed my order. I was dissappointed to learn that I won't be receiving my order for a month. Oh well it's the Very Best, so if I must wait a month I WILL.
Excellent tasting.  Will have to remember to order some more later.<br /><br />YUMMO !!!
I love this coffee and it is so convenient to have it shipped to me automatically!
If this was called "Medium Roast", I would give it 4 stars. It's a good coffee.<br /><br />But this is called French Vanilla Caramel, and this review is based on the product's name.<br /><br />Let me say that vanilla and caramel are perhaps my favorite flavors... coffee, ice cream, candy, you name it... if it's vanilla or caramel, I love it.<br /><br />With the exception of this.<br /><br />Where's the vanilla? Where's the caramel? And don't get me wrong: I'm not trying to say that the flavors are too mild. I'm saying that they are NON-EXISTENT. And therefore, based on the name, this coffee gets 1 star.
Good but Folgers version is significantly better tastewise and so far amazon doesn't carry it. Good price though, and I like the free shipping--which I'm not certain will last. Having a huge supply of these on hand makes it's hard to make coffee any other way though!! This is just sooo easy!
So long as you have a pod type coffee machine, the Senseo Pods, in all their variations, make a good cup of coffee easily. If you drink one or two cups of coffee per day they are worth the price of the machine and the pods.
this stuff is terrific!  it's been at least 20 years since i have seen damson plum, jelly or jam, in stores in my area. the taste of AMISH MADE damson plum jam was just as i remember.  it has a smooth texture and is sweet without being too sweet. i will order this brand again.
This jam has little fruit taste. If you love damson jam this is not the one for you. It could have been any flavor. All you taste is sweetness.
If you have not tried this combination you really should totally awesome flavor mix great on roast pork or to just dip pretzels in or put it over cream cheese and use crackers<br />Would buy again great service and got here sooner than expected
This is the second time I have ordered from them, and again, the service was wonderful!  I was impressed with how well everything was packaged, and also with how quickly I received my order.  I'll be ordering again from them!  Thank you!
I'VE BEEN BUYING OLVATINE FOR 16 YRS FOR MY 7 CHILDREN TO DRINK. I BUY THE MALT FLAVOR AND NOW THEY DON'T SELL IN ANY OF MY GROCERY STORES THAT I SHOP AT IN CHICAGO. WHERE CAN I BUY IT
We love Ovaltine! We buy all of the flavors! We cannot find Ovaltine in the Malt flavor, anywhere! Can you help us?
If you go to the Rumford web site, you will see this:<br /><br />"In 1859, Eben Norton Horsford (1818-1893), a co-founder of The Rumford Company, formulated and patented Rumford Baking Powder, the first calcium phosphate baking powder. [...] Rumford Baking Powder quickly became widely accepted since it achieved more dependable results and was less expensive than using crude formulas of cream of tartar and baking soda. The calcium acid phosphate in Rumford Baking Powder was also considered to be healthier than cream of tartar."<br /><br />I had really disliked baking with regular baking powder since it was soapy and bitter tasting.  This powder has no such problems and it works great.  Also, it has no aluminum in it, unlike most commercial baking powders.  I discovered that many chefs and professional bakers use it, so I was happy to find a superior alternative to the regular, common baking powders on the market.
I couldn't find Rumford's at the grocery, just found brands with aluminum, but of course Amazon has it!  I have used this brand since I started cooking as a child at my parents' house.
I learned to use Rumford from my Mother.  She could always taste the baking powder if another one was used.  Therefore, we never had Calumet in the house.
After a few uses, this powder spoilt a cake. It has lost its raising power. It is still well within the expiry date and the container has been kept closed and in a dry place. Avoid this one. I plan to ask for a refund.
I love this product! BUT the downside is that I was overcharged. When I saw that the cost of this product was $10.00 I assumed that it meant $10.00 for a case. When I received only one can, I was stunned to say the least. A few days ago I happened upon this product at a grocery store. The 8.1 oz was $1.29. I am hereby requesting my change back!!!!!!  Rumford is one of the best baking powders presently on the market!!!  I like the fact that it's aluminum free.  Hence, I will be purchasing this product from the grocery store.
Excellent customer service.  I sent them an inquiry via email and they responded quickly, via email and followed up with a phone call as well.  Item received faster than expected!  I love ordering from paella.com!
I opened the box to find a huge mess of chocolate all over the tray. Chocolate was no better than Hershey's and worst of all, it is imported from Hong Kong. I don't care to eat food made in China after all their countless product safety issues. Look elsewhere
This is the first review I have ever done, but I could not let this one go bye. This was the worst ever, save your money.
I have two cats, one who eats wet food as a last resort (mostly she licks up the gravy), and one who has food allergies (grains) and is incredibly picky (won't eat any grain free cat treats i've found so far--greenies, the tasty junk food ones, wellness cat jerky bits, shaved salmon, etc-- doesn't like catnip, and turns his nose up at anything that costs less than $1.29 a can it seems, to include spots stew; authority; organix; most flavors of avo-derm, holistic select, and innova; max cat; and natural choice).<br /><br />she still licks up the gravy, and eats about half her bowl. He eats his portion and finishes hers, with no vomiting or retching (so nice!). He also wakes me up in the morning if it's breakfast time and i haven't gotten the memo yet, and looks at me like i just kicked his grandma cat when i've run out.<br /><br />this has quite a bit of juice in it, which is good since most cats don't drink enough water anyway.<br /><br />as for me, i love this food b/c it doesn't smell to high heaven, and i haven't died from litterbox duty as of yet. ;) (get it? duty--dooty? hehe)
This food looks just like something you would make for your pet at a Thanksgiving day dinner!  I was impressed with it when I opened the can, and my cats were when they ate it.  It contains nice size pieces of shredded turkey...not too big, making it easy for my kitties to eat.  They have gotten the Tiki cat chicken before and the long stringy pieces in that kept them busy for a little bit and they seemed kind of tough even for me when I would try to break them up.  Not this, I just spooned it into their bowls and they took over from there.  There is liquid around the sides of the food in the center, but the meat/vege mix in the middle is well packed.  I didn't feel like I was getting more liquid than food, like Halo foods so I was happy about that as well.  Plus, through amazon, this is a great price for this quality food.
If you're new to this product you need to be very careful of dosage. It is strong. Some batches are stronger than others.
Good flavor, unique in all the teas that I've tried.<br /><br />This tea is effective for cleansing one's system, but is not as harsh as a regular laxative.  It can be consumed daily or as needed
I've used this brand for years. If you're feeling clogged up or ate a massive meal have a few sips of this tea.  If you're new to it make sure you're home because it can work a little too well if you know what I mean.  Just be careful the first couple of times using it and try little sips.  You'll see a result by morning or earlier if you follow it with lots of water.
I always have this in my house. I drink it as is or my favorite is mix with sprite. Oh So Good!! I have some every day. I do not mind the larger bottles as I use so much of it. Bring it on!
there is not much one can say about Hawaiian punch.  my kids love it.  the only r eason i took off 2 stars is that i ordered 8 64 oz bottles and received 4 128 oz bottles.  i need the smaller bottles so my kids can pour on their own.  i will have to revert to going to the supermarket for future Hawaiian  punch needs.
I love this green tea.  It is a good price for my use with my Tassimo machine.
My husband has acid reflex and this is the only hot drink that the doctor has recommend that he can drink.  Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.
I got this for my mom and she loved it. She just got a tea maker and with this 3 pack of 8 discs each, she is going to have a lot of tea. I shouldn't have gotton the awake tea for her because it was only 1 package with 7 discs because it is more expensive. Oh well, the thought that counts! Btw if you read this, please check out my seller profile and items i sell. I will star to sell stuff soon and once i talk with amazon i will let everyone choose super saver shipping. I am a true seller and give the customers what they wan't in perfect condition. Anyways, this tea is great and i reccomend this to everyone who loves tea.
I really enjoyed this Green Tea, and I can't wait to try making it as a Green Tea Latte... I love my Tassimo machine :)
This is the quickest way to make a darn good cup of green tea!  I was skeptical about having a cup of tea that wasn't brewed, but this is very close!
For the last year, our Tassimo machine has made only tea, as all the coffees are greatly lacking. Instead we buy imported German coffees which are the best in the world.<br /><br />We use 3 Teas: #1, the Best is Twinings Earl Grey<br />  #2, next best is Twinings Green Tea<br />  #3, next best is Tazmo Awake Black Tea.<br /><br />These teas are all great & if you can get some good natural North Dakota honey to put in them, you will like them even more.
I think I'm not a green tea drinker.  This is pretty awful tasting stuff.  Glad I bought just one bag, because I'm throwing it out.
In my opinion the best soda cracker on the planet, if you like or love crackers Diamond Bakery makes the tastiest cracker
I have tried them all - from the top name brands to the baked cheese crisps that seem to have become the craze these days. These cheese puffs simply take the cake! Not only do the pack all the flavor and texture one would want, but they are packed with the vitamins and proteins one needs! Imagine that - a guilty treat like a cheese doodle is now a healthy alternative!
This huge bag of chocolates contained old (white and cracked) chocolates that were completely melted all over the inside of the bag!  Noone at work would even touch them since they looked so sad and gross... what a waste and disappointment!  Will be wary to ever purchase from this seller again
This reminded me how much I enjoy Indian pickle.  It was basically good pickle.<br />Problems:<br />* it seemed a bit stale<br />* it was fairly pricey<br />But it did remind me that I really like Indian pickle, and told me that I could get it on the internet, so I poked around a bit and found a place (ishopindia.com) in another suburb of Chicago which was closer (Skokie; I live in Oak Park) so instead of it coming from Texas, it came from Skokie (less than an hour's drive away).  That solved the staleness problem.  Their prices seemed to be about 2/3 of Amazon's prices.  I thank Amazon for reminding me that I should look.
Patak's Chilli Pickle<br />This is a seriously good pickle from Patak's, with lots of salty heat and endless chunky chilli pieces. I bought it to dip popadoms in, but finished the pot as an accompaniment to slow-cooked pork sausages, and it worked beautifully - certainly as well as a full-bodied English mustard.<br /><br />If you like a bit of heat, as well as plenty of flavour, you'll enjoy it.
My Mother-in-law simply loves these candies.  She is on her fourth tub since Christmas. She prefers them over the Sunkist Fruit Gems  I hope they remain a stocked item.
Soft and slightly chewy candy is optimal (not gummy) to me and these are that. The flavors are good but not great. They are heavily coated with sugar to sweeten them up as they are not sweet without the sugar coating. I will purchase them again.
If you are looking for a sugar high, then these are what you are looking for. Too sweet for me and my family, I don't think we will be ordering these again.
I had a recipe that called for a lot of dark chili powder and the only place I could find it was amazon.com.  I bought a jar of this and it made two batches of the chili recipe I have.  The chili was the best I'd ever made.  I can vouch that this chili powder really does make a big difference in the flavor of a chili.  It is rich with a bit of a kick.  Everyone has been crazy for it, and I think its due to this chili powder. I'm back to buy the bag this time!
More iron than turmeric but this is a very nutty tasty spice that I mix with all other spices. This is one of the main ingredients in most Indian Curry Powders. Bravo.
Without a doubt, this is hands down the best coconut water product I've tried.  The others I've experienced have a flat or slightly bitter taste but this one has that subtle essence and sweetness of coconut water drank directly from a freshly opened raw coconut.  Let me tell you, this is the most refreshing, hydrating, and re-energizing elixir you can partake of.  I'll take this over Gatorade any day of the week.  Great way to start off any day.
best coco water - plz bring back.<br />i've been drinking it for the last 3-4 years and this ONE [only 1 liter pack] is really the best.<br />unfortunatley, the manf. seems to have discontinued it - what a shame!<br />the small size product is not at all good - only this one.<br />hope this company gets some common sense and continues this product which was so good.<br />-------------------<br />ONE large - 5 stars<br />ONE small - 2 stars<br />ONE kids - 1 star<br />ZICO - upsets stomach - 2 stars<br />VitaCoco - tastes awful - 1 star<br />Bluemonkey - 3 stars<br />AmyBrian - 4 stars<br />C2O - 2 stars<br />naked - 2 stars<br />nirvana - 2 stars
We drink this coconut water every day in our house. It's become somewhat of an obsession. We used to have a subscription to the 12 pack of vitacoco and when that ran out we tried this instead. I like it better. It tastes cleaner though I can't describe what's different about it, I just feel better after drinking this than drinking the vitacoco. Coconut water in general has an odd taste to it but it's still really sweet and feels SO refreshing when you drink it. If I'm really hungry I drink this between meals and it's kind of like a protein shake or energy drink. It settles my stomach and gives me a fantastic burst of energy!
I make coconut water a part of my daily regimen, whether I've exercised or not. It gives my body a much better - and healthier - boost than caffeine, and gives me an overall feeling of well-being. I recommend this to everyone, the only downside is one could go broke drinking a liter box every day like I've been doing.
-- If you buy this from Amazon, you'll be disappointed at the shipping.  My box of 12 came in one cardboard box, with the 12 container-boxes loosely in a plastic bag.  One was smashed, so leaking into the bag, two were dented, and one was coming open from the bottom due to the puddle of leaking water in the bag. I opened the bag, and it smelled awful from the rancid, leaking water. If Amazon wants to continue selling the 12-pack-33oz, it needs to package the shipping better. [NOTE, however, I was able to Live-Chat with Amazon and get a refund, even though the item is a "non-returnable grocery item".]<br />-- AND, review of the drink:  The drink itself is SUPERIOR to the taste of Vita-Coca("good") or Zico(too sweet), so as a drink, the O.N.E, really IS like drinking from a real coconut out in the tropics.  I am going back to the individual single-serve containers of O.N.E., shipped from Amazon.<br />-- AND, In a second comparison, the multi-pack of Vita-Coca-33oz comes SUPERBLY packaged in the shipping box from Amazon (as EACH 33oz container is invidually protected in a cardboard sleeve).<br />-- Hope that helps (and, Thank you Amazon for letting me have a refund on the damaged box, but it will be more helpful if you can protect the boxes better for shipping it to us).
As I ordered a 12 pack of O.N.E. Coconut Water, I remember thinking "Twelve? What on earth am I going to do with 12 of them?".  An easy way to get potassium was what I was looking for, but when I took my first sip I was hooked!  Not only is this loaded with the potassium I needed for my nightly leg cramps, it has a mild, pleasant flavor. Talk about refreshing; I can't wait for summer now!  There is an instant cooling sensation, a pleasant, smooth mouth-feel, and a thirst quenching ability you wish a soda had.  I've tried other brands, but they come across as "raw" or harsh; for me O.N.E. is the V.S.O.P. of coconut waters (to me, that means the best).  My shipment arrived earlier than expected and was in perfect shape.  If you want electrolytes in a delicious, healthy form, this is your stuff. As far as my hesitancy on ordering a twelve pack... there'll be an order for another twelve pack arriving soon!
I come from that part of asian subcontinent named after the coconut tree.Coconut trees are in abundance and we use every part of the tree imaginable. when we want a refreshing drink we just pluck a tender coconut off the tree.  What i wanted to tell u is that I am a difficult nut to crack when it comes to coconut water. And I love the One.
I make Coconut Water Kefir with O.N.E. 100% Coconut Water.  I've tried using Zico brand.  I do not like to discredit any brand, but for some reason my coconut water kefir goes bad much too quickly when using Zico (sometimes within 1-2 days - should last 7 days).  I do not presume to know why.  The taste of Zico is not as good as O.N.E.  Maybe they overheat/process it?  O.N.E.'s package says it is "gently pasteurized."<br /><br />If you'd like more information on why Coconut Water Kefir is so great for you go to [...](No, I am not connected with Body Ecology.)<br /><br />If you'd like to learn how to make Coconut Water Kefir go to [..]<br /><br />There's also milk (cow's and goat's) kefir that are extremely good for you.  Kefirs are used all over the world for health and nutrition -- just not common in America ... go figure.
My wife really loves O.N.E Coconut Water.  I thought via auto ship would be a great way not to have to go to the store every other day to get some.  I ordered 6 cases of 12 ea.  The first problem occurred when case number one was sent back as undeliverable.  I guess a San Diego address would be undeliverable in Kentucky.  Of the 5 remaining cases all of which did arrive but in not great condition.  All the cases were still sealed but 1 had 2 of the 33.8 ounce boxes split open and there were 3 other boxes in other cases that were stale (really had a rancid smell).  Therefore I cancelled the auto ship and have gone back to picking this up in the local supermarket.  Works out better, just more time consuming and heavier.  It would have been nice knowing that the cases were in fact pretty flimsy.  My wife still loves the product.
If you Love coconut water this kind is the must have.....I am on auto ship and it arrives on time and packaged to perfection to prevent damage.....
We love coconut water.....some brands are really ICKY....Zola sold at Von's/Safeway is really awful:  sweet and sickening, made from concentrate.<br /><br />O.N.E. is a very good tasting product though ZICO is always my first choice, but has a history of being 'out of stock'.  So it is often a case of purchasing O.N.E. 'cause ZICO is unavailable.  O.N.E. ships well, I've never had one arrive leaking (as I have often with ZICO).
First off, I didn't purchase this product through Amazon, but at a local grocery store, so my review only reflects the product itself, not Amazon in any way.  I bought this last week never having tried coconut water before, but I heard good things.  The taste of it was almost like the smell of lawn clippings that had been damp and out in the sun for a long time.  Tasted off and had a faint mold smell to it.  I didn't know if it was supposed to taste like that or not as I never tried it before, but paying as much as I did I felt obligated to finish it off.  I've been ill for about a week after drinking it.  I don't know if it was just a coincidence or the cause of it.  I did email customer service at O.N.E. the day I drank it asking if it was supposed to taste like that or if I got a bad batch, and they still haven't replied to me.
Coconut water and its many benefits are nothing short of phenomenal and I personally was so excited to have an opportunity to purchase in bulk.<br /><br />What isnt phenomenal is that every single box in my 2 shipments must have experienced some temperature changes, or, they were discounted because<br />of a faulty snap-closure.  At any rate, almost every single carton either came with the lid broken off (adhesive gave out) or it eventually breaks off.<br />Not such a big deal, unless I want to take a carton with me.
I was buying this product and others like it in the 11.5 boxes but it saves a lot of money to purchase it in the 1 liter packages.  The taste is great and the product was very fresh with a good shelf life.  Since I have a Prime Account, I received package in just 2 days and with free shipping.  GREAT DEAL if you like coconut water like I do.
I love the coconut water - light and refreshing, packed with potassium. I was guzzling it down like, well, water, daily. I don't really enjoy plain water a lot of the time, but this provided refreshment, hydration, and flavor without a lot of the junk and/or calories that other drinks come with. 5 stars.<br /><br />I was looking forward to continuing buying it and consuming it regularly with subscribe and save. However....<br /><br />Price, specifically change in price, is terrible. 1 star. I cannot say more.
People watch out if you are buying this product online. I've ordered 12 bottles of the O.N.E, I was expecting this to be same as what I bought from store but this seller disappointed me, The bottles have the seal broken and the taste of the coconut water is not what I expected, I'm sure that this seller/ the person who packaged the bottles added water by breaking the seal. I've wasted my money on this product, I'll never buy this online for a few bucks cheap rather than go to the nearby store and buy it.<br /><br />my rating for this product is 0/5.<br /><br />In short, Seal broken, Diluted and Not comparable with the one that I bought from store.
I've tried several brands and this is true to the taste of fresh coconut water, though slightly more dilute.  The "wholesale" price here doesn't make much sense to me.  It's about $5.75 per liter in an 12 pack.  I get it for $4.99 at Publix.  The only disadvantage is that they only have maybe 4 or 5 at a time, but I'm one of few buying it and I sweep the shelves of it (LOL).<br />  I'm 37 weeks pregnant and this helps decrease the swelling in my legs and keeps me well hydrated.  I don't experience any leg cramps like I did during my first pregnancy.  I think the potassium makes a huge difference.  And with a tendency towards gestational diabetes, the low sugar content vs. other sports drinks is a huge advantage.  They should market this directly to pregnant women with diabetes (with no renal issues).
Hi,<br />I am very disappointed with the past shipment I received of the ONE coconut water. 3 of the boxes were leaking and the coconut water was spoiled.<br /><br />Thanks.<br /><br />Laks
I love this product. I wanted something healthy and good tasting that didn't have added sugar or chemical sweeteners as an alternate to water. This is it. I like this coconut water better than others I have tried. It isn't as sweet as the Amy & Brian brand, which I prefer. I do not use sugar so I found this brand to be the best. The taste has also been consistent since starting my use of this in April. I have purchased four cases since June 2012. It also has a lot of health benefits.
Best coconut water I've tasted - and I've tried plenty of other brands! It's a must buy if you like coconut water!
This was not bad at all. I had a bad experience with VitaCoco acai and pomegranate and it was horrible!!! It had that strong coconut flavor that I do not like. I had already bought this so I was nervous to try it. I was surprised when it barely tasted like coconut. It doesn't have that typical strong coconut taste. I usually stay away from anything coconut. Candy, food, beverages, etc. For some reason it gets me sick. But I wanted to try this, because I heard coconut water is good for you. I already tried the mango, pineapple, and pink guava flavors. They are delicious. Pink guava is my favorite. O.N.E. brand is my favorite. As long as I don't really taste that strong coconut flavor, then I will keep drinking this.
This is the BEST coconut water!!!!!  Can't get enough  : )  It has such a smooth and pleasing taste! Vita Coco is another wonderful product!
If you drink coconut water, this is the best commercial one.  No doubt.  Consistently good and if you decide to subscribe that is even a better deal!
I get these for $4.34 at my local health food store - their price sucks!  It is one of the best tasting coconut waters around though!
This is a new package of O.N.E coconut water. The taste is completely different from previous packages.  It tastes like real coconut water from a coconut tree.
I have tried three brands of coconut water and this is my favorite.  It is sweet, but naturally so.  Unfortunately the price is a bit high for me.  If it becomes available as a subscription and/or the price lowers, I will switch back to it.  I tried Zico and found it to be a bit sour and bitter for my taste.  I am using Roland cans now.  It is not as healthy as it has sugar and water added, but I love the coconut bits and the taste is good and the price is right.
for everybody's information, o n e coconut water is made in the philippines..not brazil as claimed.. it was only a brazilian who  developed the business but the coconuts came from the philippines..<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LL0R8I">Vita Coco 100% Pure Coconut Water, 11.1-Ounce Containers (Pack of 12)</a>
Due to a failure in the packing of this item, it was returned before even getting here. I strongly recommend that the packing department does a better job, because i ordered it again and this time one of the boxes was damaged. Apart from all that, the product is great.
I bought these for my vegan father who LOVES the curry kale chips by Rhythm Superfoods (my 22 month old daughter, husband and I also like them)!<br /><br />Thought I would give him a new kale chip flavor--BBQ--as part of his Christmas gift. Although a different brand than we typically eat, they sounded good. First, I was disappointed to see these chips are not kale in its natural curly form but pressed into round, dog-snack-looking discs. Luckily I tried them before giving them. I spit it right out! Was it just me? My husband also tried one and couldn't finish even one chip.<br /><br />I have a pack of 4 that cannot be returned... what a waste of food and money!
As another reviewer noted when you heat this product in the microwave, you MUST keep an eye on it.  It tips; it pops and eventually spills all over.  However, if you keep an eye on this product, stirring it every 20-30 seconds of the 2-3 minute heating period, you can avoid the spilling and tipping, ect.  Also the noodles do puddle at the bottom once you complete the soup but I usually keep a spoon nearby so I can at least finish the soup and not waste it.  Simple fact of gravity I guess but even stiring frequently can't seem to prevent this from occurring.<br /><br />Despite these problems, I give this product 5 stars.  I do this because it is more a convenience than a nuisance.  With lower sodium than the regular type of soup (this product is still 730mg of sodium, 30% of the recommended daily value) and an easy to go container make it a good to go snack.  Comparing the price per each on Amazon vs. a local store finds it much cheaper here on Amazon.  I recommend this product but ask you head my suggestions to avoid the problems that appear to affect others too.
These are good and low calorie. I keep them in my office for when i want a light lunch. I don't noticed that they are low sodium, but i don't eat a lot of sodium anyway, so it may taste different to someone else.
Every time I heated this particular soup in any microwave, the container made a popping sound and popped up off the turning tray, fell over, and spilled out. If you can catch it before it spills over completely, you will find when eating that the noodles all gravitate to the bottom and you are left with a very untasty, pasty noodle mash at the end of the serving.
it is too bad that I can't find this product locally any longer.  It was a favorite in our household.  Now my source is Amazon and I'm just as happy with that as I was before.  It has a great flavor that is long lasting.
After trying different citrusy flavors of gum (including Orbit Citrus Mint, Orbit Sangria Fresca, Orbit Fabulous Frutini, Extra Fruit Sensations Island Cooler, Trident Tropical Twist, and Stride Always Mandarin), I have concluded that Stride Forever Fruit takes the crown.<br /><br />There is a real burst of flavor (and natural-tasting sweetness) as you pop a piece in your mouth, and although it doesn't last "forever," it definitely holds its own against each of the flavors mentioned above.<br /><br />Feel free to conduct your own taste test to find your own favorite, but I suggest you take my suggestion to try Stride Forever Fruit.  Who knows...you may realize that you won't even want to try any others!
Arrived very speedy and the gum has an excellent flavor!! This is a gum chewer's gum.
This is a good gum to chew if you are looking to switch from sugared to sugarless gum. It's sweet, and doesn't have a strong aspartame taste, for being sugar-free. It doesn't last 'forever' like the commercials and 'Forever Fruit' name would lead you to believe, but the flavor lasts longer than a lot of sugarless gums, and it has a nice kick of flavor when you first bite in. Everyone in my family likes this flavor of Stride.<br /><br />Don't confuse this with the darker-but-similar-colored-packaging 'Mandarin' flavor.
. . . like me, you can still enjoy the delicate beauty of bonsai. Carefully preserved, these are real bonsai preserved in suspended animation. They need no feeding, pruning, watering or plant care, merely cosmetic care. For those of us who don't have the time, patience or skill to cultivate plants, these make a nice surrogate, and they make nice gifts, too. Preserved bonsai can reach into the hundreds of dollars. This one is double-trunked, reasonably priced, and very attractive.
I ordered two....The Monterey - Double Trunk-Preserved Bonsai Tree &  The Artificial Aralia Bonsai Tree.<br /><br />Both trees came packed so as to not move around in the box.<br />They spray foam around the base and let it cure in the box. It creates a very stable platform.<br />The trees are absoulutely gorgeous!!!!<br />They look very close to the pics they show here.<br />Since they are hand made, each will look slightly different, but nothing that detracts from their overall beauty.<br />By the way, Bonsai-Boy does not manufacture these.<br />They are jobbed out to artisans in other parts of the country, hence the wait of at least 14 days to get your item(s.<br />They are truly works of art and I'd recomend these to anyone who has a love of these trees, but like me, does not have a green thumb.<br />The communicaton with Bonsai-boy is good and they endevor to answer any question you have.<br />Did I mention how beautiful these are? LOL!
We have purchased two trees and both were gifts.  The first tree was thoroughly packaged with some type of foam insulation totally surrounding the tree. Impressive. Excellent condition!  The second tree came with no insulation but with a cord attaching the tree to the bottom of the box.  A couple of small limbs were broken off.  It is much better packaging with the foam insulation.<br /><br />The gift was "assumed" by the recipiant to be artificial (fake), which in this case was not a good thing.  The gift tree was actually preserved.  It would create a much better packaging if the tree came with a certificate stating the type - live, preserved or artificial.<br /><br />Love the trees!  They made excellent gifts.
My wife and I ordered this product for her bosses birthday.  We received it quickly, but we did pay extra for the shipping, but we were in a hurry.  The product we received was in perfect condition and Absolutely Beautiful!  I hardly ever write reviews, but this one was worth the time.  I love Bonsai trees and will definitely buy another one just like this for myself in the near future.  This is a product that can be admired for many years to come.
Been looking for a nice preserved Bonsai for a friend who can kill grass and this seemed like a great solution.  Shipping took a little longer than I expected, but I guess I am spoiled with Prime.  Packaging was interesting with the bowl 'cemented' into the box with spray foam.  Definitely held the piece solidly, but I almost damaged it getting it loose.  Be prepared to literally cut it out of its packaging.  A pain, but manageable.<br /><br />The piece itself was fairly well done, definitely not as good as the one in the illustration, but still a nice piece.  I will probably do some light trimming to give it a little more character before presenting to my friend.  The bowl and stone are nicely matched and the tuft of moss is a nice touch.
This makes for a great centerpiece on a dining room/coffee table as well as a great conversation piece!  I have to convince friends that this isn't a real live Bonsai tree when they see it.  It's very convincing, which is to be expected considering that this is just a real tree that's been preserved.<br /><br />My tree doesn't have the look of the picture, and the branches are much more bushy/wild, but it still looks fantastic.  I could always trim it if I wanted to make it more sparse but I like it how it is.  The moss is a nice touch, and the pebbles look great and are glued in so they won't fall out.<br /><br />Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase!
I bought this fondant to use with young teen girls who had no experience with fondant.  We used gel colors to make several different colors, and the gel colors worked beautifully with this fondant.  We didn't need the expensive cake decorator colors to get gorgeous results.  The other thing I liked was this fondant was not hard to work with.  If you can work with playdoh, then you can work with this fondant.  AND it tasted good, too!  I have tasted other fondants and it looks pretty, but you peel it off before you eat your cake.  With this fondant you will actually want to eat it as well as look at it.  This is a good choice for cooks who like their creations to look and taste good.
Love this stuff, very easy to work with and reasonably priced if you can manage to buy it through Amazon with thier subscribe and save program, otherwise it is pretty expensive and you are better off making your own MMF. The Wilton stuff is like rubber and hard to roll out thin enough. I had no trouble with this. It also was not too sticky which was the problem I ran into when I used the Duff product from Michaels. So far this is the best fondant I have used. It really doesn't dry out so if you want your pieces to stiffen up quickly or become completely hard you will need to mix in gumtex, tylose or gumpaste to accomplish that. I love the taste of this fondant too, I don't usually like fondant icings but this one is really good! The white is truely white too, not cream or antique at all so you can easily mix in other colors to tint the color you want.<br /><br />UPDATE 1/6/12<br />Lowering my stars from 5 to 3...<br />My first few batches of Fondarific were great, easy to work with, good taste, nice consistency etc. I use alot of fondant and have pretty much used every brand out there plus made my own. I was totally sold on Fondarific until my last couple of orders. I didn't feel like dying fondant so I purchased the colored Fondarific for the first time(Pink and Red) so I'm not sure if that was the problem but they were REALLY soft. Like another reviewer I ended spending an extra 3 hours or so to cover my cake and decorate it because I had to keep putting the stuff in the freezer and it tore and bubbled all over the place. It was ridiculous like working with melting taffy. I live in Washington state and it was October so humidity was definitely not the problem. My last batch of white was workable but also stickier than usual so pieces kept sticking to the mat (even with cornstarch or shortening). So far both batches of black that I purchased were great and didn't have these issues. I have to agree with other reviewers here that the consistancy is lacking with this product. If you get a good batch it is the BEST stuff out there but you have to cross your fingers and hope luck is with you. I may give them one more shot since my first few orders of white were perfect but I will probably also make some marshmellow fondant just in case they aren't up to snuff.
I have worked with a couple different types of fondants, wilton, fonderific and satin ice. I must say, sorry wilton but you have terrible fondant. Terrible! Anyway, fonderific is great, its soft, stays soft, tasty, easy to work with. I always have a tub just incase I run out of my main fondant. If your looking for a starter fondant fonderific is great! Enjoy cakers!!
I thought this fondant was very easy to work with and it tasted great! Also the wedding cake i used this product for turned out awesome and the bride and groom and their guest loved their cake!
Amazing fondant from Fondarific.  So very convenient to get it through Amazon! Easy to use, nice taste and would definitely recommend it for anyone with a passion for cake decorating.
This product worked well for small cakes.  It also tasted great.  For any cakes over 12 inches, it just would pull until their was a hole in it.  It is almost too soft a product.
This fondant tastes good but does not work well for decorating cupcakes. It's very soft and the more you mix in color, the softer it becomes. I added powdered sugar to help make it not stick to my mat, cookie cutters and tools, but it was a constant battle. My major complaint with this fondant is that it doesn't harden. I made decorations 3 days in advance (which I've done in the past using Wilton fondant) and they weren't drying. The morning I needed them, they were so soft that even picking them up distorted the shape. I ended up having to place a high powered fan in front of them while I went to work for 8 hours, only to come home to semi-dry decorations. Because I have a ton left over, I'm going to try and mix gum paste with it to see if that helps with the stickiness and drying time. I do not recommend this product if you're trying to create flowers, stars or any type of decoration that requires tools and drying time. Needless to say, I will not be buying this product again.
This fondant taste great and is easy to work with.  Easy to roll out and takes very little kneading to make it pliable to work with.
As always, Fondarific is awesome! Covers cakes wonderfully and it's so easy to use! Love it, and will continue to use it forever!
This is EXTREMELY better than Wilton!!!  Buy this and never use that nasty stuff again.  This is actually edible, unlike products and is very easy to work with.
I've tried Wilton's fondant before, which tasted horrible and wasn't that easy to work with. Fondarific fondant is amazing! It takes color very nicely, I use Wilton's gel colors, and is very easy to work with. It's a little hard when you take it out of the container, but I just pop it in the microwave for 10seconds and it becomes soft enough for me to work with.<br />This fondant tastes soooo good! Like cotton candy. Delicious!!<br />I made a 3 tier birthday cake using this stuff and I still have some fondant left over.<br />My tiers were 10", 8" and 6". The first two tiers were 4" tall and the 6" tier was 8" tall. I also used this for decorations.<br />Everyone at the party loved it!
I did a lot of research on this fondant and really wanted to like it however it just didn't work for me. When it arrived it was hard as a rock, but there is a card inside that indicates about 30-50 seconds in the microwave will make it easier to work with. This really did work well. It made it much more pliable and easier to work with. The fondant took color real well and rolled out nicely. It does say "no shortening or powdered sugar needed" that's pretty false. If you're coloring it you do need some while needing otherwise it will stick to your hands and your work surface. I DEFINITELY needed powdered sugar while rolling it out. Otherwise it stuck to the silicon mat I use. Also, after coloring and putting it in the microwave it definitely needed some time in the refrigerator before it could be rolled again and placed on the cake. Otherwise it was far too gooey.<br /><br />Finally, the moment of truth arrived, laying the rolled out fondant on the cake. It was much more difficult to work with than I imagined. It's very picky on the thickness. Too thick it's impossible to lay flat, too thin and it would stretch and get holes. I will say it did get some 'elephant skin' during application I was able to smooth it out using a smoothing tool and the final product looked fine. Perhaps I was a little bit rusty, I used to teach a Wilton cake decorating class and have taught fondant decorating for many years but haven't done a cake in the past 5-6 years. I just never remember the wilton brand, which tastes horrible, ever being this hard to work with.<br /><br />The flavor was fine on it's own, but as most fondants, it's incredibly sweet..incredibly. Despite the improved flavor people were still pealing it off the cake and eating the cake and frosting.<br /><br />In the end the cake looked wonderful and people were pleased but not sure I'll be using this brand again.
i usually make my own fondant but decided to give this one a try.it was an absolute pleasure working with fondarific wedding white.since its cold here at the moment the fondant arrived stone hard so i had to break some apart with a knife and heat in the microwave for ten seconds after which it was great working with it.im not a professorial and i have to say that this fondant was very easy to roll out and cover a two tiered cake.
I purchased this fondant for a wedding cake that I was making.  I have tried numerous brands and even made my own fondant.  This Fondarific fondant is easy to work with.  I am an amateur baker and will purchase this product again.
I have ordered many tubs of fondarific in many colors, and generally don't have many problems. If you are looking for a fondant to sculpt figurines out of, this is not the fondant for you. It is, however, the best tasting fondant you will find, guaranteed. It does not dry out which is lovely for covering cakes, but is the reason sculpting is impossible.<br /><br />This last time I ordered a five pound bucket in wedding white, it was horrible. It was so soft it was almost gooey. I had my AC at 65 degrees, placed it in the freezer for awhile, and it was still stretchy and soft as if I had been kneading it forever. I even added some gumpaste and a ton of tylose to try to stiffen it a little, to no avail.<br /><br />I was in a bind and had no time to get or make more fondant, so my cake took 3 times as long as it would have, and it looked horrible. I was very disappointed.<br /><br />I guess I just got a bad batch this time. I would suggest that you order ahead of time and check it first so you don't get stuck like I did.
I used this fondant to create dice to add to cupcakes for a Bunko for the Cure fundraiser.  They came out awesome and were a huge hit!  The fondant color was bright white and worked great with the Wilton food markers (for the dots on the dice).  This fondant is so incredibly easy to work with and it tasted delicious.  Even the non-fondant lovers in the crowd (including me) loved the taste! I look forward to using this product again....and again....and again!
My order was on time and packaged correctly.  Bought this for my daughter who is a pastry chef and loves fondarific.  Price is great for a 5lb tub.
This was my first time using Fondarific and fondant in general. This one was really easy to use for a baby shower cake. It worked just as indicated. I also colored it and made a two tier cake (baby blue and white). the final product looked great not greasy.
...so you know I am serious. I would give it a 0, were it an option. I love Amazon - they have never let me down, so I am hoping they come through for me when I file a claim with them.<br /><br />The product was rock hard, so I followed the enclosed instructions and heated it even less than the recommended time in the microwave. It kneaded easily enough and smelled/ tasted good. When it came to rolling, I could tell immediately that this was going to be a challenge. Sure enough, it tore all over the place. Redo. I used cornstarch, the way I was taught, and it still stuck to every surface as if it were too warm or wet, yet cracked as if it were too dry. Nothing made it cooperate, so I lowered my standards and draped it anyway. Durring the two-foot trip from the rolling surface to the cake, it ripped in several places and the application to the cake ended in absolute disaster. No, I did not roll it too thin. Yes, I used cornstarch (even though the packaging specifically claims it is unnecessary.) It sucks. The end.
This product was so easy to work with.  On 6/23/12 I made a little over 100 flowers for wedding cupcakes, the following day I did the same using a different color of Satin Ice. The flowers of both fondants were firm, I stored them in an air tight container. On 7/2/12 I opened the container of flower made with the Fondarific and they were soft.  The flowers made from Satin Ice were perfect. I left the container of Fondarific flowers open over night to see if they would harden up again, they turned out "gummy", you know, like chewed gum, which is probably less sticky than this mess.  I am so dissappointed in this product.  Fortunately I made my flowers early, I have time to purchase Satin Ice and make 100 more flowers.  I do not recommend this product.
I was very dissapointed with this fondant. I decided to try it for the first time, and that was a mistake. They claim that the fondant can be rolled out thinner then most brands, so you can use less to decorate more. That is not true. Even just rolling it out to 1/8in it tends to tear. Once I finally got it on the cake to cover, it is very hard to smooth it around the cake. It is very sticky, the fondant smoother does not glide smoothly over it. All in all I will never buy this brand again, I am going to stick with Wilton.
Fondarific usually has glowing reviews... everyone on the cake forums seems to love it.  My batch was either old or just crap.  Very disappointing.  Will go back to making marshmallow fondant.... cheaper and WAY easier to work with.  Also bought the black but didn't open it because the white was such crap.  Had to use it because I ran out of time to make MMF for the cake I was making... DUE TO THE FACT THAT I PRE-PURCHASED fondant to use.<br /><br />I love working with Fondant, and thought that maybe I'd use something easier this time, but it wasn't.  Good luck with this.<br /><br />Taste however, was quite good.
MY Fondarific Buttercream Wedding White Fondant, 5-Pounds IS as hard as concrete!!!!!!! I just received this today, I can't use it, obviously, I have a wedding on Saturday, what should I do? HELP! This a non return item, what should a customer do?
When I first heard of Kopi Luwak coffee I was horrified, but then the idea grew on me and I decided I really wanted to try it, so on my bucket list it went.  To purchase this same package directly from the producer is nearly twice the price.  There's not really 16 servings per package, maybe half that.  It is pretty amazing coffee and I'm thrilled I tried it.  Remember when shopping for Kopi Luak coffe make sure you're getting 100% civit coffee and not a blend which can have as little at 1 or 2% Kopi Luwak coffee.  Check out realkopiluwak.com for info on how civit coffee is produced and how to brew the perfect cup.
After doing a TON of research and reading about Civet coffee- I finally broke down and purchased this for my birthday, just to give it a shot. At first, I was not impressed- thinking that I just overpaid for some upgraded Folgers- but then I figured it out. The secret to this coffee is making it in smaller batches- At first I was making 4-5 cups at a time in my small coffee pot- then I cut that back to a two cup using approx. 3 tablespoons of freshly ground coffee- It was AMAZING!!! The depth and natural sweetness of this coffee were unbelievable. Definitely something worth trying at least once- I for one will be looking forward to the next time I can justify purchasing this special occasion coffee...
I thought that I should post a review in response to bad cat.  We ordered off the same batch for the same holiday reasons and had no illl effects.  The coffee was great.  There was no tart aftertaste no matter how strong you brew it.  The only reason that I gave it only four stars is that I would personally of liked a litter darker roast.  I just wanted to say that we drank off the same lot as bad cat, in the same year, Christmas Eve and Christmas, with zero headaches or ill tidings.  It just might have been something else.
If you want 100% Kopi Luwak, this is a good method to acquire some in a relatively cheap manner. It's not as good as some of the stuff I've had, but it's definitely in that special class that Kopi Luwak belongs in. I've served this for guest, given it as gifts, and enjoyed it on special occasions. I've made it in French press, drip, and in one special instance Espresso!<br /><br />To truly enjoy it, use about 8 grams of beans per 7 ounces of hot water used to brew. This is the appropriate ratios. Serve black, no cream or sugar as this will ruin your treat. This bean isn't for everyone, but don't worry! It's not an acquired taste, its just a different taste :-)<br /><br />Product arrived fast thank to prime, fresh as I wanted, and the beans tasted just like they do when I buy them locally from Rao's Bakery here in TX (same beans same company).
This coffee is smooth.  The best coffee ever.  It is pricey so I will not be buying it that often.  But worth every penny.
I was excited to see that Amazon is selling 100% Kopi Luwak. However, these beans were a huge disappointment because they had no aroma and flavor at all. I'm guessing that they sent stale beans because there was no roast date printed on the bag.
I bought this to take a check mark off of the bucket list, but my wife and I had a cup of this and both of us immediately got sick with a headache and vomiting profusly. What made it worse it's Christmas and this day is shot now. We're coming through it but I'm sorry to say but my bucket list was almost over before it got started. Try if you want but it's made us sick and almost in the hospital. This is a Christmas I'd like to forget.
I wanted to try this coffee once in my life. I was very happy with the company that mailed it, and the timely manner in which they sent it.
I was thrilled to find a source for smoked paprika - this product is the "REAL" thing - wonderful, smokey flavor.  Also, speedy service.  I will be using this website for all my gourmet spices!
Excellent product! good price  fast shipping . needs an insert in lid to seal container better!
I live in a small city in Illinois and it is very hard to find certain products. I was so pleased to see this product. I watch so many programs on the food network..Neely's being one. I wanted this product to make their rub. When it arrived..quickly I may add..you could smell the powerful scent through the package. It was wonderful..strong aroma,color and flavor..This is the perfect product in a perfect size. I once found a small bottle in a specialty store and paid almost 8 dollars for 4oz...I'm not sure how many ounces is in this 6 inch bottle, but it is way more than 4oz.. I also got a great deal on the shipping..I paid 7.95 for the first item and the rest was shipped free...can't beat that! I love this product!!!
There was no seal of any kind on jar. Cap had loosened slightly and some of the paprika had spilled out. Would not chance using an open jar so in the trash it went.
Wonderful seasoning for the barbecue "rub" on chicken, meats, etc. Smoky paprika really enhances the flavour of the barbecued slow roasted delicacies.  Also gives it a very appetizing appearance.<br /><br />Fast shipping, good price, well sealed, no problems. Would buy again.<br /><br />Q: Do you know the origin of the word Barbecue?<br /><br />A: This word originated from the cooking methods of the Barbary pirates who ate most of their meals cooked outdors on an open grill/flame. Hence: Barbecue.
This gives a good flaver to Bar-B-Q even if done in the oven. It can be used to give a smokey flaver to food not done on a outside cooker.
Wow smoked sweet paprika is extremely hard to find in stores luckly I was able to find this huge container of smoked paprika for a really good price. I found that it was a really good spice to use and it makes food taste as if you grilled it on a charcoal grill which is awesome. Give it a shot you might like it.
I like the smoked sweet paprika better than other styles of sweet paprika. It came fresh at a reasonable price.
The paprika is good and the container will keep it fresh for some time. I use these bulk spices to make my own barbque rubs. The container is also recyclable for keeping the finished rubs.
I've been trying to find a good paprika for a rub used in the smoker. This stuff is the absolute best that I've found. It's sweet but still has all the flavor you want from paprika without being overly smoky. If you make homemade rubs, I strongly recommend this stuff.
I love, love this stuff.  i add it to meats for a great smokey taste.  i use it with herbs, other spices an brown sugar to make a super rub for bar-b-q
This is the smaller jar.  some what clumped, could benefit from anti-cakeing agents; however I wanted this for canning so it works well.  defiantly worth the price. contains "chili pepper,garlic,coriander,cumin,clove(all smoked)"
I ordered  Smoke paprika, unfortunately i received regular sweet. I called and spoke with a gentleman, who promised to send me the smoke paprika and apologized for the mistake made. Until today (1 month maybe 2 later) still haven't received anything or heard from the company. Very disappointed.
haven't used it yet , but if going by past Marshal Creek products ... ? should be good.
the details say:<br />Product Features:<br />12 Blister PEZ Packs<br />3 PEZ candy refills in each pack,<br />Disney's Cars Pez Assortment<br /><br />Product Description:<br />Cars PEZ dispensers featuring Lightning McQueen, Mater, Sally and Doc Hudson. Each is individually bagged and include two great tasting candy refills.<br /><br />I only got 6 blister packs and only got 3 of the 4 characters. Also the picture showed 12 packages. Obviously they put a "6 dispensers" in the title (I thought that to be a misprint) and took a 12 pack and busted it down and sent me half for the price that was for 12. RIP OFF!!!
This is one of the best mixed nut blends I have ever had!<br />Everything tastes extremely fresh and natural. The flavor combination is amazing - perfect mix of nuts and dried fruits. I really like that this blend doesn't include peanuts - I'm tired of nut blends always including peanuts... enough already! This was a refreshing change and a great snack.<br />I also feel the price is reasonable - considering there are no peanuts, everything is natural, and it tastes great!
The blend of ingredients is great and a good balance of dried fruit and nuts that our family enjoys. I was having trouble finding it in the local stores that I shop so I thought I would shop for this online. I was happy to find it but unhappy about how much more it costs to order online than picking it up at a local store. I don't think I will order it again online and will simply keep my eyes open when I shop locally.
I tried a small cup of sample at my local BJ's store and just loved it.Then I picked up 1 pack from the table right away, even forgot to check the price. Anyway, I will go back and see if the price is better at BJ's or at Amazon.
I found just enough of this product to be totally addicted. Now I can't find it anywhere, how come?<br />It was the perfect blend to add to my morning hot cereal. Please bring it back.<br />I agree that it was good in part because of NO peanuts.
I used this in a gift basket for a ladies tea. I like the product myself. Very nicely packaged. Thank you.
I was quite excited to try this product, so I bought 4 packs. We opened one, and I tested a half-tablet. No result. My wife tried the other half. Ditto. The next day, we tried a full tablet, letting it completely dissolve over the entire tongue. I found the tablets pretty tasty themselves, while my wife found them too chalky to enjoy. Anyway, again there was no effect with lemons, chili sauce, etc. Our daughter also had no discernible change in her taste of foods.<br /><br />Happily for me, the company is going to refund me for the other three packages. But I would have preferred that they'd worked. I was looking forward to bringing them out at an upcoming party.
I guess everyone's taste buds are different.  This product didn't work for me.  Every food item tasted as it should :-(
Dissolved an entire tab on my tongue and was disappointed to discover that it had no effect on ANY of the foods that I tried.
After taking a tab, I was able to eat a hot pepper, but it didn't really taste sweet or good at all, just not very hot.  Then I tried some cayenne pepper, which remained hot with no alteration in taste.This is a nice idea, but didn't work for me.
I bought my mberry pack from mberry.us online hoping to use it to curb my sweet tooth. I followed the directions to the letter, allowing the tablet to dissolve completely on my tongue. I then tried balsalmic vinegar - nothing happened to the taste at all except that my tongue burned a little. So I tried hot sauce - nothing happened again except that my tongue burned a lot. Then I tried regular vinegar - nothing happened again. I even tried taking a second tablet, but it still did nothing but slightly burn my tongue. HUGE waste of money. Super disappointing. DOES NOT WORK!
Not much to say, other than the product solicitation is all hype! I carefully followed the directions on the packaging of the "mberry Miracle Fruit Tablets" and the results were about as miraculous as one of those potato chips baring the face of Mary Magdelene! Sorry "Believers of Miracles"... this is one that won't make "The Tonight Show"!
I was excited about these and had organized a whole event for my fiancee's birthday around these tablets.<br />Placed an order well in advance, namely 3 weeks in advance.<br /><br />After two weeks of waiting, I received a notification that my order was being cancelled for some mysterious as yet to be determined problem. The email attempted to spread the blame between Amazon, its supplier and some mysterious unknown factor, ultimately taking no real responsibility for the blunder.<br /><br />Color me frustrated and confused because while they said they are stopping all orders for the time being, their company website still shows the product in stock and ready for orders.<br /><br />This to say the least was very disappointing and more so because the company's response was very wishy washy and lame. In my experience, when a company screws up (mind you it wasn't just my order, it was a whole slew of orders that got cancelled)<br />they should own up and take responsibility thereby showing some integrity, rather than mutter some indecipherable mumbo jumbo that does nothing to explain nor solve the customers problem.
I'm jealous of whoever thought of this, but the actual product turns out to be pretty unimpressive. It turns out, if you eat half a fruit roll-up, then eat asparagus, the aspragus tastes differently than you might expect.  There. That's all you need to know.  DON'T buy this product, just buy some Gushers next time you're at Wal-Mart.  2 star review because I like Gushers.
I dissolved an entire tab in my mouth and then ate bitter greens and it did nothing.  I added some vinegar to the greens and it did make it a tad sweeter, but it didnt make them taste good.....It makes really sour things slightly sweeter....but NO MIRACLE.
Well I bought these to have a "Food Tripping Party" with my wife. I had a spread before us of lemons, limes, strawberries, blackberries, oranges, and grapefruit. We both started with half a pill each as per the reviews here. I then took a bite of a lemon. I guess is was sweeter but not by much, though I was able to eat it. It was like a sweet + tart food which I guess is because of the acid in the fruit. I then ate another half of pill because the instructions that came with the pills stated to take a full one. I tried again. It made the lemons bearable but not super sweet. You would not be able to eat an entire be happy. I went onto the other fruits and the same thing. You could still taste the tart with a sweet aftertaste. My wife said this, "Well it makes it so you can eat lemons, but who wants to sit around eating lemons all day?" I'm disappointed BUT the price was cheap enough and it was a fun thing to do with my wife. I'll pawn these off on friends and see what they say. To all the people who threw parties and raved and raved about how everyone loved them, my guess is that they didn't want you to feel bad.
It didn't work for me.  Maybe its because I couldn't get past letting the whole tablet dissolve because to me the tablet tasted like vomit.
This product definitely works.<br />I was not aware that i was supposed to break the tablet in half. After eating a whole tablet, I ate a lemon. It was WAY WAY too sweet!<br />I waited 2 hours for the product to wear off so i could eat regular food.<br />I tried a 1/2 tablet the next day. I added some lemon to a glass of water. To me, it tasted like lemonade with 5 packets of splenda. It didn't taste like regular sugar. Which i guess is good. The sweet taste was just different.<br />I also ate cottage cheese, it tasted like cottage cheese with sweetener in it.<br />The product works immediately by the way. No waiting for this to work.<br /><br />I think this product will last me a while.<br />The day after this review I took a tiny nibble of the leftover 1/2 tablet.I made another glass of lemon water and the lemonade was perfect for me. Not overly sweet, tasted like a lemon drop ;p<br />Your mileage may vary with this product.<br /><br />I've heard that other brands taste a bit better than this one.<br />I just ordered a pack from another company. I will report back.<br /><br />I have a HUGE sweet tooth and I'm trying to lose some weight. I'm hoping these tablets will help me with that :)
After reading reviews and testing these out with friends, I can say this: Everyone's tastes (and tastebuds) are different. What is not sweet to one person is super sweet to another. So be ye warned, results for these may vary.<br /><br />I found that the tablets didn't make things "sweet" as much it cut down on the sourness, almost like a numbing effect.  Ever put sugar on a lemon slice and bit into it? The sour kick is still there, just canceled out. I'm certainly not going to be eating them like candy as some reviews suggest.<br /><br />Tried out a few beer types, with mixed results: Beers that are fruity/citrus ended up gross, as it would taste like I mixed in a mouthful of juice with the beer. Dark beers like an Irish Red were my favorite.<br /><br />I really recommend going out to eat so you can try a variety of things. Certain foods will take you for surprise (ranch dressing, for example, was notably different and very good).
Wow, I DID NOT EXPECT such a quick, shocking result from this product, but it definitely delivers!!! My brother told me about these tablets and the "flavor tripping" parties. I had never heard of them before, but decided to give it a try just because the claim sounded so wildly strange, a sort of "Ripley's Believe it or not" kind of novelty.<br />Anyway, the tablets WORK immediately. I just took one, had a lemon, and voila': it's SWEET! I also tried a sip of Chianti wine.. SWEET.... I poured a spoonful of white vinegar in a small glass of water... SWEET... I haven't tried beer or other things, but sooner or later I will!<br />The best thing I see coming out of this is that I FINALLY don't need to sweeten my tea! I'll just squeeze a lemon in and that will be that.<br />Hmmm... perhaps I can add lemon juice to soda water and it can turn into a new diet soft-drink!! The possibilities are endless!
I do reccomend this product, as it is effective and very fun to try. Here are the setbacks: It only lasts around 30 minutes, not 2 hours. I bought these in lieu of the actual berries ($90 vs. $10) so they weren't as potent as I had read about/expected. Nonetheless, they do work! Lemons and limes were delicious!<br />Oh, be sure to move the tablet over the ENTIRE surface of your tounge in order to cover ALL of your taste buds.
Basically these tables change the way you taste acidic things, they will instead taste sweet. Lemons taste like a strong lemonade. Some of you might be thinking, well that's fun and all but how would my lover taste? well, kind of sweet(men and women). Give it a try you'll see. My only complaint is that they made them look so much like a drug that I had to convince some of my more prudish friends that it was just ground fruit.
I saw an article on Yahoo and figured I would give it a try. This stuff was unbelievable. I ate healthy foods for the first try. Some carrots, spinach, a red pepper and an orange. It was probably the best meal I had ever tasted. It was like I was eating a fruit picked from Eden. On the downside I could see this becoming an addiction!
I got these for me and my boyfriend to try but he refused to try it with me... at first. I tried to explain to him that it's just fruit put in a pill form but he was convinced it was some type of trick I was trying to pull on him. Anyways so I went to the store and picked up some lemons, limes, tomatoes, kiwi, oatmeal stout beer (which I absolutely hate stout beer), sour candy and some red hots. I let the pill dissolve on my tongue and started out trying a lemon. One thing I recommend which I didn't do was to try out all the food first to get something to compare it to. I sat in front of my boyfriend and ate a whole lemon without even flinching. Then I told him to try it and he could barely lick it without making a face. Then I tried some stout beer... it tasted like cold coffee with a hint of kahluah. I eventually got him to take one of the pills. We had sooo much fun tasting foods!! it was amazing how much it worked!!!! I already recommended it to all my friends and now I recommend it to you. It can be a really cool party trick by betting someone you can eat a whole lemon without making a face.
After dissolving one tab on my tongue, I ate 1/4 of a large lime, and it tasted mostly sweet with just a hint of tartness!  I would have eaten the whole lime but was worried all that acid might upset my stomach.  I didn't notice any difference when I ate parsley, though--the parsley still tasted somewhat bitter to me.  Miracle Berry worked extremely well for me with sour stuff, but not at all as far as I could tell with bitter stuff.<br /><br />Still, well worth the price to experience this amazing transformation in taste.<br /><br />Edit:  I had a craving for blackberries and bought a large container of them from a warehouse-type store.  I planned on eating them all at one sitting, but after one or two I couldn't eat them--they were mostly sour and hardly any sweet.  I remembered that I had some of these tablets left, so I rolled one around on my tongue until it dissolved, and thereafter the blackberries tasted pleasantly sweet, so I was able to finish them all.
The mberry tabs work by altering your taste receptors and make sour tasting foods more sweet. I'm a high school science teacher, and I used these both in my classes and for my science club. The students love trying out different sour food items to taste the results. I've used this brand several times, and it seems to be pretty consistent in it's effectiveness and quality. The best way I can describe the effect of these tabs is it makes a lemon taste like a lemon "shake-up" from a fair/carnival. It does not create a super "candy-like" sweetness (which I think would be really weird anyway), there is still a hint of sour behind the sweet taste. Also, they do not last anywhere near an hour, more like 15-20 min., so just be warned, and be ready to taste things immediately after dissolving the pill in your mouth. In my experience, there have been a percentage of people for whom the tabs are not effective, maybe between 5-15% in a group (1-3 people per 20). The tabs are somewhat expensive, but as a pretty unique experience, I definitely recommend trying it at least once!
I just did a test run for a work party and I sampled raspberries, strawberries, lemons, limes, Tabasco sauce, goats cheese, beer, orange juice, and yogurt. First off, the lemon was the best tasting example of fruit I have ever had in my life. I wanted to eat the whole thing. The rest of the fruits tasted delicious. The unsweetened yogurt was good, the orange juice amazing, and the beer much sweeter. The goats cheese didnt taste that yummy to me and the tabasco sauce didnt have a noticeable change in flavor. Over all, a very fun and effective flavor changing experience!
It does change the way you taste but not to such a great effect that you are expecting. It's more of a pleasant surprise and not a OMG! surprise. It makes sour and most fruits sweeter. It makes beer taste like some sort of sugary juice (and I don't like beer). I would like to try cream cheese and wine which are supposed to be yummy. I recommend this product and I only need a half a tablet to last about 45 min to an hour. I wouldn't dare try spicy foods as they suggest on the package but they suggest pineapple, cheese, peppers, and limes. Lemon in water tasted like lemonade with tons of sugar. I would experiement and see how it works out for you. It doesn't work on all foods though like potatoes or meats, as it mostly alters your sour or tart taste buds.
My daughter had  me buy these for her 18th birthday party.  What a success!  The tablets arrived ahead of schedule so we could concentrate on other items.  The kids had a fun time trying out sour foods that became sweet after letting the tablets melt in their mouth. Everyone had a great time and really enjoyed them.  We're recommending them to everyone!
GREAT for parties.  This stuff actually works.  I was eating War-Heads, which I normally hate, like they were gummy bears.  Eating a lemon tasted like drinking lemonade.  You've got to try this stuff.
I purchased these tabs for my daughters "flavor tripping" party. I have never tried them out before so I invited a couple of friends over to experience this with me. I set up a spread our items, gave everyone a mberry, and got to tasting. The first item that we tried was a lemon and we were literally blown away because they were so sweet and tasty. Next came the dill pickle and it tasted like a sweet pickle. We even tried ketchup and mustard and couldn't stop dipping out fingers in it because the flavors were unbelievable. We also had a bottle of cheap dry wine and it was delicious. The strawberries were so delicious that we ate the entire bowl. Fruit rollups were great too. This is something that I know my daughter will enjoy at her party and I will be trying these time and time again.
After reading an article online a while back about flavor tripping, I went looking for miracle berries and was surprised to find these handy tablets on Amazon. I was worried they wouldn't pack the punch the actual berries were reputed to, but they turned out to be a great purchase.<br /><br />It's true that how effective they are varies by person, and by the foods you try them with, but overall these were a big hit at numerous gatherings of friends and family. I've found that the biggest hits tend to be vinegar, and tart citrus like lemons, limes, or grapefruit juice. For me all go from being sour to very sweet (yes, to the point where if I didn't know better I'd be gulping the vinegar down). Dark beers are interesting, with the changed flavor still usually somewhat enjoyable. Foods or drinks that are already very sweet become cloying and unpleasant. It's still worth trying just to see the effect, but keep that in mind when choosing things to try with the tablets in advance.<br /><br />I've ordered these 4 times, and hope to do so again (at the time of this writing, they are not available). If they remain out of stock for too long, I'll have to try some of the alternatives. I'm reluctant to do so though, knowing how effective these are.
My friend and I had a flavor tripping party for two.  We each dissolved one tablet on our tongues and then dug in to a plate full of lemons, limes and other sour items.  The effect was immediate and amazing.  We were laughing hysterically throughout the whole ordeal.  We also tried shots of vinegar, mustard by the spoonful (really yummy) and several other types of fruit.  We had a blast finding new things to try.  I think next we're going to have a big group over to play around.  As other reviewers have mentioned, you can split the tablets in half to lessen the effect.  Remember - if you're going to have a flavor tripping party of your own, pack some antacid.  After all we ate, we really needed it.<br /><br />Updates 12/20 - I gave mberry pills to friends for the holidays.  The pills didn't work for all of them.  Judging by some of the reviews the pills either don't work for everyone or not every pill is the same potency.  I contacted the seller who put me in touch with the manufacturer and they are sending me out a replacement batch to give the people who had a bad experience.  Excellent customer service all around.  I still wholeheartedly recommend giving the tablets a try.  If it works for you, it is really amazing.
A friend referred me to these and told me that they were "freaking awesome." I decided to give them ago and surprisingly they work extremely well.  I found that the taste of them, while they are dissolving on your tongue is a bit horrid, but nothing I couldn't tolerate.<br /><br />After it dissolved me and some friends decided to test it.  We cut up some lemons and limes and decided to see if these really worked and to our amazement they really did.  The lemons tasted like a 'lemon drop' candy, and the limes were very refreshing.  We then expanded our horizons and started trying other things to see what it was like. We found some other foods to be excellent, and others not so much.  All in all it's very fun.<br /><br />They are, however, quite expensive. The effects on me lasted roughly 1-1.5 hours.  So as a novelty, hurray for these.
This is a neat product, and it does what it says it does.  However, if you decide to have a party where you invite guests to partake of handfuls of raw cranberries, lemons juice, tabasco sauce, beer, mustard, and a variety of other items which are sour, the miracle berry can do nothing at all to augment the considerable effect this will have on their bowels.
I ordered these after hearing about them from some friends. I was very skeptical if it would even really work noticeably and was even more skeptical about the "pill form". But WOW! They really do work! It makes anything bitter or sour taste instantly sweet. I tried a few things and could definitely tell they were sweeter. But the most noticeable was the lemon. I really didn't even want to try it at first but i was told i had to. It tasted like the sweetest and most flavorful lemonade ever. Seriously, it was like candy all of the sudden. I almost couldn't believe it. When a few friends were over i gave them a pill each and we all of the sudden lemons were the best thing ever lol!
I purchased this for my mother who is currently undergoing some powerful chemotherapy. During her first chemo, she hated everything because everything tasted like metal and it was short of pulling teeth to get her to eat something. She called me and asked me to order her this because an oncology nurse that she is friends with suggested it. During her second chemo she ate all her normal foods and actually enjoyed it making the entire process of eating during chemo a small miracle. We were so happy that she was eating because of this that we ordered more immediately!
Effects with some foods are more remarkable than others. I found balsamic vinegar tasting fairly like wine to be one of the most remarkable.
I got these tablets to try them out to see if they really worked and to my suprise they do and they made lemons taste amazing. Most of the other items on the list did not taste much better to me but I am still trying some out.
After reading most of the reviews, I was expecting the tablet to taste gross.  It does not.  It's not yummy, but it does have a slight (tart?) flavor to it.<br /><br />My first taste was of a strawberry.  It was way too sweet for me.  Almost tasted like I had put tons of sugar on the strawberry, or even sugar substitute.  Next I tried a blackberry, blueberry, pomegranate seed....they were sweeter, but I wasn't blown away by how "good" they tasted, just surprised at how my taste buds have changed.  Next up, a lemon!  Everyone has been right about the lemon, it tastes like lemonade!  I ate half of a lemon before I decided it was too sweet for me.  I put pomegranate flavored Greek yogurt over the fruit I just mentioned, and had a bite.  TOO SWEET for me!  Next up, some fermented spicy daikon (ever hear of "Dave's Gourmet Korean food"?  Everything is fermented in vinegar and it is DELICIOUS!).  The vinegar taste was gone, but the spiciness remained.  Interesting.  I actually like the regular flavor, unaltered, so I won't be having that again.  Oh, I also tried chocolate flavored coconut water--yuck!  There was a chocolate CHALKY taste to it.  It has now been 30 minutes and I just tried the other half of the lemon.  It still tastes sweet to me.  And then I had a sip of veggie broth (from "Dave's Korean") which is the only thing that has changed in a way that was pleasing to my taste buds.<br /><br />I'm giving the mberry four stars because it DOES do what it claims, it's just not my preferred way of tasting things.
Make sure you salivate a lot and don't swallow for best results. They'll typically last a few hours. They're a big hit for guests. You can even get by with half after you've had one or two. Doesn't work too well on liquors but most sour and acidic foods there is a very noticeable effect.
Chewed a few of these and ate cheese, hot sauce and a bunch of citrus. Pretty neat stuff. If it was less expensive I could see this benefiting those who'd like to cut down on their sugar but still enjoy fruits.
It works, that's what matters. People have to nit-pick every little thing. Maybe it doesn't last forever, but it's not meant to.<br /><br />My experience - melted it on my tongue and ate some foods I couldn't normally eat. This means it worked, and real good. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: strawberries!!! Willing to buy these again just for eating strawberries. Limes are tasty too.
I took these over to a friends house and tried them with amazing results. After sucking on the pill and letting it dissolve for a few minutes, it really did make everything sour, taste sweet. We tried lemons, limes, even sour candy. The weird thing is, they didn't affect the taste of sweet things, like oranges. These are great for a dinner party.
Before I bought this product I read several reviews saying that this stuff was amazing, that it made everything super sweet. So I thought I would try it out, and it is pretty cool, but not worth the outrageous price. About one minute after I sucked the tab I tried eating numerous things like limes, lemons, and oranges, just to name a few. It did make everything that's sour sweet. Not to the point of "oh my god, it's amazing" but it did work. So to sum this up, this stuff was good for a one time deal, but after doing it a few times it lost it's appeal.
The tablets do work but from I read in the description that half a tablet would work- it does, but you have to make sure your whole tongue and mouth had decent contact with the tablet piece.  The tablet dissolves quite fast in your mouth so 1/2 tablet may be too little.<br /><br />I tried again using 1 tablet and had good results- then tried with 2 and had slightly better results.  The effect was pretty good.  Lemons are still a bit sour to eat raw but its not that bad.  Grapefruit is particularly awesome with this tablet.  Limes were in between- still a little sour but tasted quite nice.  Overall I could still not eat too much lemon or lime and the acid content of both got me worried about stomaching too much.
this is a great product. i gave a few tablets away to family and friends and they all loved it. it made anything with citric acid sweet,and even made some fruits sweeter. its a real experience for the palet.
This tablets were really fun to try out. My parents, my siblings, and my friends all loved them and were so confused on how well they worked. Do not drink store bought orange juice though! It was sickly sweet because of the sugar added and the acid in it! My favorite was fresh pineapple and sucking on limes. (Limes were sweeter for me than the lemons)
This product makes me want to buy a Miracle Fruit tree so I can have these awesome berries all the time.<br /><br />The biggest changes my husband and I noticed were in eating fruits & other berries. Store-bought strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, oranges, and green apples tasted like they were just picked off the plant/bush/tree at the height of ripeness. It was like being a kid again and biting into my first :)<br /><br />I didn't notice any change at all with anything bitter. Beers and coffees and teas tasted about the same. Spicy things like hot sauce tasted kind of gross. Savory things like noodles and meat got a slight hint of sweetness, but nothing THAT noticeable. Sweet things like candy and cake were made to be way too sweet to be palatable.<br /><br />Definitely make sure you get the tablet to slide all over your tongue, and don't chew -- leave it on your tongue until it dissolves.<br /><br />If you're a fan of sweet, succulent fruit, but can't get fresh produce from farmer's markets, do yourself a favor and try these. It's worth the price for the fun, at the very least :)
First things first, these actually work. I tried tons of different foods and they all tasted a lot better. If you haven't tried these already, it's a must. It is definitely a great experience
Heard about these and simply had to check them out. Ordered a package and invited a few friends over after a huge shopping trip for an evening of "flavor tripping." That is exactly what it was, the tablets themself have an odd taste (not the best) but for two hours afterward everything we ate was completely different from anything I've had before. Lemons, kiwi, strawberries, cheese, mustard, cranberry juice, OJ, and a lot more. IT all was completely different and was like experiencing these foods for the first time. Everything was sweet and tasted (with few exclusions) much better. I ended up eating whole lemons by the end because they were my favorite.<br /><br />These really are amazing and I would recommend them to anyone who likes food.
Had fun with my family with the mberries, they absolutely worked for all 5 of us and it was a blast! Definitely worth a try!
It really did help my father is a cancer patient and. Didnt want to eat because the taste was no good.well the miracle berry gave him a good taste again
Very interesting. The tablet itself doesnt taste that great but it melts pretty fast. The best stuff we found to try it with was apple and any citrus. It really sweetens the fruit. Its kinda crazy. It was fun.
I just bought the mberry with slight concerns that it will not work. All those concerns went away when I tried it. It was a tingly feeling at first where ever it was on the tongue. I didn't notice anything. First thing i tried was a grape. I mean this was the most delicious grape I had ever tasted. I started try all the fruits and sodas i could. Amazing. People don't realize that you should use it on fruits and things with acidity. It is supposed to make them sweeter. Although it did make one of my cookies sweeter it wasn't nearly as dramatic as when I ate a lime. It tasted like lime-ade. I wouldn't suggest eating a bunch of lemons because this only affects your tongue. Not your stomach. When you buy these you run the risk that it won't work, but it probably will. Very pleased.
fun to try.  really, they're just an amazing way to eat lemons.  you can basically squeese lemons in water and it tastes delicious.<br /><br />I can't tell the difference between brands.  seem pretty much the same to me...<br /><br />they make a fun gift.  don't buy them for a mind bending experience, they're not drugs; they're a sort of food sweetener.
The effect was just as described and worked for about 20-30 minutes. I'd recommend trying it if you're interested. You won't be disappointed.
Fun! Changes taste of so many things! Try it! We almost drank a whole bottle of lemon juice after using this fruit that's how well it works!
I really enjoyed this, tried it with my family and my dad was so skeptical at first but when he took a bit into the lemon he was flabbergasted! The look on his face was priceless. Best for groups of friends unless you experiment alone but the more the merrier! Wish it came with more berries per the price which is a bit steep for tablets and not the real berries which are hard to come by. People said it lasts only a couple minutes but for me it was a decent 15 minutes or more. Obviously the lemons with juice and other fruits will make it end quicker since there are liquids washing it out. Just have everything prepared and on the table before you take it!
I was researching the miracle berry protein miraculin for a research proposal, so I decided to give these tablets a try. The effect was immediate, and lasted approximately 20 min for me and my coworkers. Everyone was completely in love with the lemons, and those who normally enjoy the flavor of lime went nuts over them as well. For some the effect was actually too sweet, and they gave up after a few foods. Other foods/beverages tested were blackberries and raspberries (lost their tartness), red wine vinegar (sweet on the tongue, but not so great in the throat) and Corona (loses bitterness and is sweet if you squeeze some lime into it). It certainly is not cost effective as a diet aid, but it's a great parlor trick to share when you are entertaining.
It works and lasts for a few minutes to make sours sweet.  Its trippy.
For a real tast treat, you have to try these. Sour foods taste sugary sweet. Apples, strawberries and oranges will taste like the most delicious fruit you've ever had. This makes for a fun party activity where guests will marvel over the "wonderful vinegar" and "candy-like limes".
Maybe the miracle fruit does not work for everyone. It had very little effect when I used it. I started with a clear pallet, let the pill dissolve on my tongue etc. Then I tried the classic first, a lime. I noticed, barely, that it was not quite as pucker inducing as it may have been without the mberry but just slightly. And it did not add any "sweet". It just inhibited a hint of sour. Other foods like vinegar, vinegar chips, Guinness, strawberries, cheese, etc. Many recommended fruits and foods have very little impact. And after just a few minutes, I could notice any change.<br /><br />So, either, some people just don't have the same level of effect or much of the miracle berry effects are group dynamics and heightened suggestibility. Either way, they were a let down.
These tablets did work, but were not nearly as effective as I had expected.  I set up an entire spread of foods, cheeses, fruits, vegetables, liquids etc to try and when my friends and I allowed the tablets to dissolve, they only worked on a couple things and only for a very short period of time (maybe 5-10 min?)
We found these tablets to be pretty fun! I suggest dissolving a full tablet in your mouth, not cutting it in half as others suggested. And definitely be sure to move the tablet around your ENTIRE tongue...I missed the back of my tongue when dissolving the tablet so whenever I'd swallow I'd get a hint of the real flavor.<br /><br />However, it was definitely neat to see how the tablet changes your taste!! We tried lemons, limes, grapefruit, buffalo wing flavored potato chips, sour patch kids, warhead sour spray, dill pickles, oranges, whiskey, and wine. I found the ruby red grapefruit to be absolutely AMAZING. The dill pickles tasted so much like sweet pickles, I had to double check the jar to make sure they weren't! Pinot grigio was particularly delicious, as the tablet cut through the sour-ness turning it super sweet!!<br /><br />Oranges were okay, just tasted a little sweeter than normal. The lemons were still a bit sour but I found myself eating 4 slices of them, which I don't think I could have done without the tablets! I swear, the ruby red grapefruit was by far the best, in my opinion.<br /><br />We found that the more sour a food, the more drastic an effect. I definitely recommend trying these tablets with a full fridge so you can experience all types of foods! I'd say some grapefruit, lemons, and dill pickles are a must to try with these.<br /><br />They're great to try with friends, as the novelty wears off after one or two tries. As long as there are new people around though, it's fun to see other reactions to the tablets. Definitely recommend!!
I took one of these tablets, and the results were instantaneous. I drank some pure lemon juice, and it tasted like  very sweet lemonade. My Sister then tried it and spat it out immediately. I then tried a lime, which was delicious, and some cheese. I do not usually like cheese, but i after eating a little bit i was amazed at how wonderful it tasted with the tablets. I highly recommend this product, beacuse it will amaze you the moment you start tasting.
At first i did not think they would work, but i bought them after reading the scientific view of them and then decided to buy them just to see. After i got them i had to try something sour just to see, so i took a half tablet and put some lemon juice on my tung. Amazingly they worked!!! This is an awesome product for anyone who likes wired things or just has a liking of chemistry. :)
These tablets hardly work in comparison with the actual berries. If you want flavor tripping then buy a box of the Synsepalum dulcificum berries or grow your own plant instead of wasting money on the pill/tablets. In my opinion.
I tried two lemons after dissolving two tablets in my mouth.  It tasted just like lemonade.  One thing.  The package recommends 1 tablet.  That didn't work for me.  If you are a tad overweight two is better.
I seen this product on Dr. Oz and I just had to try this out to see if it works. Yes, it works and I can eat and drink lemon juice three times a day.<br />It is a miracle pill. :)
I used the tablets and it made lime and lemon sweeter. It wasn't as sweet as all the other reviews claimed. The lemon tasted like a sort of ripe orange. I let my grandma try it, but she said it didn't work for her.
As other reviewers have pointed out, the effects vary from person to person. Each tablet seemed to last up to a half hour (longer for my sister)and while it did make things noticeably sweeter, the initial taste of something was identical, and it slowly got sweeter after the first half a second. Oh, and sour/bitter drinks like Monster took on a sickly sweet syrupy flavor that may leave you feeling a bit ill after. Don't try Apple cider vinegar, it tastes fine if a bit odd on your tongue, but as soon as it hits your throat the flavor and fumes were overpoweringly awful.
They do make sour stuff sweet for a bit, but sometimes it gives it an odd flavor... great novelty item.
I've had this a few times before and it is amazing. Last time I had it a half pill was one dose so I thought this was a bit cheaper than it turned out to be but it's still great and well worth it at $2 per dose. I like that it also came with some recommended foods to try. Lemons and limes are by far the best, beer is pretty cool too.
The mberry tablets worked great.  We tried a lot of the suggested pairings and most of them had some sort of fun taste after eating the tablets.
I was curious and decided to buy this product because of it (and despite the price).  It worked and is SERIOUSLY cool.  I followed the directions by putting a whole tablet on my tongue and letting it completely dissolved.  Sliced up a lemon and very warily put it in my mouth just to find that it tasted like a sweet lemonade.  There was only a slight tinge of sour.  I would have happily KEPT eating lemons, as they were delicious, the the acid on my lips told me to stop.  I plan on buying MUCH more of this product in the future.  It works and is fantastic!
It was crazy, it made things taste super sweet, some things not at all though. However, this deliverer was extremely reliable and i receiver my package a day EARLY. A first for me with Amazon!
My friend brought this over for a party, and we tried the limes, lemons, oranges and bananas! The initial taste of the tablet is pretty nasty, but just stick with it until it's dissolved completely on your tongue, coating it. After that, sour fruit like lemons and limes taste like the BEST sour candy you have ever tasted in your life and you will DEVOUR them :D
It does work, but only for a short time.  You need to dissolve it on your tongue and then let the fun begin!
This stuff works, but be warned the effect doesn't last very long for some people but it is still amazing. My friend and I tried eating a lemon slice and it was AMAZING... until the effect started to wear off slightly in the middle of it.
A very interesting and fun way to spend an evening. The tablet itself has a somewhat tart flavor, we sampled everything from cottage cheese to beers to fruits to salt and vinegar chips to warheads. Some differences were astounding, some not so much, great little adventure for your mouth.
Just a tad expensive, but neater than heck!!  It really does what it says!  Awesome!!
They weren't mind-blowing, but they were definitely fun.  So far I've tried mine with a beer and a few snack foods.  Everything did taste noticeably sweet, especially the beer.  It ended up tasting like a cream soda.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to some more experimenting :)
These tablets are quite odd, but they do work. They have a sort of chalky taste as you let them melt on your tongue, but if you get past that the effect is amazing. We ate whole lemons and limes. Oranges tasted like candy. It lasts for quite awhile too. They are definately worth a try.
This mberry product really worked for my friends and I. Unfortunately, it only worked for about 15 to 20 minutes at most. It still made for a really fun experience!<br />The food items that were the most awesome included cream cheese (tasted like cheesecake), grapefruit (tasted sweet without added sugar), lemons (tasted like they had grown from a "lemonade tree"), and various assortments of beer (just a different taste all together).<br />Definitely worth the $15 bucks if you are a foodie and want to experience this food trend.
Bought some of these after getting frustrated about not being able to grow the plant at my house (for those curious, I live in Northern California).  I've always been intrigued after seeing numerous videos on the internet.  I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical.<br /><br />When I got the package, I popped a whole tablet in my mouth and let is swish around my entire tongue until it dissolved.  As for the flavor, if any of you have had Haw Flakes from any Asian market, that's what it tastes like.  For those who don't know, don't worry, it's nothing disgusting.  Kinda bland, to be honest.  After is dissolved, the first thing I tried was a lime.  Verdict: Sweet.  Not overly sweet, but still sweet.  Kind of like a lemonade just a tad of sugar missing.  Next up, apple cider vinegar.  Verict: Sweet.  Doesn't taste exactly like apple cider like some people say, but I see what they're saying.  Last test is cheese.  It tasted different, but not exactly a big change.<br /><br />As for how long it lasted, I would say after 30-45 minutes, it started to fade.  After an hour, it was gone.<br /><br />Bottom line, it was fun to try it out and I will definitely be trying out more things in the future.  As for hosting a flavor-tripping party?  Maybe a good business venture.
This is my first time with the miracle berries in general. We got a bunch of friends over and everyone brought something. Oranges taste like the orange slice candies. And lemons taste like lemon drops. My favorite is the Christmas Beers that are available this time of year, they were almost like apple cider. Everyone had fun. Everything arrived fast, great seller. 5 STARS!!!
These tablets definitely made things sweeter -- like lemons, limes, and grapefruit.  But it wasn't to the point of sheer amazement.  They also had an interesting effect on cheeses and vinegar, but still did virtually nothing for beer and wine. The tablets are a bit pricey but they do work.  If you've got extra money, sure, give them a try, but if you're looking for some amazing way to get your kids to eat broccoli or something along those lines then this is not the answer. Fun experiment, but not life-changing. :)
I've tried this with multiple foods, at different times, and with anywhere between one and three tablets, all held on different areas of the tongue. While I could swear there were minor changes at low quantities, this didn't change no matter how many were tried. I'm sure that the Miracle Berries are authentic, but my friend and I didn't experience anything as incredible as people say, or even anything noteworthy. I would go for the actual fruit next time.
It works. i took one, 2 minutes later i was trying different things in my mouth. Last thing im trying right now is beer and it taste different and sweat. if your into trying new things give these a try. i read that it wont work on some people but well chalk this as a did work for me review.
This tablet which is referred to as the miracle berry is used to distort taste of unpleasant(to you) items. You can let 1 dissolve in your mouth,swishing around once or twice, then bite a lemon and it taste sweet. It is an odd sort of sweet. It comes with a list of items you can use it with, lemons,strawberries,cheese. I was using it to try and mask the taste of the salt water flush while doing the master cleanse. It DOES NOT mask salt water. Not sure of a use I'd have for it. It does what it claims, just not needed for me.
In reading the reviews here it is obvious that different tastebuds are affected very differently.  At first I believed the tablets did nothing even though I used a whole one.  Bitter foods and drinks still tasted bitter to me.  Sweet foods and drinks didn't taste any sweeter.  I was prepared to write the whole thing off as placebo effect on the part of some people but the positive reviews made me try again.  It was when I drank pure lemon juice that I noticed a difference.  Pure lemon tasted like lemonade.  So the product does work, it just may not work exactly as advertised for you.
I tried the Frooties mBerry and the effect lasted one hour for me. I purchased this version since it had excellent reviews and was a slightly higher price.<br /><br />This version lasted only ten minutes. I tried tablets out of three different packages from three different batches to make sure it was not a faulty batch. The results from each test was the same.<br /><br />I would not suggest this version of the product, other tablet versions may be more effective but would suggest actual berries.
Quite disappointed. The pills don't last that long (it wears off after a few tries per pill) and not all the food items on the suggested list works. E.g. Cheese. Maybe it was a bad batch, but I'm not taking the risk to purchase it again.
I tasted about half of the different foods on the big list of recommendations. Most tasted slightly different. Some got a sweet tickling in the mouth. I got the strongest effects from vinegar, ketchup/mustard and Salt-vinegar chips. But nothing tasted miraculously better as I had expected. As others have pointed out, everyone reacts differently. The two other people I did it with seemed to have about my reaction as well. One experienced a bit stronger and the other one a bit weaker than me. You could try this if you are interested but I wouldn't buy it again.
Worked very little. Sweetened fresh pineapple but changed the taste to a bit bitter.<br />A sour orange it did help. It didn't work on anything else at all.
This stuff really works, makes lemons taste sweet.  Gave to a friend, she loved it and ordered 3 to give to her friends.  Great party idea, try mberry with all sorts of foods, will change their flavor, fun to experiment.
First of all, these things taste pretty bad. If you can handle the taste while they melt on your tongue, maybe it wouldn't be AS bad. But I really didn't notice much change in the taste of foods. Lemons tasted sweet, but that's all I noticed. I considered trying two at a time, but they just tasted so bad to me that I have never used them again.
this is quite neat!  i could drink a glass of vinegar and it would taste just like syrup!  it is certainly worth trying.
After reading the reviews on Amazon and researching food ideas online I got some friends together and we all divulged.  Out of the seven of us who took it, three of us just felt sick after the process.  All of us concluded that while our taste buds were playing tricks on us, they were not necessarily good tricks.  I wouldn't say sour things tasted sweet for instance, I would say they tasted weird kind of like lychees but not very good ones.  The only thing I tried that really improved after dissolving the pill on my tongue was a Coors light.  It tasted like a pretty good Pilsner after the pill, and everyone seemed to like this, but sometimes a nice cold Coors light is just what you need, so...  If you have nothing left to spend your money on, this isn't the worst choice in the world, but don't expect a miracle, because that is not going to happen.  Expect a stomach ache, a loss of appetite, and then you won't find disappointment.
My husband and I were excited to try them. We bought pineapple, beer, lemon, lime, hot peppers, cheese and wine. The only thing we noticed any difference in was the lemon and lime. The lemon was pretty easy to eat because it added some sweetness - it remained quite sour though. We each let one tablet dissolve on our tongue as directed so not sure what the problem was.
I and a friend tried these tablets before sampling various kinds of foods we'd seen suggested online, but noticed no effects whatever. We used them as suggested, then even tried multiple tablets at once. Maybe I got a bad batch or maybe we have unusual taste buds, but in any case it was very disappointing. Makes me think I should have tried the berries themselves instead.
After reading several glowing reviews about this product, I decided to buy it and see for myself how great it is.<br /><br />After following the instructions, I taste tested a variety of items, that were suggested on the packaging. None of which seemed to have any affect. On lemons, I noticed a slight taste change, however the lemon was no sweeter.<br /><br />Bottom line; the product is over-hyped, and in my opinion, is not worth the buying. I know it's definitely not something I will ever purchase again.
StumbleUpon users, be wary. I was browsing when I stumbled upon an article about miracle berries- a cool new fad that apparently causes things to taste different than they normally would. Naturally, I tried to see where I could get my hands on some.<br /><br />Once I found the mberry Miracle Fruit Tablets, I did some research. I always look at a lot of reviews and alternatives before buying anything on Amazon. The price was relatively cheap, I figured, if it worked as advertised. The aggressive claims on the product's page and the Amazon user reviews also furthered my need to investigate this mystery product, so I bought two packs- one for me and one for my friend.<br /><br />After both of us trying the Miracle Berry tablets, I'd have to say that the product is extremely overhyped, and the experience was, unfortunately, lacking.<br /><br />The way mberry talks about their tablets, you'd expect to have a Willy Wonka-esque food tasting bonanza. Sadly, this isn't the case, and though the tablets do change the flavors of many foods to a degree, it's much more subtle than you'd probably like- no Snozzberries here. I found this to be the case for me, and I was hoping maybe my taste buds were maybe just a bit more dull, but my friend reported the same experience.<br /><br />I'm giving the product 2 stars, not because I hated the product, but because I was very let down with the experience and taking that fact into consideration, I don't think it's worth the money.
Not worth the cost.<br /><br />I have only had these as free samples.<br /><br />I would pay $5 for a pack of 10. I may even be willing to pay $10.00 for a pack of 10.<br />Anything more than $10 is total robbery.<br /><br />So, obviously, $17.99 is WAY too much.<br /><br />This product is SUPER cool, and I LOVED how it worked.<br /><br />But, really? $18.00?<br /><br />Mberry should Market their product as a food enhancer, not as a "Flavor tripping experience".<br /><br />If Mberry does that, and prices their products reasonably, it WILL gain customers.<br /><br />Keeping there product around as a "Flavor tripping experience" will surely make it a passing fad.
I bought these tablets to try during lunch at work. Four of us each tried one tablet, tasted various foods, and noticed no difference. At that point, I gave up, but two intrepid friends went on to try four tablets each. They reported strange flavors in some of the foods they tried, but many items remained unaffected. Among those that were was a fruit punch Powerade reported to taste so sweet as to be very repulsive (like drinking pure sugar), and a cashew which apparently tasted like heaven. Most other affected foods were impacted negatively.<br /><br />In all, we were unimpressed with these tablets. While they did accomplish their flavor-changing purpose, it took a lot of tablets before any change was noticeable. And the experience, though fun, was rather pricey considering how many tablets were required. I was really hoping for a bigger impact.
My girlfriend loves grapefruit, but I absolutely hate the stuff.  For her, it starts and ends very sweet, for me (and most people in the world) it starts sweet and ends bitter.  After we tried the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LXYA5Q">Miracle Berry Fruit Tablets</a>tablet, there was a small difference for both of us.  For me, the bitterness subsided a small amount-- not even enough to worth mentioning.  For her, the grapefruit tasted like one of the "sweetest" ones she'd ever had.<br /><br />However, the real treat for both of us came with the lemons and limes.  Both of which tasted noticeably better.  However, the effect of a single tablet wore off completely within 5 minutes.  To be honest, I hoped each tablet would last closer to an hour, but as is, you're paying quite a bit per minute for these things (we paid ~$20 for ten tablets w/ shipping).<br /><br />Would I try it again?  After the tablets we have left are finished, I think not.  I already enjoy gala apples, bananas, watermelon, oranges, and strawberries without this tablet-- I can live a perfectly happy life without ever eating grapefruit, lemons or limes DIRECTLY (lemon and lime are fine in foods).<br /><br />If you're dead-set on trying these tablets, try it with some of your friends, but don't expect too much.
This stuff is transcendence in a can!  I swear its that good.  The vanilla flavor is perfect, not too sweet to be artifical, and not too malted to taste funky.<br />Its velvety smooth and absolutely perfect around the holidays. (although we drink it year 'round.) Like other fans, I order it by the case for myself and my family at home, I take a can or two to work, and usually giving more away as parts of gift baskets and things like that.  Its perfect paired with fresh baked cookies or alone with a good book when you want to snuggle up and feel relaxed.<br />I dont drink coffee, so Im a connesiur of cocoa-type drinks...this stuff is amazing!  Get some and you will see exactly what I mean.
At my house, we call it Hot Vanilla.  This is the BEST hot chocolate-type drink I've ever tasted.  I am a lifelong chocoholic, but now I order Stephen's French Vanilla by the case because all the others pale in comparison, and I just don't want them anymore.  You won't regret springing for a case of it.  Makes a terrific gift too. Mmmmmmm......
I read all the positive reviews and thought I'd give it try. First of all it tasted stale.  Secondly I had to use 5 spoonfuls just to get any taste and then it didn't taste like the chocolate. It tasted more like Olvatine.  For the young people out there, Ovaltine was drink in the 50's, Which I didn't like any better. We all have different tastes.  For my part I won't be ordering this again.  UPDATE: I bought the Milk chocolate at the same time and decided to try that.  It was delicious.  I can't explain the difference but I'd recommend the Milk Chocolate just stay away from the one with the marshmallows.
Stephen's Hot Chocolate is the best hot chocolate in the world I won't drink any other hot chocolate. The French Vanilla Is my personal favorite.
This has a very dark chocolate flavor that mixes quickly and smoothly in hot water. No chucks like most of the other brands. Milk chocolate is fine for those who enjoy that but for real chocolate lovers that enjoy the true flavor of dark chocolate, don't miss this.
I'm a huge Stephen's fan but I'd only ever had the regular Milk Choc hot cocoa.  Deciding to be a little more health conscious I thought I'd try the fat-free variety.  DON'T! :)  Okay, if you aren't expecting it to be like the regular version then go for it.  It's much better than other fat-free hot cocoa varieties but doesn't do justice to regular Stephen's Hot Cocoa.  I'm going back to the good stuff.
This product is out of this world - if you like chocolate and you like peppermint - you will fall in love with this.  I had it years ago and never could find it again until this past Christmas time at Costco as a seasonal item.  So when I found this I stocked up.<br />I love it..........
I ordered this as the price was certainly right (6 1lb cans for less than $30) and the reviews were good.<br /><br />This is certainly a step up in the hot cocoa market. Better than just about anything you can find in the supermarket. I certainly prefer hot chocolate - but it can be time-consuming to make and it's tough to heat milk and melt chocolate at work or in class.<br /><br />This is the perfect compromise for when you want that chocolate drink and aren't in a position to 'do it right'.<br /><br />Very good taste and dissolves well. I always use a little more than it says on the can - with some cocoa that means it won't all dissolve - this is not a problem here.<br /><br />Certainly recommended.
I purchased this product as a gift for my mom who simply loves this cocoa.  When the local supermarket where she purchased the cocoa stopped stocking it she figured that was the end of it.  Ha!  Little did she know that I would find a way to track it down on line.  And on Amazon!  She was surprised and pleased.  The price is good, as is the cocoa.  I would only be more happy if I could get an assortment.
This is my family's favorite hot cocoa brand. The kids favorite flavor if mint chocolate.
I ran into this product at a bed and breakfast.  Unlike most hot chocolate mixes with another flavor component, the raspberry flavor in this is an equal partner with the chocolate.  You don't get just a hint of it that soon gets lost.  You taste the raspberry with the first sip and the last sip....very very enjoyable.  Highly recommend.
This is absolutely delicious.  Because it is in powder form, you can make it as strong or weak as your taste buds allow.  I add instant Folger's to mine, making it into a mocha.  That also cuts the sweetness.  It really DOES taste like chocolate covered cherries -- a treat I have loved since childhood!<br /><br />I get mine through the "subscription program" along with several other flavors from Stephen's.  The subscription program works well for me since I travel. You can change the frequency AND the address to which it is to be sent as needed.
I was a little dissapointed. It tastes  good. It is just a little watery tasting. Land of the lakes is better. But they dont have sugar free. So for sugar free I can give a heads up on this product.
i found the packets at walmart for 57 cents i believe, but when i went back a week later they didn't have anymore! i also checked cvs and walgreens and they didn't have it either. i was so happy i found it on amazon and in cans which i think is a better deal than packets because you get more product. this is definately the best hot chocolate i've ever had. the peppermint isn't over powering like most peppermint hot chocolates i've had. i'll definately be buying more when i run out!
I absolutely love this stuff!  My Dad used to give us each a can (or two) for Christmas every year, and it was always a favorite.  I've never been able to find it where I live now, I should of known to check Amazon! By the way, I've never tasted a variety I didn't like, but I've never tried the reduced fat kind, either.  I also like to make it with coffee instead of water when I need a little boost, it almost makes coffee taste good (sorry, but there's nothing out there that can do that).
I like  Stephen`s  Gourmet Hot  Cocoa , White  Chocolate  Mix ,because to me  it taste like  Arabian  White  Chocolate ,the taste is  almost identical ,if it had a little  Arabian vanilla  it would  be a copy cat. This  cocoa  to me  has  alot of  class ,unlike the others this  Stephens white chocolate  mix has alot of  class .I just  have to  say  Thankyou  Stephen ,I really enjoy sipping white hot  cocoa  again.  A friend told  me how  delicious  this  cocoa  was ,I never imagined  how  delicious . I am  so  glad  I purchased  it,  THANKYOU STEPHEN , A customer  for  life !  Terry Merrill
I purchased this for my girlfriend who loved this stuff over the Xmas period. Now she has a supply which should last several months.
Without a doubt this cannot be surpassed. I am always so conscientious about calorie count until I took a sip of this. I will just ration it for special moments. Even the cat's nose was twitching from the delightful scent. It is hard to believe that it was made in USA. If my daughter is lucky I might send her some at Christmas. It is a good thing I live alone or else I would have to hide it.
So I am a huge Chocolate Peanut Butter freak, and have been looking for a peanut butter cup cocoa for a while. I finally broke down and ordered this after a few months hemming and hawwing about it. Now I aadmit to not reading the directions the first cup and at first was like wow slightly chocolate water and added a few more spoonfuls of the mix to my cup and it improved but was not quite what i expected and this was made with water(I was at work and had little choice) The next day I deceided to try it again at home in my hot cocoa machine with milk and there was a GREAT improvement!! So as a result I'm going to try an experiment tonight and make a shake in the blender with the mix!!! I said im a peanut butter cup freak!!!
If you haven't tried the Stephens Candycane cocoa you need to try it  but only if you like chocolate and mint flavors.  It's great tasting.  The only problem is that I want it year around and it is only available in stores at Christmas.
I tried Stephen's Chocolate Mint truffle hot chocolate mix at a Church function and it was wonderful, I had to get some.
I've tried them all and keep coming back to the Belgian chocolate.  A chocoholic's dream. I drink this every morning and this seem's to be the most economical way to buy it, 6 cans at a time.
We have been drinking Stephen's Candycane Cocoa for several years.  Our Walmart carries it at Christmas time, but they run out fast.  It's the candycane pieces in the cocoa that make it soo good!  You can make it as strong or weak as you like it, by adding more cocoa or more water than the directions say.  I like it a little stronger - it gives it a bold chocolate taste with a strong candycane kick!  I don't know what else to tell you except it is absolutely out of this world!  All you need is a cup, a spoon, hot water, and Stephen's Candycane Cocoa.  You're set, drink up!  Just remember not to use it all up in one setting!<br /><br />Honestly, the only thing I would change about this product is the number of cups of cocoa per can.  It calls for 3 1/2 rounded tablespoons of cocoa mix per 6 ounces of hot water.  When Sara and I make a 12 oz cup each and each have a refill, we can almost kill off one can in a sitting.  (Yes, it IS that good!)  I wish Stephen's could concentrate this or put it up in larger cans.<br /><br />I hope I have helped in your purchasing decision.
Well, I love hot cocoa but this is truly different. It literally has bits of candy cane mixed into the cocoa mix and it is a refreshing "warm you from the inside out" hot cocoa drink. If you are someone that isn't sold on peppermint in your hot cocoa you just have to try it. The peppermint is very subtle but very pleasing to the palate. Truly different from any hot cocoa that I have ever enjoyed.
My husband is a huge fan of hot cocoa.  I surprised him with a 6-pack of Stephen's Peanut Butter Cup Hot Cocoa.  It actually has little peanut butter cups in it.  They quickly melt into this delicious treat.  We highly recommend this product and will buy it again.
I originally received this Mint Truffle hot chocolate as a gift, and was a little bit dismayed that the instructions say to mix it with water, because in the past that always results in a weak flavor. Amazingly, that is not the case with this mix, even with no milk added this has a great rich, chocolate-mint taste.<br /><br />Because it doesn't require milk, I can keep it at work for a warm-up drink on cold office days. I usually put 4 teaspoons of mix in my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002P6855Y">Aladdin 16-Ounce Recycled and Recyclable Tumbler, Lily</a> then add hot water from the dispenser at work for a perfect mug of hot chocolate.
I bought this hot chocolate at a grocery store because it looked interesting.  We like to drive around our neighborhood and look at the Christmas lights.  I always like to drink hot chocolate while enjoying this outing.  Oh My Gosh!  This hot chocolate was incredible. When I opened the can to make it, I saw pieces of Candycane candy in the chocolate powder. I made it the way that they suggested, with hot water, not milk.  It was so creamy with just the right amount of peppermint flavor.  There were no lumps and it was excellent to the last drop.  I am thrilled to see that they carry this on Amazon because I know that the grocery store only carried it for the holidays and the price on Amazon is much less than I paid.
These folks are right.  This stuff is very rich and we just use skim milk.  Richer than the expensive chocolate shavings we have splurged on in the past.  The tins go along ways too.  The per serving cost is a fraction of buying the individual packets at the grocery store of other brands, but I would pay more anyway because this stuff is so good.  We just had to order another case.  Try it with some coffee.  Mash it up in some vanilla ice cream. Seems like they could sell it for much more if they got rid of the dude's first name.  First name only brands really cheese up the product.  How about "Cocoa Passions" or "Divine Cocoa" or even, "Serenity Now Cocoa".  Anything would Glam up the product name a little. I am a builder, would you buy an expensive house from "Kreg's Stately Mansions"? Nope.  Doesn't matter how choice the work is. I am sorry, Stephen, you do have a great product, I'll stop. Oh well, keep the prices low...Five stars, brother.
I was looking for something to replenish one of my favorite Black Forest(Cherry Chocolate)Hot Cocao mixes and this one works quite well and tastes even better. Keep up the good work.
I love Stephen's Gourmet Hot chocolate.  It arrived quickly and we have been enjoying it for at least a month now.
I just bought a six-pack of Stephen's Gourmet Hot Cocoa mix.  It's pretty good for the price.  My favorite will always be Ghirardelli -- but this does the trick in a pinch.
This is the perfect cocoa to sit by a fire/listen ot the rain/cuddle next to your loved ones. I had to order it on amazon, since it was only available in UT where I used to live. I'm so glad I ordered it!  Choc  Rasp is the best flavor but Chocolate Hazelnut, Chocolate Mint, and Milk Chocolate are also excellent.
I really enjoyed this, and will probably be purchasing other flavors as well (if they are re-stocked - it seems that most of them are sold out).  I wanted something a little better than what I find in my area grocery stores, and this was really good.  The first time we made it, it was with milk, and it was a little too rich for me (which I thought was impressive, especially as I was only using skim milk), so I've since moved to a combination of milk and water, and it tastes GREAT (and I'll probably still make it with just milk, after adjusting more towards that over time).  My house is known for hot cocoa (we have at least 7 options right now), but everybody who has had this has enjoyed it.
Has just enough of the raspberry taste without being over bearing. Will purchase more in the future when my supple depletes.  I had trouble finding a good raspberry hot cocoa but now I know where to get it.  This site will be one of my favorites.
do you like dark chocolate?  wish you could find quality dark chocolate cocoa mix?  this is the real deal!  i have tried a few different "dark" chocolate mixes.  this one stands above others in it's smooth'ness and creamy quality.  nice and dark, add some honey or cinnamon and you'll have a fantastic cuppa cocoa.
I ordered the No Sugar Added version. I usually like no sugar added or low sugar products - ice cream, yogurt, hot chocolate etc. But this one was terrible. Like the other reviewer, this tasted like ovaltine. I had to use like 5 spoons of the powder to get the taste. I don't know what to do with 5 other cans.. I will probably donate..
I have tasted several Stephen's Gourmet products, but the Chocolate Raspberry is my favorite. It's creamy, smoothe and delicious.  I consider it my one splurge for myself.  I have a cup every morning and have now shared my favorite beverage with my son, who just cannot get enough of it.  He has created different recipes with it, one using ice cream.  I will stick to the original method.  It's the best hot cocoa mix I have ever tasted.  The aroma alone will draw you in.  I am often asked what is that wonderful smelling beverage.  Occasionally I will share in hopes they will purchase their own.  Stephen's Gourmet makes the best cocoa ever.  I will drink it as long as they continue to make it.
I love this stuff!  This is my favorite of the flavors I have tried.  I do feel like I have to add quite a bit of chocolate powder to get it to the flavor that I like, but that is okay.  I'd take this over any of the other stuff any day.  Swiss Miss is for the kids and this stuff is for me.  My husband loved the milk chocolate...until he tried the amaretto.  I just stick with this because I haven't found that I like the others as much.  Even though I don't like the others as much, all of the Stephen's cocoa that I have tried is the richest out there.  It doesn't taste like I mixed it with water at all.
My wife absolutely adores this cocoa. Very easy to make, just hot water which for her is a plus.<br />She prefers this over Ghiradelli.
This really is the BEST hot chocolate I have ever tried! And at this price, a terrific deal. It was delivered fast and as described. A+
I love hazelnut smell in my coffee so I figure it will also be great to have it in a cup of hot chocolate. Unfortunately this product doesn't give me a strong hazelnut feeling, just a little. Well it is still a good one.
Enjoy the taste, milk free product. Ilike milk in hot cocoa, just can't see adding powdered milk. B U T, it is considerably less expensive at a local chain grocery store in my area. I prefer a mix of this and Ghiradelli "Double Choclate".
This is an OK hot cocoa. I had been using Land O'Lakes product, but wanted to try this for a change. The taste is comparable, but the portions in each packet is smaller. I still like Land O'Lakes hot cocoa better.
This is the best candy cane cocoa, and it has real bits of candy cane. Don't worry, it's not totally sharp... Most of it dissolves in the liquid.<br /><br />I mix my cocoa with a battery operated frother, which uses every single bit of cocoa, so there is not a single bit of cocoa on the bottom.<br /><br />After, it's really a pepperminty cup of chocolate that is very lovely. Refreshing, I'd say.<br /><br />This is a must with milk, though I think you can do it with water... but milk is best to get the full flavor effect.
If you've read the other reviews about Stephens hot chocolate, well, the same for this one. It tastes rich and good. I'm diabetic type II and there is nothing else in hot chocolate that comes close without being loaded with sugar. Diabetes really narrows the field when it comes to things you can eat or drink so am glad that Stephens makes this product. In every shiny white cloud there is a bit of soot hiding somewhere. The lump of coal is that they don't sell it in Canada and won't ship across the border. That is so sad. Canadians having to deal with yet another item they can't get. Not sure why this is whether US government, Canadian border guards with a grudge, or Stephens just don't want extra paper work. Thank goodness for friends who go on trips down south and bring it back for me. Good stuff.
Purchased original can at Walmart. Of course, during the holidays - it wasn't always there. I got on Amazon.com and found a really good deal on it. My family & I LOVED it thru the holidays and will be taking a canister of it with us when we go camping and using it year round. Good good product & taste!
Make per directions and use half & half to top off for richer taste, maybe a little whipped cream topper and you have have a melt in the chair, soft spot, where visions of sugar plums and the like may begin to dance in your heads.  Yummy and so delicious.  I've purchased twice, first at near $13-each for two, then near $5-each for six of them - chalk it up to when you're buying!  I should make clear that I do not regret my initial purchase, I was merely showing an example when timing can play a part in the value of this kind of transaction.  Please allow me to elaborate that I initially selected Chadwell Retail sellers as I was trying the product, and it seemed reasonable given the value for two to select them to complete my purchase.  I have no qualms with the seller and would openly consider their services on this open market again as the purchase made sense.  Thank you for reading this far and for your consideration in advance.
I also tried the Cherry Chocolate and Peanut Butter Cup flavors and they are amazing!  So thick and creamy, especially if you make it with a little milk!  What I really like is that they aren't overly sweet, and that it mixed together very well, unlike most brands that just clump up and stick to the spoon.  Definitely my favorite hot chocolate!  The cider flavors are great too!
This is simply the best hot chocolate mix I have ever used.  The flavor is wonderful, whether you like hazelnut or not (the hazelnut flavor is subtle.) It tastes like you made it from scratch rather than a mix.  It's difficult to find, so locating it on Amazon was a great find.
I ordered this about a year ago and have repeatedly ordered it since. Everyone I have shared it with has loved it so much they have also gotten right on Amazon and ordered it also. I mix it in my coffee, and when I am feeling particularly naughty, top it off with whipping cream. Delicious!!!!!
Delicious taste---just like a chocolate covered cherry.  I especially like it added to coffee. Will give as gifts this year!
I bought this mostly based on the reviews. I really wanted hot chocolate from Stephen's, but amazon didn't have it. I stumbled across this and thought I would try it. It is white, even though "cocoa" is in the title...in case you didn't figure that out! I did realize it wasn't chocolate, but didn't really know what to expect.<br /><br />The best way I can describe it is that it tastes like a vanilla milkshake, but hot! I happen to love vanilla milkshakes way more than chocolate ones (but hate drinking milk, go figure), but somehow, I haven gotten used to this product after about a week. I have 6 cans now, so I have many more opportunities to try! It may just be that I sort of mentally "expect" hot chocolate and I have to retrain my slow brain! It is interesting and different, and I still drink it, and almost like it, but still would pick pick the hot chocolate over this. Definitely worth a try if you like vanilla.
This is my absolute FAVORITE hot chocolate! Stephen's Gourment Hot Cocoa is all over Utah, but I have been unable to find it anywhere else.  I love it so much that I even pay shipping and handling so that I can enjoy it all the way on the east coast, too.  It's SO good! I look forward to it every year.
This is by far the best hot chocolate I've ever tasted!  All the other flavors are good, especially the raspberry, but this one is my favorite.  I use just hot water, and it tastes rich and creamy!
I am on my second can, I ordered the case of 6 and I keep it hidden from the grandkids.  I never thought you could have good tasting dark hot chocolate.  I just heat a cup of water in the microwave for 80 seconds and add the chocolate.  It dissolves completely with stirring.
I bought a can of Stephen's hot cocoa over 5 years ago not realizing how good it was going to be. After I drank the first few cups I was hooked and could not find it anywhere again. I ordered it directly from the company for several years and even took several cans to the UK with me when we moved over taking care to make them last. I'm very glad to find this brand on amazon as it's rich flavor surpasses all others I've tried. If you love dark chocolate this is it. I haven't tasted the other flavors but would be willing to bet they are just as good. I may order some for stocking stuffers for Christmas.<br /><br />I also like that this comes in a can with a scoop so you can make it more or less chocolatey as you like or adjust the amount of powder for the size of your mug/cup. The pre-measured packs that most hot cocoa comes in are supposed to be for an 8oz cup and most mugs are 12oz so 2 packets is too strong and one only fills your mug half way. If you'd like very rich hot chocolate you can use 1/2 milk and 1/2 water. You really don't need marshmallows.
What can I say??? This is delicious on any day.  Sip til your heart's content.
I love hot chocolate but don't drink milk: this is THE BEST hot chocolate I've tasted using just plain water.
I don't think there is a better hot cocoa (especially at this price)on the market than Stephen's. It lasted me the entire winter and made for awesome x-mas gifts. Now everyone I know buys it and I'm even happier to be spreading it around. My only issue is that I wish they would have a mixed pack; a 6 pack of mint, hazelnut, regular, dark, vanilla and irish cream would really be perfect!
I love all of the cocoa in the Stephen's Gourmet line, but I think this one is my favorite. The other people in my family have different favorites (we all love Stephen's), but we all agree the Belgian Dark ranks at the top for the best all-purpose drinking cocoa.<br /><br />I like my cocoa with a little added milk in it, and starting out with a good DARK cocoa allows me to achieve that milky texture without sacrificing that rich chocolate flavor.<br /><br />As an added bonus, Stephen's cocoa is labeled "Gluten Free" -- taking the guesswork out of choosing a cocoa for those of us who must avoid gluten-containing additives such as barley malt (a common ingredient in chocolate).
This stuff has an absolutely incredible taste. Very smooth and you can mix it with water or milk. If you like vanilla and you haven't tasted this stuff you are missing out!<br /><br />Get it, it's worth it!
I love Stephens Chocolate Raspberry. It is the best I've ever had. Other brands I've tried were bitter and just not as tasty.<br />It stirs in smooth, no lumps.<br />My order arrived quickly, just as promised. I'm a very happy consumer of this product and the supplier.
I tried this unknown manufacturer "Stephen's" and was pleasantly surprised. It had a good amaretto flavor along with the chocolate. The aroma is good. I use it in my coffee for a homemade mocha taste.
The belgian dark chocolate is the best hot cocoa I've ever had so far and my 4 year daughter agrees.  She pinicky about her chocolates preferring only to eat dark chocolate and this dark choco. hot cocoa sure passed the test with her.  She prefers to drink it with just warm water instead of milk as using milk makes it taste like "milk chocolate".  I do, too!
I LOVE dark chocolate so when I saw the reviews of this kind I figured I'd give it a try.  Now taste is a matter of individuality so I'll give you the difference in this Belgian Dark Chocolate by Stephen's and my usual Nestle Rich Chocolate:<br /><br />Belgian:150 calories per serving,  serving is 3Tlb mix and only 3/4 cup water or milk.<br />vs<br />Nestle: 80 calories w/water per serving, serving is 2Tlb mix and a WHOLE cup of water.<br /><br />Belgian: Total Fat 3.5g,  Sodium 240mg, Total Carbs 27g, Sugars 22g, Protein 2g<br /><br />Nestle: Total Fat 3g, Sodium 170mg, Total Carbs 15g, Sugars 12g, Protein 1g<br /><br />I first mixed the Belgian mix as directed but couldn't finish it due to the fact that it was just too sweet for me.  It IS creamy, but just too sweet.  When I use the Nestle I only use 1/2Tlb and a squirt of dark choc. syrup and I'm happy with that.  So I then mixed the Belgian as I do with the Nestle and it's ok.  I can't rave about it due to the fact that it's higher in sugars and sodium than the Nestle and if you are trying to watch those things you might want to take that into consideration.<br />To me dark chocolate shouldn't be as sweet(or sweeter) as milk chocolate, I'm sure that's why I prefer dark chocolate.  I'll even add some unsweetened chocolate powder to my mix at times.<br /><br />But as I've said it's all in your individual taste, I just wish they would have listed the Nutrient Facts along with their ingredients.<br />Not bad, just not all that great if you don't like REALLY sweet hot chocolate.
Stephen's is absolutely the BEST hot chocolate I have ever tasted!  It is so creamy and delicious.  Every flavor I've ever tried is excellent.  My whole family loves it.  I don't know any stores in the area that sell it, so we are thrilled to be able to order it through Amazon.
I like the taste of chocolate and mint. It mixed well when I added Hot water. Next I might try a warm milk.
This product contains partially hydrogenated oils which is very detrimental to your health. I would rather pay more for a product which does not contain transfats.
I bought a case of this stuff (Dark Chocolate) based on the positive reviews. Big mistake. This is half a step above Swiss Miss. It is definitely not up to the level of Archer (Target brand), Twinings (some grocery stores), or Cadbury (overseas or very few grocery stores).<br /><br />Cocoa is the 4th ingredient. No chocolate as an ingredient. Bunch of fats and fillers. Archer has cocoa as the second ingredient and chocolate as the 4th and 5th ingredient. That's more like it.<br /><br />Stephen's chocolate has bad/very light color, little aroma, thin, doesn't dissolve. A very disappointing purchase.
I love hot chocolate and am always trying new ones, but this was the absolute worst cherry hot chocolate I have ever tasted!! I was hoping it would be good so I bought 2 cans. After 1 cup, I threw both cans away. If you want a really great cherry hot chocolate, add 3-4 teaspoons of the cherry juice from a jar of maraschino cherries to your favorite milk hot chocolate. YUM!!! Add more if you use dark hot chocolate.
Ended up with a case of the Stephen's chocolate rasberry and a case of the Stephen's French Vanilla<br />"cocoa."  I really wanted to believe the 100% positive feedback on here, but you should never believe<br />what you read, right?<br />I guess the 1st thing I look for in a cocoa is that the liquid has some body to it. This seemed just<br />watery and weak....it looks like a no-fat soymilk.<br />I added MORE than the recommended amount for the serving size and it was still just so-so.<br /><br />I am just not impressed with the way the powder globbed together and clumped and stuck to the spoon~yuk.<br />$5 a can for 12 serving when you can get the packets of the standard cocoa for 99 cents on sale for<br />the same amount of servings?<br />Granted, Amazon's price is better than the manufactures website since there is NO shipping through<br />here and shipping is at a premium through Stephen's Gourmet.<br />I would say unless you have tried this somehow elsewhere first, do not bother wasting your money to buy<br />6lbs of cocoa mix at one time. You might end up doing what I will have to do when you don't like it.<br />sigh<br />give it away~
Unfortunately I didn't notice this until I received the product.  I guess I'll be giving it away to friends & family that don't mind it.<br /><br />Tastes artificial like coffee creamer.<br /><br />Ingredients<br />Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Corn Syrup Solids, Non-fat Dry Milk, Natural & Artificial Flavor, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin.
This review is for their dark chocolate. Most who like dark chocolate are into the pure chocolate taste and its health effects...not the sweetness! Just as with good coffee, its not necessary to make it overly sweet or flavored since there aren't that many sweet-freak-fatties drinking it. The ancient Incas didn't use any sugar at all with their chocolate!<br /><br />I did give it an extra star just for having a dark chocolate drink product since their aren't many companies that even make one, so kudos to them for that.
Ended up with a case of the Stephen's chocolate rasberry and a case of the Stephen's French Vanilla<br />"cocoa."  I really wanted to believe the 100% positive feedback on here, but you should never believe<br />what you read, right?<br />I guess the 1st thing I look for in a cocoa is that the liquid has some body to it. This seemed just<br />watery and weak....it looks like a no-fat soymilk.<br /><br />It kind of makes me think of baby formula...........the other reviewer who said like a hot vanilla<br />milkshake is close to describing it but it is not creamy enough in my opinion to qualify as such.....<br /><br />I added MORE than the recommended amount for the serving size and it was still just so-so.<br /><br />I am just not impressed with the way the powder globbed together and<br />clumped and stuck to the spoon~yuk.<br />$5 a can for 12 serving when you can get the packets of the standard cocoa for 99 cents on sale for<br />the same amount of servings?<br />Granted, Amazon's price is better than the manufactures website since there is NO shipping through<br />here and shipping is at a premium through Stephen's Gourmet.<br />I would say unless you have tried this somehow elsewhere first, do not bother wasting your money to buy<br />6lbs of cocoa mix at one time. You might end up doing what I will have to do when you don't like it.<br />sigh<br />give it away~
The company does not operate properly I ordered the French Vanilla.  That is the selection I clicked on and I recieved the White Chocolate. They should contact a buyer BEFORE shipping a substitution.
I bought some of this chocolate for my mother who can't have much caffeine. She used to drink Nestle hot cocolate, fat free-caffeine free, but they stopped making it in canisters so you have to buy it only the expensive way in the puches. Anyway, I saw the milk chocolate flavor of Stephen's on here, looked up info and found out it was low in caffeine so I ordered a BUNCH of it for mom. 110 bucks worth. We got it today and I opened it up and all of the cans were minct chocolate flaovor. I thought they sent the wrong kind... I checked my order and found out I indeed ordered the wrong flavor. See, the canisters look EXACTLY the same except the milk chocolate flavor has a small brown strip in the middle and the mint chocolate has a small green strip in the middle. That's the ONLY difference between the canisters. And since the initial thumbnail images on Amazon are so small, it's easy to not see such a little difference. yes, its' technically my fault, but they need more difference in artwork on the canisters. Not only that, Amazon would not take it back, even though it all was unopened, because its "food". and the company who makes it basically said "Sorry, but it sucks to be you". So here I sit, 110 dollars worth of hot chocolate which no one can use.
This is a horrible step by POP to change the formula.  They now use cheap 'maltose' (barley malt sugar - HIGH glycemic 105) in place of most of the honey, and only a miniscule amount of the herbs which were so effective in the original formula.  HUGE disappointment, and shame on POP for corporatizing and cheapening their once-outstanding products.<br /><br />As with the other reviewer, I once recommended this to everyone.  Now I will go out of my way to steer clear of recommending anything by Prince of Peace.  Try Source Naturals Wellness homeopathic cough formulas - they're much cleaner and work pretty well.
I LOVE THE HONEY LACQUAT, I HAVE BEEN USING IT FOR YEARS, AND I AM SHARING IT WITH OTHER'S
Price was misleading, once the high shipping rate was added, the tea was no longer the 'deal' it was promoted to be. Although once it finally arrived, it was half decent tea, but NOT worth the shipping and the wait, will go to my local tea house next time.
I love really good coffee and, in fact, go to great lengths to brew the best i.e. freshly ground beans, purest water, immaculate coffee maker, etc. I have been extremely happy with virtually all of Jeremiah's coffees; and, I have a number of different beans on-hand at all times. The Breakfast Blend is stand-out. Also, try this and their Fogbuster. You will not be disappointed. AAAA++++
An organic coffee for less than $6 a pound (with subscribe and save) with great taste, you can't beat that. This is my only coffee choice for now. I would rather have this than Starbuck's any day of the week.
I have orderred Jeremiah's Pick Coffee Organic Breakfast Blend Whole Bean Coffee more than 5 times however the last lot I received with really bad quality. Lots of broken coffee beans and very oily. Hope the seller can check what happen...I may not try it again.
This coffee is phenomenal for the taste and value. I'm on subscribe and save and this is my daily brew, I typically go though 2 lbs a month or so. This coffee has an excellent flavor and is not bitter or spicy, beats Starbucks breakfast blend hands down.
I was really disappointed in this coffee.  It's a darker roast than i was expecting and the bag has no expiration date.  My coffee tasted quite stale and old.
My senses were surprised by the aroma of the glistening beans as well as the satisfying flavor of the brew.<br />I substituted this bean when Amazon dropped Starbucks Sumatra from their Subscribe & Save program.<br />Now I would never go back.<br />I use a ceramic cone drip filter into a Nissan Thermal Carafe for our brew.<br />For an organic bean, this Breakfast Blend is top of the heap.<br />{{* *}}
This is the best tasting coffee at the most reasonable price for organic! Smooth taste.  Perfect for your morning brew.
You get a fresh, bold, thick flavor from this coffee. Never bitter. I am addicted. I blend it with there decaf at night so that I can sleep. Great price.
This has become our new coffee of choice for the mornings.  It's a good price for a solid cup of organic coffee.  Beans are medium roast and very fragrant.
The organic breakfast blend has an appealing mild flavor. It is very reasonably priced for an organic coffee. I will definitely be buying more in the future!
A great coffee, that is medium roast, not bitter. Yet it tastes as good as it smells. It is also well bagged to maintain optimum freshness.mmmmmmm
This is my second batch of coffee from Jeremiah's Pick. This is good coffee but not as good as their Foglifter. However, it you like a mild yet tasteful coffee, you will like this. I prefer a bit stronger brew though hence my preference for the Foglifter.
The Jeremiah's 5lb bag of Ethiopian coffee is often sold-out, so I've been looking for a good roast with similar value. I'm OK with a more medium roast, but this coffee seems more mild then I would have expected. Still a good deal, but I wish it had more flavor. In general, I've had good luck with Jeremiah's brand, although sometimes the bags are not as well-sealed as they should be.
I liked everything about the transaction, although I am sure that I ordered ground but I received whole bean. I especially liked the price and the speed of delivery.
Cinnamon toast have always been a favorite for me and my family.. Its good and crispy if u dont let it sog in milk to much..<br /> As far as price value its a pretty darn good deal.. i think at costco u can get a similar price for there twin pack according to my aunt but ... i dont have a membership with them so i stick to amazon.. ENJOY.. just keep in mind just as other cereals it has lots of sugars and proccesed carbs so eat wise and stay sharp.
We love this cereal. I purchased this product and everything was great! The cereal was good until Jan. 2012, but of course my family has already eaten the cereal gone in like two weeks. We do eat these as a snack more than anything. I would recommend buying this cereal.
As usual this cereal tastes so good!  The boxes came quickly and timely.  I wish this deal didn't stop!
This is one of the few cereals that I find very tasty just on its own as a snack or as dessert. Crunchy with a  nice cinnamon flavor. It is very sweet, however - I prefer to mix it with something such as Cheerios when eating it for breakfast since the sugar can be overpowering as you get close to the bottom of the bowl.<br /><br />Good value if you can get it on an Amazon price dip and/or when they run a promo.
Love the cinnamon taste but way too sweet. I gave this to my Mother who loves sweets and she said she couldn't eat it either. Need to promote the cinnamin dlavor and cut the sugar
I was crazy about these as a kid! They are tubes simply filled with a flavored powdered candy that has tons of sugar in it. I first tried their cute little wax paper tubes that were about 8 inches long when I was about 7 years old. Goes to figure that my 8 year old is nuts about these now. We used to take our change to the local conveniance store. They came in grape, cherry, and orange, lime and other fruit flavors. Those were very good. But there are also the big 21 inch thick plasitc tubes that hold the equivelant of 20 of the paper ones. This offer gets you a case of 48 packs of 3 tubes each in grape, maui punch, cherry, and orange flavors. Lots of fun from the Willy Wonka factory.
There has been no alteration to the formula.  These confectionery treats taste just like they did in 1978 when I first used to pour them into my mouth.  And since they are wrapped in smaller packages of three sticks (oh sorry, stix), they can be savoured (savored for my southern friends) for a lot longer.
These fruit filled rawhide donuts are wonderful. Our yellow lab goes nuts when we just take one out of the pantry! Best eaten outside or on the kitchen floor, not carpeting,  because little pieces of the fruit do drop out during the feast. Our dog loves the fruity part so much he licks them up!<br />A dog may be man's best friend, but these are definitely a dog's best friend!  Can't recommend them enough!
Easy to follow directions. The grass grew fast and strong. My dogs are eating it right now and I know it safe and healthy!
I bought this for my Guinea Pig and he LOVES it.<br /><br />Its insanely easy to grow. It seems like it grows an inch by the second. 1 square will definitely last me for more than a few weeks.<br /><br />If you're looking to grow your own wheat grass, look no further, this stuff is awesome.
Only one store in my area, Sprouts, sells wheatgrass in their produce section. Whole Foods sells it, but it is a goodly distance from my house so I only get wheatgrass from them once in a great while. I have a bunny who enjoys wheatgrass as a treat, so I go to Sprouts to get it for her, but wanted to grow my own since it is expensive and requires frequent shopping trips. So I bought these kits and decided to grow it myself. First I have to say I was impressed at how quickly they shipped my order. So I planted the seeds on Friday and by Sunday night, I had wheatgrass sprouts like crazy. The instructions are clear and easy to follow, and deliver abundant grass as promised.<br /><br />I have to say, though, that the grass doesn't look at all like the wheatgrass in stores. The blades are way taller (8 inches) and about twice the thickness of the wheatgrass I am used to buying for my bunny. I took pictures but discovered that my camera's memory card doesn't fit this new computer, so I can't show prospective buyers a picture of it. Rats. Since bunnies have sensitive digestive systems and you have to be careful what you feed them, I don't feel safe feeding this grass to her. I can't return it because I aready cracked open the kit and grew grass from one of the three seed kits. The grass is probably fne, but as a bunny owner, I want other bunny owners to know that this grass isn't like the wheatgrass in stores, jut so they aren't surprised and disappointed like I was.
I was having trouble finding pet grass consistently in my area and decided to take a chance using a grow kit. The kit was very easy to use and the grass grew like crazy. Since I have only one cat I am now using about 1/3 of planting soil and seeds at a time and this works out great. I highly recommend this product.
I tasted this Matcha from Rishi the first time today. The flavor is bright, assertive and fresh. It mixes nicely into both hot and cold liquids, leaving no clumps of tea at the bottom of my glass after it was whisked. The tea powder is fine, giving it smoothness, no grittiness or grainy feel. I had it both in water and with milk; in both the flavor was not muddied. The flavor is more intense (bold) than most Matcha I've had, making others seem bland by comparison. Nothing off-putting, just seems more concentrated. It has a good crisp green color, and each packet holds about one tablespoon of Matcha. I am glad this order was for a pack of 2 because I can see myself going through one box quickly.
I love it. Tastes great and it is very convenient to use. My husband drinks that in the car instead of soda or juice &lt;just pour the powder to 32oz water bottle and shake well - directions on the box say to use 500ml(16.9oz) but the tea is really strong so we use 1L bottle)> my kids love it I love it. In Whole Food 1 box costs $20 + tax. Here you can get 2 boxes for the price if you use all promotions (currently 35% off) still quite expensive but well worth it!
This is a great tasting tea. I know it is a very healthy and nutritious tea. But in order to have one of these a day I have to be willing to spend at least $60 a month for this tea. That's two dollars a pop and after it ads up I simply can't justify the expense.<br /><br />I mean, for crying out loud, it's a sixteen ounce cup of tea. I know people spend more at Starbucks for something less healthy but I just can't afford to have this everyday. I can use that sixty bucks for a lot of other things. In fact, I decided to use the sixty dollars and buy dark green leafy vegetables at the supermarket along with other nutritious vegetables. Actually, I only need to spend a fraction of that amount per month and I get a lot more food.<br /><br />I know the polyphenols are supposed to be the highest quality in Rishi green tea but I will stick to buying Kirkland brand (Costco) or Treasure Island's green tea and save quite a bit of money.<br /><br />An acquaintance of mine told me about this tea and how it was really good for the immune system. Due to my challenges with illness and deciding to follow the advice of a person who spoke highly of the health benefits of this tea I decided to buy it. Unfortunately, I get blood work done on a regular basis and after nine weeks there was no noticeable change/improvement to justify the expense of this product. It did nothing to improve my health and the lack of improvement in my blood work supports this. So I am no longer going to buy it. I would buy it if I could pay around $20 for a month's supply (for just one tea serving daily), but not $60. It's not worth it.<br /><br />The only reason I'm giving this product four stars is because it does taste very good. Especially with a few droplets of liquid Stevia extract added to the mixture.
First, the product pictured is not what you get.<br /><br />What you really get is are tiny packets called "sticks" suitable for flavoring bottled water. The box doesn't even say what size bottle it is sized for.<br /><br />I'm not keeping it so I can't tell you how it tastes.
I waited quite a while before following my impuslse to buy SMOKED SALMON AND SPINACHE MOUSSE, manufactured by GOURMETFOODSTORE.  Of course, it's expensive, and I ahd to save up for it.  And it's quite caloric, as well.  However, the picture of this gourmet treat finally DID get to me, and...after returning to this picture and this product several time.....couldn't resist it any longer.  For me, it was my "royal treat", to celebrate the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton!<br /><br />Well, my package arrived a bit after the wedding, (today, actually) --but that's because I ordered it a bit after the wedding, (May 6, to be exact.)  I kept reminding myself how expensive this really is, and how even the Queen saves money whenever, and wherever, she can....but it was no good.  I had to at least TRY this stuff...at least once...<br /><br />The package, marked "Perishable", had stood out in my hallway for a few hours, as I was out this morning.  Upon opening the outer cardboard box, then the inner styrofoam box, (repleate with cold-bags, to keep the pershable food inside fresh),  I came across a small brown-cardboard box which held my Smoked Salmon Mousse.  Inside, was not one big package, as I had expected, but, instead -- to my delight -- sixt small black plastic tubs!  It seems, happily, that no matter how much you order of this Somoked Salmon Mousse, it will always be packed in these elegant little black plastic tubs.  The black contrasts nicely with the Smoked Salmon Mousse peeking through both sides of the large yellow label, that almost -- but not quite -- covers the food within.  The label says "Terroirs d'Antan" in big letterss, and I take it this means "land" of Antan, (and not "terrors" therefrom),<br />as "terre" means "land" in French.  Three ducks on one side and one rabbit on the other side of the central "Terroir's d'Antan" are "inhabiting" the yellow label, and we can see, in the far right distance, a huge building that looks like a French chateau -- and, indeed, right below this, in smaller letters, are the words,<br />"The selection 'Terroirs d'Antan' revives ancient recipes from the vearious terroirs of France.  Enjoy."  But further down the label, it is revealed that the product was 'Made in USA - Distrib by Optimus, Inc., Miami Fl  33138.<br /><br />The larger box in which this individual serving, (actually, containing 3 servings -- 7 ounces), black plastic box came, described the contents as being "Packed in Aspic".  And so it is.  When the vaccum-packing, transparent plastic covering is removed, there still is another transparent layer to be removed.  My own experience with "aspic" had heretofore been, mainly, with learning of the title of a movie, "A Dandy In Aspic", starring the late, (and really great), Laurence Harvey.  I have yet to see the movie -- and have never, really, known what 'aspic' is, exceptthat it is some sort of foodstuff.  Well -- I discovered, upon taking what must be aspic off the top op of the salmon mousse, that it is similar to the temporary, plastic 'dots' that are sometimes used to keep products on cardboard backings, but are (somewhat) easily removed.  A type of transparent jello, actually -- about 1/8 inch thick.<br /><br />Well, finally I had the mousse in front of me, and it was time to eat it!<br /><br />The flavour was milder rhan I had expected -- perhaps because "Cream Cheese" is the first ingredient.  The smoked salmon flavour DOES come through, on occasion, and it is a nice, dark, smoked salmon flavour, indeed!  But there is far too little of this wonderfully rich smoked salmon flavour here.  (Maybe my taste buds came upon a "pocket" of the salmon that had not thoroughly mixed with the cream cheese.  In any event, this product should have been labled as "Cream Cheese and Salmon Mousee", because "cream cheese" is the first ingredient listed, and "smoked salmon" is the eighth ingredient listed, (out of 17 ingredients), and "spinach" is the fourteenth.  (This product was made in the USA, remember -- and if I remember correctly, ingredients here must be listed in descending order.  But -- does this<br />"in size" order apply to titles too?  If not, it should...<br /><br />The smoked salmon mousse has, again, a very MILD flavour.  it tastes very UNsimilar to the NY-type "lox" I had hoped it would.  Here, the amount of cream-cheese SO overwhelms the amount of smoked salmion, that it ALMOST tastes like exotically spiced, and flavoured, cream cheese!<br /><br />The little black "tubs", however, are definitely re-usable.  Of a size similar to restaurant trays for artificial sweetner, they are happily made of "No. 5" plastic.  According to an "Organic Gardening" article I read a while back, ONLY No. 5, or No. 6 plastic are safe to reuse.  So, these little black tubs can be used to hold sugar and artificial sweetener packets, stray coins, business cards, tea-bags, or any other similar object(s).  They can also be used as "portion-control" containers, as they hold not-too-much, and not-too-little of any food -- including, (for reference), about five rounded tablespoons of tuna spre<br />trays for<br /><br />"Vita" foods, (available in New York's Waldbaum's supermarkets, and probably other areas as well, sells a someked salmon and cream-cheese spread, at 8 ounces for under $3.  Ir does not have spinach, chives, eggs, tomato, or many of the other ingredients in this Smoked Salmon Mousse, sold by GourmetFoodStore. It comes in a white, round plastic tub.  As it has more smoked slamon in it, it tastes more like smoked salmon to me.  As it's kind of inconvenient for me to go to a land-based store, I certainly hope Amazon will offer this VITA product, and others, (like their herring in wine sauce), soon.  otherwise, I'll save up for, and load up on, this Vita product when next I go to Walbaum's.  The 'Smoked Salmon and Spinach Mousse Pate - All Natural," being reviewed here, DOES have more "snob" appeal, and DOES come with those nice little space-saving black tubs.  But, unlike the Vita smoked salmon and cream cheese spread, it has more smoked-salmon taste.  And that, when all is said and done, in the end, the main thing that matters in foods, doesn't it?<br /><br />P.S.  One More Plus:  The "GourmetFoodStore" catalogue which is included with every pruchase is an education in gourmet food, all by itself.  Did you know HOW MANY types of smoked salmon there are?  HOW many types of caviar?  Whether you buy anything (else) from "GourmetFoodStore", this catalogue is not only mouth-watering...but very educational!  Made on fine "slick" paper, and filled with beautiful cloured photos, (and also high gourmet-food prices), it is a "gourmet" catalogue in more ways than one!  Thanks, GourmetFoodStore!<br /><br />One More Minus:  Sadly, my food came packed in "peanuts".  No -- not the edible type of peanuts....the STYROFOAM type of peanuts!  It's impossible to open ANY package packed in styrofoam peanuts, without getting at least some of these innocuous-looking, but incredibly annoying little pieces of styrofoam, all over your floor! GourmetFoodStore is not the only manufacturer/ seller who does this of course....but one would think, with the wonderful, (and espensive) gourmet products they sell, that this up-market marketer would pack their food with something less annoying to the customer?  Of course, there IS the TINY advantage in having something packed in peanuts...one gets forced excercise picking up these small, but aggravating, strofoam peace-of-mind-destroyers, off the<br />floor.  OK -- a few calories are used in this way, and, if you are female, you can imagine yourself to be Ruth, (from the Bible), doing some gleaning.  However, I prefer to have MY fantasies when I desire to have them, and to excercise when _I_ decide to excercise, and NOT have these things suddenly and unexpexctedly forced upon me when opening up a package -- especially from such a luxury-goods emporium as GourmetFoodStore truly is.  Perhaps a $1 charge for having one's goods "not to be packed in peanuts" might be applied?  (PLEASE don't make it more than $1!)  Bubble-wrap and similar plastic space-fillers are SO appreciated by customer!  And less aggravation leads to less buying of calmatives and pain-relievers....possibly allowing for MORE money to be spent at GourmetFoodStore!  Please consider these "suggestions for happier custumers", dear GourmetFoodStore.  Thanks!
This is what I consider to be true ginger beer.  It tastes like very strong ginger ale.  It has a bite to it.  It is sweetend with refined sugar, not raw sugar, so it doesnt have that strange molases taste.
The mushrooms that were sent were not labeled like the picture, they had the old red and black label. When I opened the can and tasted them the had a very metallic taste and the inside of the can was discolored so I threw them away rather than take a chance of making myself sick. There is a date code on the top of the can of 0303 which I have no idea what that means and I can't find any explination of this code online. I will not buy this brand mushrooms anymore. I am a mushroom lover and I have bought many large cans of mushrooms in the past and I have never had them taste like these did.
I bought a few boxes of these for gifts and opened one up because I couldn't resist.  They're so damn good I ate half the box already.  I'm buying a few more to hand out for christmas!
I was very disappointed with the quality of the chocolate.<br />If you want the BEST, I've found that Ethel M.'s chocolate liquor barrels are incredibly good - but you WILL pay the price!
These little chocolates were the party go ers for the season!!! They are very tastey unique item.
Haven't tasted the chocolates yet but the shipping was very fast and they look as they were pictured.  we'll see at christmas if they taste good, too.  also, if you go directly to the company's website you can save a few bucks.
I received this product as a Christmas gift, and was pleased when I tried it. The chocolate is of decent quality, the gelled liquor filling is flavorful yet not too strong, and eating a few chocolates is effective for relaxing after a hard day at work (if you drink alcohol infrequently). I thought it was a pleasantly unique and thoughtful gift.
These are simply wonderful!  We found them fresh and very nicely packaged.  I would most definately purchase them again.
I sent this to my daughter and son as a gift for the holidays and New Years Eve. They loved these very much. Nice gift to be shared with many people.<br />The liquor filled chocolates arrived in perfect condition and were securely but attractively packaged.
I often order this product to give to others.  This is a GREAT gift!  Everyone to whom I have gioven this product as a present really enjoys it.  This is more special becuase anyone can give chocolate.  This is different and cannot be purchased at regular stores in many states.
I love liquor-filled chocolates.  I received these as a gift and found the gel-like liquor not to be very strong.  It was almost as if the liquor had been cut with sweet syrup and all the alcohol cooked out. A young child wouldn't even get a buzz from these.  The chocolate itself was OK -- better than Hershey's and Nestle but not as good as Godiva or Lindt.
I meant to order Anthony Berg's chocolates and got this one by mistake...yikes, not a good outcome.  The chocolate is poor and the gel-like liquor is worse...don't make the mistake that i made...
Very much satisfied! The box of chocolate arrived just in time for the party. Everyone enjoyed them so much that I am putting in another order for new years.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KJRF40">Very Special Liquor Filled Chocolates 48 Count Christmas Holiday Gift Box Chocolate Gift Pack</a>
This is a very unique gift for anyone.  Chocolate is very good and the presentation is great.  Great to take to a Xmas Party to give the host.  Eveyone will be fighting to get to try a few.  And with 48 in the box it will go pretty far.  It is not strong but you get great flavor of the liquor filling.
I brought this for my co-workers for Valentine's day, they loved it, rave reviews.  I was really good and I would purchase and plan to purchase them again.
I bought this as a gift.  He liked it very much.<br />It came in good condition and good time.<br />I rate it AAAA++++
You know how the chocolate turns light brown when it gets old? That's how these were at the top. They were that lighter shade of brown as if they were old. That part just didn't taste right, but the liquor inside was good. These candies weren't fresh.
Sent this to my brother in Seattle and he loved them. Good flavors, great tasting chocolate, they were well received. Cheers!
This product is great. I have never tried any liquor filled chocolate candies/chocolates but I got to say, these were a great little surprise. I am not good at describing food or candy, but these were little bottle shapped chocolates that are filled with liquid, which is nicely mixed with liquor. Some of these were stronger than others in a sense that some of them you can really feel instantly, while others you only taste chocolate.<br /><br />I shared these with my friends and they seem really happy when they tried it. There are four different chocolates. I would definitely recommend this to everybody. You just have to be careful, these chocolates have liquor in them so use at caution. Great little gift...for myself :)
purchased them for as a special gift for a boat christening.  They REALLY enjoyed and appreciated receiving this unusual gift.  Received the item in good shape and quickly.  very pleased with everything. Will order from them again...
Gave this as a gift to my Dad and my boyfriends Dad for Christmas this year. They look great and i got to taste a few myself and i loved them they were so tasty and the alcohol was very real tasting. It was a good buy.
I bought this as a gift for Xmas for my best friend, whom loves chocolate  and loves liquor as well. When she opened her gift to find this, she shined the only cheese smile and said " you know me so well". She couldn't wait to try  them. According to her the Jim Beam is the strongest and the Remy Martin least strongest if I'm not mistaken. They are great tasting and the filling is a gel consistence and the chocolate great as well. Only thing i didn't like was the dents on the packaging, noting really to complain about or call the company about cause my best friend loved it either way.These chocolate liquor bottles are a great gift for anyone who loves chocolate and liquor and don't mind them together.
I sent this to my sister as a gift for the holidays and New Years Eve and the review from her was that she and all the guests at her house loved these before and after dinner liquor filled chocolates...... Nice gift to be shared with many people.
Super Fast Shipping! I haven't tried the chocolates yet, but will at Christmas and leave another review then. But the chocolates came in excellent condition and just like pictured. I followed advise on another comment - to go to the company website and save a few bucks. Thank You!
The liquor filled chocolates arrived in perfect condition and were securely but attractively packaged. i am unable to comment on the flavor as they were purchased for a gift. The secure packaging prevented me from sampling the various flavors.
Delivery of the product was quick, however the items are smaller than how they appear on line. Next time I would order the larger size.
I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas. They are a bit smaller then what i figured they would be from the box, I havent given them to him yet of course but i am sure we will have fun trying them. The box came two day earlier then what amazon said they would come which is nice :)
An otherwise good gum reduced to a three-star review by really mind-boggling packaging. I fail to see the advantage of the foil-covered capsule approach. I lose approximately one piece a pack by pressing just the wrong way and having the gum shoot out of the package like a cannon, forever lost.<br /><br />The gum itself is decent, lasts for slightly less than a twenty five minute car drive, packs a comfortable punch, and improves breath. Still, it's not outstanding, and doesn't overcome the poor packaging, so won't be buying any more.
Fast shipping, items were packaged nicely and are as described. Also, very tasty :) Highly recommend this product to anyone looking to buy.
This is real stevia extract without any additives. Most of the companies that claim to be selling stevia are really selling stevia extract combined with other things, like fiber or artificial sweeteners, but this is the real deal. It's extremely sweet, which means you only have to use a small amount at a time, and you should melt it with hot water if you plan to put it in a cold drink. Stevia also tastes a little . . . different. (Some describe it as tasting like licorice, but I never thought so). I suggest starting with the smallest amount and then upping the quantity until you find a level of sweetness that tastes good to you. Because of stomach problems, this is the only sweetener I use, and I like it very much. I highly recommend it.
Sweet Leaf Stevia Extract is powdered, pure stevia.  There are supposedly 400 servings (1/40th of a teaspoon) in a .4 ounce container, so it works out to be a fairly inexpensive natural, non-sugar sweetener and dietary supplement - less than 2 cents per serving and 1.5 cents per serving with Subscribe and Save - though it will take you a long time to use up one container, let alone four.  This extract has the sweetness of 300 - 360 times that of sugar, is a Kosher product, and it contains no additives.  Also the .4 ounce container is fairly small and has a shaker top, so it is easy to carry with you and use if you are away from home.  You could even attach a very small spoon with a rubber band to the container if you wanted to be even more precise with your serving sizes.  I started out using this in tea and I am now using it in my coffee as well.  It mixes fairly well in hot drinks.  It's easy to get used to the flavor in tea, but may take you some time in coffee. I think that it's worth it to take the time to get used to the taste.  The end result is that for every teaspoon of sugar or serving of artificial sweetener that you ingest in your coffee or tea during the day, you will be substituting a dietary supplement that has been shown to be healthy to your gums and in some studies to lower high blood pressure.  Every teaspoon of white granulated sugar has 4 grams of carbohydrates, 4 grams of sugar and 15 calories.  If you normally have 5 teaspoons of sugar during the day in your hot drinks, you would be saving 75 calories per day - a good portion of the recommended 100 calorie per day reduction to help with long-term weight loss.  The flavor of this pure extract compares very favorably with that of ground stevia leaf (blehhh!) which if you add it to tea will just float on the surface.  Also as compared with Truvia or other stevia plus other sweetener products, it is considerably less expensive and the taste is pure - not multi-layered.  If you want to enhance the flavor and it doesn't conflict with your diet regimen, consider adding a squirt of honey or a dash of table sugar to your beverage.  I am looking forward to perfecting a hot cocoa recipe.  Chocolate and cocoa seem to mask flavors very effectively.  I am not sure how to use stevia for baking.  That will take some experimentation and most likely require combining stevia with other wholesome sweeteners.<br />In all fairness, I have only tried Truvia once in tea, and I found that it had an almost cooling effect on my tongue and considerably less sweetness than stevia.  Many sweeteners come in single serving packets, and as a result they are considerably more expensive per serving. Why not start with a pure product?
SweetLeaf Stevia Extract is the best tasting sugar substitute I've ever found, either for beverages or for cooking; but it's VERY concentrated, so it takes a bit of experimentation to get it to taste good; but after you've found the amount you like best, it is absolutely fabulous; it even has a nice slight aftertaste (that when adjusted properly), makes it taste even better than plain old sugar;<br /><br />another drawback is that it doesn't mix easily into liquids, but with practice, that becomes no problem either; it's much better than another SweetLeaf product SteviaPlus that's supposed to mix more easily; but SteviaPlus has a weird taste that's not nearly as delicious as Stevia Extract & it doesn't mix that much better either;<br /><br />I just wish Amazon would always keep in stock the larger size 0.9oz Stevia Extract containers; sometimes the small ones are all that's available
This is my favorite form of stevia. It's highly concentrated, so one small bottle lasts a long time. I have a container near me all the time; at work and at home. It's also the best tasting Stevia that I've tried. And Sweetleaf is a good company. And the price is great!
I recieved my stevia a couple of weeks ago and it is excellent. My only problem is that the four containers were little more than half-way filled, but the total amount of stevia is sufficient and I've been using it everyday and I have not used much.<br />Overall, for the price, it is excellent.
Only once before have I tasted a better chocolate covered coconut macaroon, and that was long ago and far away.  The dark chocolate is lucious and it's very addicting.
my 26 month year old spotted these on his own while shopping at the supermarket and I had to overlook the $8.59 for 3 oz bag and just be glad that was what he was asking for.  the amazon price is somewhat better but higher then Just Tomatoes actual website.  I only question why at this price is all the fruit not sourced from the USA?  I find that a bit hard to believe but I guess everyone has to make a living. some of the fruit is from Vietnam.  The crunch of the fruit satisfies when in the need for a snack.  the fact that he is getting used to a non sugar snack as a special treat hopefully will establish his appreciation for fruits in their natural state.  the 3oz bag does have a lot in it more then I would have thought before buying.
These are very handy when fresh fruit isn't available.  I bought them for my 16 month old and I to enjoy, however they are a little too crunchy and sour for her to eat straight from the bag, maybe some of other the other dried "just fruit" varieties are less tart. Overall they are nice to have on hand, they lose some of their tartness when stirred in cereal or yogurt.  Also good for baking.
They made a great impression on our family members. Great to celebrate the birth of our second Child. The chocolate was very tasty, and believe me... I know chocolate. =)
I bought these cigars and some bubble gum ones.  Everybody loved the chocolate ones...not so much the bubble gum ones.  Besides having a nice presentation, people said the chocolate was actually really good!!!  I'd buy these over the bubble gum ones again.<br /><br />The only thing I wished was if they gave you more than just 24.  Too bad there was not a 'jumbo' pack because these cigars went fast!
Can't say much about the product itself.  was a gift for friends in California who had just given birth and it arrived 5-6 days after shipping totally melted.  The seller gave early warning before shipping stating the weather had been abnormally hot and that they could not be held responsible for packages missed and left to sit in the heat.  I assumed that was not an issue considering my wife was at their home and aware the package would be arriving and I had also purchased priority shipping (additional $8+dollars).  No such luck.  Be sure whoever you are buying these from gives you absolute specifics before you buy.<br />Just to be fair, I have to say the seller was very quick and courteous with responses to my concerns.  Unfortunately she didn't even consider any form of compensation though.  I really hate throwing money away and giving a less than memorable gift at the same time.
I used to live in Winchester, KY as a kid...  I was actually born and raised there, but moved to Montana in my early 20's...  I moved back to Lexington, KY a while ago and can enjoy this anytime now...  I'm very fortunate in that aspect, but out west it was so hard to be w/o...  Can't say enough about how good this product is...  Very good for mixing w/ some good old Shine or Bourbon...  It's a ginger ale, but nothing like your typical variety...<br /><br />give it a try and see for yourself!!!
Ale 8 is the best thing about Kentucky! It far exceeds any other Ginger Ale product on the market - both because of the delicious taste and because unlike most other Ginger Ale drinks it includes caffeine for that extra shot of energy.
Vanilla beans typically run 6-10 dollars for two at major supermarkets. Those prices make me reluctant to use them in most dishes that call for them, and instead I use vanilla bean paste (Williams and Sonoma sells a very good product). But these beans are such a good deal (less than a fifth the supermarket price) that now I'm willing to use them with almost reckless abandon. Vanilla beans really do provide superior flavor to things like rice pudding and custards and vanilla ice cream, a more complex, more luxurious flavor than vanilla extract does. These beans arrived fresh, fragrant, and tightly bagged. They're Madagascar vanilla beans, considered by some cognoscenti to be inferior to Tahitian beans, but not being one of the cognoscenti, I can't detect much difference at all. This product has made me a fan of internet grocery shopping.
Vanilla beans in our area cost $6 for one and up to $11 for two.  I like to make my own vanilla extract and I also like vanilla flavored sugar which requires whole beans.  I probably have a lifetime supply of vanilla beans now, but with Amazon's excellent price on this item, I can use them freely and order again if I need to.  Thanks Amazon!
I purchased a Cuisinart electric ice cream maker <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00000JGRT">Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1-1/2-Quart Ice-Cream Maker, White</a>this summer as well as a couple of great recipe books (The Perfect Scoop by David Libovitz, and The Old Fashioned Ice Cream Cookbook by Joyce Deuker). Most of the recipes in each book call for vanilla beans (in fact, almost insist on them!) - have you priced them recently? Yikes. So I turned to my trusty Amazon.com site, searched for vanilla beans and found these. I could not be more pleased - they are moist, flexible and have a very nice flavor. I particularly like that they come in packages of two, so the remainder stay fresh - who knew vanilla beans weren't crunchy! After I have soaked the ice cream mixture, I dry the bean and put it in a jar with sugar so next time I see a recipe for vanilla sugar, I won't have to scramble. I highly recommed this product.
This is a good deal on whole vanilla beans, which I mostly use for making my own extract with Everclear.<br /><br />I stick them in the freezer to preserve, so it's worthwhile buying so many at once and getting the bulk deal on these.
Great product for the price. Only negative would be the packaging. Since I keep mine in the freezer a single package of 24 or 30 or whatever would be sufficient. I make "Chocaluah", a coffee-chocolate liquor for adult use as a syrup over ice cream. These beans add additional depth to the flavor of the sauce.
Purchased for making homemade vanilla ice cream.  Slightly smaller beans than expected, but overall flavor and price outweighs expensive local bought beans.
Nice alternative if you can't find them locally.  Great gift for the avid cook.
I have a small gourmet catering business and have a couple of dessert items I use vanilla beans for.  One recipe calls for 3 full vanilla beans for each recipe!  One can image how expensive that would be at $4 - $6 per bean!  This Melissa's box was an incredible buy at just over $1 per bean...the beans are supple and their flavor is very good.  As another reviewer mentioned, they are not the most coveted bean but for most purposes they are excellent!  I highly recommend this purchase for anyone who uses a lot of vanilla beans or who can find someone to share them with.  I don't know how long they will remain fresh because I haven't had that issue, but as quickly as I use them, I don't expect to.  This is a tremendous value!!
My cats all love this product just like they love the other flavors. I dare not run out of these treats or I might have a kitty uprising!
Bottom line, this made my cat projectile vomit. I've never had a problem with him eating Friskies before but, I knew "Cheezy Craze" just didn't sound right. It came as a sample in one of the larger bags. Not fun to clean up after partial digestion.
My cats go crazy for the Party Mix and mainly the cheese flavor. It sells for $1.50<br />to $1.89 a pouch in my local stores, so I was looking on amazon hoping to find a better<br />price. I looked at this listing because of the price of $6.48, assuming it was for several<br />pouches, like most of the other listings here. But no number of pouches was listed and the<br />only indication comes from looking at the shipping weight: this ia apparently the price<br />for a single pouch. This is a problem with amazon--quantities are not always posted<br />and you can really get ripped off overpaying. I saw one review for Friskies canned<br />food, where the reviewer thought she was ordering a multican pack for $12 but the<br />actual number was not posted and she ended up receiving ONE can!
Top grade Tahitian vanilla beans, these are about three times bigger than the regular Tahitian beans.<br />Excellent quality, incredible aroma and flavor. Highly recommended.
I bought the Navitas Naturals Chia seeds.  They are great.  I put them in a shaker bottle.  I use them on sweet potatoes, in salads and coleslaw and just learned that they can replace half of the fat in baking.  At first I didn't know if it was lowering my blood glucose or if it was something else but I confirmed it the other day.  I had stopped using the seeds and my morning blood glucose shot up to the 140's.  I decided to start using the seeds again and within a few days my blood sugars dropped to the 120's and the only thing I changed in my diet was the addition of chia seeds.  I love them.  I haven't made the gel yet I have only used them raw and they are like eating poppy seeds which I love.  Hope this will help other diabetics.  Navitas is a quality product and is very reasonably priced.  I will definitely continue to buy them.
When I found out I was pregnant with my first child, I read in a baby magazine about the wonderful health benefits of Chia seeds. They are packed with Omega-3 fatty acids, and because healthy brain function is nurtured by Omega-3 fatty acids, I wanted to supplement my diet with something other than fish oil pills that can pack a fairly unpleasant aftertaste.<br />These seeds are so tiny, and so flavorless, that you can mix them into cereal, or even juice, without ever realizing you have consumed them. I have also found that adding these seeds to my breakfast keeps me fuller longer.<br />Chia seeds are more convenient than flax seeds, and a pound of them, costing around $12 (depending on the seller), lasts a few months.<br />If you want to avoid the potential unpleasantness of fish oil supplements, Chia seeds are a great alternative, and for new or expecting mothers, they are a great way to ensure your baby is getting what s/he needs for optimum brain health and development.<br />Lastly, you do not have to be considering motherhood to consider adding Chia to your diet. It is a wonderful, all-natural supplement that is perfectly painless (in both taste and cost) to undertake.<br /> Who would have thought that the seeds responsible for the (infamous) "Chia Pet" would offer so much more than a gawdy table ornament?<br />Highly recommended.
For health reasons, I try to eat highly nutritious low carb foods. I love tapioca but it's 100% carbs with no nutritional value. I was introduced to chia seeds and it is a highly nutritious low carb food but it is also a fun food. It absorbs 12x its weight in liquids and puffs up and reminds me of tapioca with a strawberry seed inside (and that's what it tastes/feels like). Another one of my favorites is the Mexican drink called: Chia fresca, which is basically soaked chia seeds in lemonade. You have to experience it yourself to know why it's so popular.  One lb. added to liquid will create 10-14# of highly nutritious food.<br /><br />Chia seeds (best known for the chia pet) are high in protein, 5x the calcium of milk and high in Omega 3 oils. Chia seeds are seeds of an herb and are grown in Mexico, south & central America and were the food of the Aztecs.<br /><br />I would think you could make faux tapioca pudding with just coconut milk, chia seeds & sweetener, but I don't know how well the chia would absorb the coconut milk since it's so fatty. (Can of coconut milk, 1/4 cup chia seeds & sweetener to taste) I make it with 2 cups of water, 4 scoops of whey protein, then I soak one cup of chia seeds in this and when it has plumped up, I add 2 cans of coconut milk and sweetener. Sometimes I cream a package of cream cheese into a can of pumpkin, cinnamon and add that for more nutrition for a pumpkin pie tapioca pudding.
Chia seeds are a great, healthy food to add to your diet. I make chia gel by mixing them with water (1/2 C. per tablespoon of seeds), then stir the gel into yogurt, oatmeal, smoothies . . . it's flavorless and the seeds have a pleasant crunch. This brand is high quality and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.
These seeds are perfect for tossing into yogurt or smoothie.  But you must consume quickly.  The seeds draw moisture quickly causing them to swell.  You will be picking them from your teeth for days if you do not drink with a staw.  I have taken them straight from a spoon and washed them down with a glass of water before my "light" lunch and they really do give a feeling of fullness.  Do to a severe sensitivity to caffeine and any sort of stimulus, I wanted to try something natural that would not raise my pulse, quicken my MVP heart and just not make me overall jittery.  These do the trick.  When I drink a meal replacement drink, I still feel hollow inside and want to snack.  By adding a full, rounded table spoon of seeds after a few minutes, I feel nice and full.  These can be tossed into a powdered drink, a canned ready to go drink (milkshake type) and even into a vitamin water.  But believe me when I say, you must consume quickly or you will need a spoon, they turn into a jello consistency quick....which actually is not bad either.  You can bulk up a 100 calorie pudding snack by stirring in a teaspoon or so.  Many ways to get creative with the Chia seeds.  Enjoy!
Nutritional benefits of Chia seeds are incredible. Here are a few to start:<br /><br />*According to studies, Chia possesses the highest percentage of the polyunsaturated fatty acids(linolenic and linoleic) of all crops. Chia seeds contain 60% omega 3 fatty acids.<br /><br />*The protein content of Chia is higher that other nutritional grains. Unlike other grains, it is a complete protein, meaning that it has the appropriate balance of all essential amino acids. About 19 to 23% of chia seeds weight is protein.<br /><br />*Chia seeds are high in fiber, a 15 gm serving of chia seeds will provide 4 to 5 gm of fiber. Our body requires at least 35 gm of fiber a day to stay healthy.<br /><br />*Chia seeds contain boron which is essential for bone health.<br /><br />*Chia seeds are rich in calcium, about 2 oz of chia seeds contains 600 mg of Calcium, as compared to 120 mg for a cup of milk.<br /><br />*Chia seeds have 2 times more potassium than banana.<br /><br />*Chia seeds have 3 times more antioxidants than blueberries<br /><br />Regardless of the astonishing nutritional values of Chia seeds, it also tastes very good. My girlfriend and I make a big pot of "steel cut" oatmeal at night (the quick way is throw a cup of oats in 4 cups of boiling water and just let it sit overnight), put in a good helping of Chia seeds, and the next morning you have a wonderful breakfast that could last all week depending on how many people are eating it. Feel free to add a little cinnamon, peanut butter, fruit, or your own oatmeal favorite additions.<br /><br />There are many other recipes for eating Chia, but oatmeal is my personal favorite. I started eating Chia last year after reading the NY Times Bestseller 'Born to Run' about how a tribe of Mexicans that eat Chia will drink beer, smoke tobacco, and then run up to 500 miles in a footrace the following days. One of the primary contributors to the tribal Mexicans' seemingly supernatural physical ability is that their diet is full of the nutrient-rich Chia seeds. I haven't put in 500 miles. But after previously failing to finish a 26-mile marathon without chia in my diet, I added chia to my diet and my knees allowed me to finish my first 26-mile marathon! Could the chia seeds have helped? I think so. I certainly had more energy and my joints felt better my second attempt at a marathon when "on" the chia.<br /><br />I started out paying an arm-and-a-leg at Whole Foods for Navitas Naturals Chia Seeds, but have since started buying it on Amazon for a fraction of the price. Buy some Chia seeds and make a delicious bowl of oatmeal for one of the healthiest breakfasts possible.
I make chia gel with this and add a large spoonful to my yogurt and fruit in the morning.  I tried to make cookies with the gel and that was a failure!  Great for subbing in sauces to add bulk without fat.  Easy to sprinkle on top of any food product too since they have virtually no taste.  Very versatile and easy to eat.
Chia seeds are an amazing nutritional powerhouse - and to me, they don't even really taste like anything (which is a positive; no funky taste here)!  They are great sprinkled on salads, added to a smoothie, used to make raw vegan pudding, etc.  Its uses are many!<br /><br />Also - I wanted to add that this is a really good price.  My co-op charges almost $20/lb. for chia seeds, and Amazon has them for just over $13!
I love chia, but I have gotten two different packages of this brand that were rancid.  The expiration dates were over a year away.  Amazon doesn't allow food returns, and Navitas said I would have to ship them the seeds for them to check before they would send me new ones.  I will still enjoy chia, but I'll avoid this brand from now on.
I just started eating these recently after hearing about all of their positive qualities and the Omega 3 bit.  I was expecting to take a spoonful and swallow it like medication.  Instead I decided to mix it into my strawberry kefir.  I LOVE the way the little seeds swell up and give the kefir a little bit of a chewy texture.  it reminds me of those Asian drink places that add the Tapioca or lychee pieces to fruit smoothies.  They are great.  Be aware though after you eat these that they are little black seeds and they seem to love to stick between your teeth.  I look like some kind of nasty old redneck with chewing tobacco all over my mouth if I don't floss after eating them.<br /><br />This bag is a nice size and I think it will last a while.  Worth the price.
I don't know if chia seeds are really a "super food," but this brand seems to be very good quality. I've bought other kinds, and these LOOK better. And since I only eat them sprinkled on my morning cereal, it's not that expensive to buy this higher-priced brand.
Seeds are a staple in my household, I always have flax for baking, hemp seeds for snacking, and chia for added protein, iron, calcium, and omega-3s in my daily morning smoothies. I know you can add chia seeds to salads, but I don't personally prefer the taste. They don't really have any taste, so they aren't bad, just not something I would personally eat a spoonful of. Chia seeds are an important to my daily routine because they have a decent amount of iron and don't hurt my stomach. I'm very sensitive to iron supplements, and don't eat meat, Chia seeds is something my doctor recommended I try to add to my diet, and he and I are both glad I did. Navitas Naturals makes excellent products, and I have purchased many of their brand items. In my freezer right now is their raw maca powder, cacao nibs, flax seeds, mulberries, acai powder, wheatgrass, and goji berries. I am always impressed with the freshness and quality. I have not noticed any processing remnants in their products, and they always arrive fresh from Amazon, who seems to have a much better turnaround time than my local Whole Foods. And the price is unbeatable. My favorite smoothie is 1 cup of almond milk, 1 scoop of wheat grass or Amazing Grass, a huge spoon of whatever nut butter is in freshly made, 1 teaspoon chia seeds, 1 tablespoon hemp seeds or hemp protein powder, 1 tablespoon cacao nibs, two huge handfuls of spinach, a banana, and ice. This tides me over from 6 am until I eat lunch around 1. (The Chia contribute a lot, since they gel up when in contact with liquid, they leave you feeling fuller for longer) I'd prefer to give 4.5 stars for nutritional benefits and ease of incorporation, but like I said, the taste is lacking. It is not nutty, despite their claims. It's really a "non-flavor" and wish they didn't lead you to believe most people would want to just snack on these as they are.
Chia seeds are a versatile and amazing food.  These seeds from Navitas Naturals:<br /><br />1) Provide a very easy way get omega fatty acids -- your body cannot make Omega 3 fatty acids on its own and they are essential to cognitive health.<br /><br />2) Provide an easy way to get fiber -- not only does fiber help you feel fuller it can promote digestive regularity.<br /><br />3) Are easily incorporated into many foods you eat on a regular basis -- Chia seeds can be placed in oatmeal and smoothies.  Because they have a rather mild taste, you can even use them as sprinkles on a dessert. I've made a vanilla tapioca pudding with them. I also add them to salads.  Because chia seeds eventually turn into a gel if left in a liquid for a period of time, you can use them to thicken gravies.<br /><br />4)Are Vegan (and therefore vegetarian) -- Fish is how most individuals incorporate omega fatty acids in their diet.  These seeds are fish free.<br /><br />5) Provide energy -- Can be a great supplement to take before intense workouts or on days when you are feeling sluggish.  Let these seeds soak in some juice or low calorie coconut milk (like So Delicious)to help propel you through the rest of your day.<br /><br />6)Come in a bag that is resealable.  You don't have to struggle to close the bag; it opens easily and closes just as easily.
I would buy Chia Seeds at Costco instead. It's 2 pounds for 7.99 and I use them in smoothies, over salads, and lately, I mix them in with Chocolate Almond Milk for amazing pudding in 3 hours chilled!
I couldn't wait to get my package of these little seeds because of the health benefit they provide and plus I am trying to lose some weight. I've only tried them once but they made a lovely pudding.<br />1/2 cup coconut milk<br />2 tsbp chia seeds<br />1 tablespoon of cocoa powder (i used amazing grass chocolate powder 'cause it's all I had)<br />1 tablespoon cinnamon<br />1 tablespoon honey<br /><br />mix well in a container or small bowl, making sure to incorporate the cocoa powder.<br />Cover and place on a counter for about 30 minutes, stirring a few times.<br /><br />It will turn into a wonderful gelatin-esque yummy dessert!
I've been consuming about 1 tablespoon twice per day, soaked for at least 15 minutes, followed by an equal amount of water. They help me feel more full throughout the day and thus I am able to consume less calories. The additional protein and fiber is an added bonus.
I started adding chia seeds to my diet about 18 months ago.  I have tried various brands and like the Navitas Naturals brand the best of the 4 or 5 brands I have tried.  Not sure if the "organic" promises they provide are absolutely true, but as a consumer of several Navitas Naturals products I certainly hope so.  In any event, it beats buying some of the bulk chia seeds I have found at local stores with little or no explanation of where the seeds really come from.<br /><br />In all, I find chia seeds rather tasteless.  The joy in eating them, if there is any, is in the texture / crunch they provide.  Some other brands had what I assume was foreign matter, which made the texture uneven or, worse, hard like having little rocks in the mix.<br /><br />My motivation for adding them to my diet was to increase my Omega 3 intake from plant sources and add more fiber as well.  I have noticed improvement in my overall health since eating them, but I can't say for sure if chia played any role in that because I changed my diet in many other ways and greatly increased my work out schedule.  Just to be safe, I'm going to continue eating chia every morning and adding it as often as possible for other meals throughout the day.<br /><br />As a very happy customer, I plan on continuing my subscription to Navitas Naturals Chia Seeds for a long time.
These are much better quality than the cheaper seeds I bought on another site. Originally, I had them on a six month subscription (a pound twice a year) but I've changed it to monthly.
There are so many miracle health products out there it's hard to know what's for real.  But enough people have said good things about these seeds that I decided to jump on the chia seed bandwagon and order up a bag.<br /><br />***Health Benefits***<br />- extremely high concentration of omega-3 acids (more than salmon)<br />- complete protein!  What does that mean?  I had to look it up too. :)  It means chia seeds contain all the essential amino acids your body needs.  So you could just eat nothing but chia seeds and survive.  Most veggies don't have that, meaning you need to mix and match various plant sources to get everything all the things your body can't synthesize on its own. 1 serving (10g / 1 tbsp) = 2g protein -- higher than most other grains and seeds.  Other plant sources with complete protein = quinoa, soybean, buckwheat & hempseed<br />- good source of fibre & potassium & calcium<br />- 3x the iron than spinach<br />- low in cholesterol & sodium<br />- doesn't have drawbacks like flaxseed does with being a laxative and doesn't have estrogen-like effects<br /><br />***Uses & Taste***<br />Chia seeds taste pretty good!  Rather, there's no strong taste the way sesame does, so you just have more of a crunchy texture if you eat them dry, or a thicker jelly-like texture if you soak them in water for a little bit.<br /><br />Ideas for use: In a salad, added to smoothies, in a breakfast granola or yogurt, in oatmeal, used as an egg replacement in baked goods, on sushi, to make iskiate (chia fresca) -- a Tarahumara energy drink, or just straight up have a spoonful.  I recently made pancakes and threw in a few tablespoons and it worked out great.<br /><br />One thing to note is these seeds can stick in your teeth, so be sure to do a quick mirror check after eating them. :)<br /><br />***This brand***<br />I haven't bought any other brand of chia seeds, but this one works so why switch?  Seeds tasted fresh when I opened the package and stayed fresh during the 2 months it took me to go through my bag.  Bag is resealable, price on Amazon was better than in stores = a good buy.<br /><br />Overall I'm feeling pretty good about eating chia seeds instead of cupcakes although that has me thinking...next kitchen experiment - lemon chia cupcakes!  Bye bye poppy seeds!
i've heard a bunch of great things about chia seeds. i love the texture it adds to juices. I honestly haven't felt much benefit form eating the seeds in terms of strength, endurance, etc but it has helped in cleaning out my system and keeping health on my mind. , but i love the ritual of mixing something healthy and natural in my juices and i love the texture.
When a friend of mine recommended I tried Chia Seeds I though she was crazy, I mean they're Chia Seeds... enough said. Anyway, I tried them because I'll try just about anything if someone tells me it's good for me and I'll like it, and as it turns out it is both of those things. These little seeds are about the size of sesame seeds, maybe a little smaller, and have a very mild nutty taste. They can be added to just about anything and are packed with omega fats, fiber and a little protein. They've got fat, but not the bad french fries and cheeseburger kind, the good kind that your body uses to keep your heart and everything else healthy. And by the way, these don't have to be ground or chewed up (like flax) in order for your body to get all the goodies from them, you can just eat them the way they are.
Great for making tapioca-like pudding with none of the carbs! I like to make chia gel and add that to iced teas and smoothies--the texture kind of reminds me of boba. It is a good source of omega-3s, magnesium, and calcium. Also, the combination of fiber and fat slows digestion and blunts blood sugar spikes. I will be buying this in bulk when I run out =)
A friend of mine has been touting the benefits of chia seeds for years, so I finally decided to give them a try.  I really like them.<br /><br />I haven't tried making tapioca or pudding like some of the other reviewers have;  instead, I usually toss a tablespoon into my protein smoothies or into my granola/Greek yogurt/goji berry mixture.<br /><br />As others have mentioned, they do swell up after they've been in liquid for awhile, but I've found that as long as I drink my smoothie within 10 minutes or so of making it, it's fine.<br /><br />Since adding chia seeds, goji berries, and soy lecithin into my diet last month, I've noticed that my skin seems brighter and smoother, and I have more energy.
I really enjoy adding these seeds to my smoothies.  They add a nice texture, just the right amount of crunch, and I think they taste like kiwi seeds.  I hear they are healthy too!
GREAT TASTING, WHOLESOME GOODNESS AT A FAIR PRICE!! I PUT THESE LITTLE SEEDS ON EVERYTHING! CHIA HAS A N EXCELLENT SHELF LIFE AND NAVITAS PACKAGES THEIR PRODUCT IN A RESEALABLE BAG TO ENSURE FRESHNESS!!
I love Chia Seeds. I got the info from watching Dr. Oz, and thought I would try them in an attempt to eat healthier. I love them in just about everything. I use them in my oatmeal, and my fruit salad at lunch time. I'm much fuller after using Chia Seeds and also have more energy. Bottom line is I remain feeling full much longer. I also have better bowel movements..important with the medications I've been on for 15yrs. It could be "all in my mind," but I feel better since starting the Chia Seeds...I'd be a great commercial for these folks! Now I just need to get them in a bigger size! :-)
These tiny seeds really work!  Other than getting stuck in my teeth, they keep me full, offer additional fiber, and have little to no taste!  And I received my order super fast!  Great product and dealer!
I really liked this product and am sad that I can't get it with Subscribe and Save anymore. Why not? (
Read one of the chia books out there. This really is a super food.<br /><br />The only down side is the price gouging here on Amazon. Chia can now be found in many grocery stores in the bulk bins for around $9.50/lb. $20/bag here is ridiculous.
I add chia seeds to my morning shake for breakfast and I am in love with them. They taste great almost like tiny bobas but better. This particular bag last a long time considering I consume them daily.  They are also cheaper than most stores, def recommend this product.
I'd never tried chia seeds before, but I'm trying to be more health-conscious, so I ordered this with the intent to put them in my overnight oatmeal. They're great! A little goes a long, long way. I had no problems with bloating, they taste like nothing, and they pack a nutritional wallop. I've since added them to quinoa and couscous, and have a bread recipe I'm planning to try. Great value. I'll buy them again.
I am in Chia heaven. I have been wanting to try Chia since reading about its versatility and health benefits but I waited, put off by the steep, in-market, price tag.  Navitas Naturals Chia Seeds, purchased via Amazon, are half the price of the in-store product.  I was worried about how long it would take for them to arrive and also about how fresh they would be since seeds can spoil and become rancid.  The product arrived promplty, within 2 mailing days and was fresh and delicious.  I have since been using it in smoothies in place of flax seed,  and creating very nutritious desert blends. They have a texture similar to tapioca ( but smaller) when mixed with liquid. I am a fan and would encourage you if you are interested in supplementing your diet with  Chia seeds to look up recipes on line and experiment. Do your pocket book a favor though, and skip the super market, or health food store for Chia Seeds.  The mark-up is high.  Purchase Navitas Naturals Chia Seeds online.
I'm all about the natural superfoods, so it's no surprise I got this.  Not only does it make you feel fuller for longer, it is also a natural thickener.  When my hummus looked a bit runny, I just added some chia to it and it thickened up really well.
I bought Nutiva organic chia seeds before, two pouches 14 ounces each - $16.24 with tax, this brand in one 16-ounce pouch $14.83. The quality and the taste are the same, but the latter one is WAY much more expensive. Buy Nutiva Organic Chia seeds, not Navitas. In terms of the taste, I usually toast mine and add them everywhere - cereal, yogurt, oatmeal, etc. Tastes great and full of fiber.
These are great, only wish I had tried them earlier.  I had originally put off purchasing these thinking I wouldn't use them, but I was wrong.  I use these daily, in oatmeal, yogurt, on top of salad, mixed into soup.  They taste like whatever you mix them with and really help you feel full longer!  Highly recommend!
I love adding chia seeds to my oatmeal or yogurt.  It makes the food more filling and doesn't affect flavor.
Love this stuff! I make my own granola and add it in. Will definitely buy again.
I got this here last week, its yummy.<br />I soak some in juice overnight and put it in smoothies<br />or mix it with yogurt.
Learning that we Americans have an imbalance of omega3 vs. omega6, I was glad to find something to correct the imbalance without putting in too much effort. Chia doesn't taste like anything. Just looks like mini dinosaur eggs! I use two tablespoons of chia in a large cup of water with matcha and a little bit of crystal light. It's fun to drink it when the seeds bloat like tomato seeds!
I love eating Chia Seeds and they are so filling I  put them in my oatmeal everyday. They help me with my digestive system!
People that research this product knows that is good to lower your cholesterol and is a great food for busy people that can have just juice for breakfast. The seller was extra nice and took care of me cause my package got lost in the mail and now I finally got it :)<br />Thanks guys!!!
Navitas Naturals Chia seed have become a favorite. It was easy to set up the next delivery date to enjoy these healthy seeds. I am sad Amazon has removed them from the auto-ship program. I will continue to buy them for as long as they are available for their health benefits.
I like the taste and texture over all. I'd put it in my oatmeal every morning. as far as the energy it's supposed to give, I'm not sure yet. I also used it in stir-fry instead of sesame seeds. It's a great product overall.
This simple yet tasteless product did what it said it would, thicken gravy and soups. This product in my opinion should be used in the morning before work or people who are studing late nights as Chia makes you energized.
I just found about chia seeds and I actually bought this bag so I could plant them. The seeds are growing like weeds and I've discovered that they are great in my foods also! My husband put them in a tomato sauce to thicken it, I add a teaspoonful to my cereal, and a tablespoon to my lemonade. They're fun to eat and take on the flavor of what ever I'm making!
Came quickly and good value for the price. Product was fresh and of decent quality, I would  order this again.
If you put two teaspoons of chia seeds in a bowl of vanilla almond milk and let it sit for a couple of hours, it makes the seeds more bearable to eat.
These are great in juice mix.  What I usually do is mix a tablespoon or two in a glass with half-way filled water.  Stir continuously for the next minute or two (this is to keep the seed separated so they don't stick together in small chunks, do this and they will float in the drink mix), then fill up the glass with your prefer choice of juice or organic juice (guava, prune, coconut, etc), stir in a tiny bit of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00014J2UO">KAL - Pure Stevia Extract Powder, 3 oz powder</a>.  Let the drink sit for at least 15 minutes (remember to stir it every minute so that the gel coat on those seeds are formed evenly and they will float).  Drop in a cube or two of ice when ready to serve....you'll be amazed!
The chia seeds are fresh, shiny and clean.  It is easy to use them and add to various recipes because you hardly see or taste them.  You just know they are there to make you healthier!
I got this product because I used to buy chia water in Kreation cafe, and they sell one bottle for like $6. This little bag can make at least c hundred of these bottles, if not much more. What a great saving! I make a bottle (or two) of chia water, add agave syrup and stevia to it and slowly drink throughout the day. These seeds have so many benefits! And I LOVE the smooth sensation of them on my tongue. It's a fun water, and I am buying more. For now I have been using it for about 2 weeks, and my bag is still almost fool.
I absolutely love these Navitas Naturals Chia Seeds. I have been using them in and on various meals for over a year now, and I now rely on them so much that I finally decided to subscribe to ordering them through amazon. I cook for myself and one other person, use these on at least one meal per day (helps digestion and provides key nutrients for my vegetarian diet!) and I usually need a new bag every other month. These are just like poppy seeds in texture and size, and I find them perfect for sprinkling on salads, soups and pasta dishes. But honestly, they're excellent in anything for added texture and nutrients!
Muy buen producto, el cierre del empaque es fant&aacute;stico. Adem&aacute;s de todos los beneficios que tiene como antioxidante.<br />Lo recomiendo ampliamente.<br />Good product
Okay so the doctor didn't 'order' these but I read about a lot of their benefits and love adding them to smoothies etc. The product came fresh and is definitely a good buy- will be ordering again!
It was always hard for me to buy this product locally - perhaps because it's so popular! I find these little chia seeds a good way to sneak in some extra nutrition and add some "fill" to my smoothies (otherwise all fruit + water or OJ). I've snuck them into other things too - oatmeal, salad, soups. If you add it to something wet, just note that the tiny seeds (think poppy seeds) will "swell" and turn a bit gummy. This isn't a big deal, but it changed the taste of my absolute favorite soup... so I don't think I'll try it in that one again (lentil). I drink my smoothies quick, so I add these as the last step, and I don't think they have much time to swell. The seeds themselves are pretty tasteless to me, just little black dots. WARNING: THEY WILL STICK IN YOUR TEETH! Seriously. These are an "at home" item only - when I can brush my teeth or swish well after. Don't try them at work, or before a big meeting, etc. Overall, I don't think they have changed my world... but a good little supplement/boost, and Amazon had them easy to get, and a great price compared to my local market. I took off a star because of the tooth concerns... but otherwise I wasn't expecting magic. They met my expectations and came fresh and well packaged.
Title says it all, a Excellent quality product and Excellent service at a fair price. Product came ahead of time and as expected.
This is the first time I ordered these and they blend right into my smoothies! They seem a good quality and a decent price!
I add these Chia seeds to my Scottish oatmeal. Nutritious and yummy.<br /><br />Do I have more energy? Yes and I am attributing it to the Chia seeds.
I tried the chia seeds because I was told they are a great source of fiber and have all the omegas in them.I am very pleased with the product and they give me enery. Would highly recommend them to anyone.
I am not much on stuff like this, but having some issued that I think this item will take care of, I got some here - local shops did not carry it, prices at flea markets and food shops were - just to high. The price from Amazon was very good.<br />I no longer have need of this item - but if the condition returns - so will I, HERE!
I highly recommend the hearty satisfying Chia seeds, for a snack or a meal, packed with protein and fiber - I often add it to waffles and other recipes!
I add this to my morning steel cut oats and its awesome! A little in my smoothie is really good and I also put this in my Banana Bran muffin recipe too !
We use these in smoothies, pancakes, waffles and even our vegan burger patties.  You don't notice them, but they add a great consistency and texture and it also helps as a binding agent in place of eggs.
I'm very happy with this product. It was less expensive here than at my local Whole Foods and having purchased other Navitas items, I can say that it is quickly becoming a favorite brand.
I add a teaspoon to my protein powder for additional nutrition and because they have no flavor the chocolate taste is not affected plus Chia seeds thicken my concoction.
I just love these seeds, got them second time and use them more often. They gel way faster and better than flax seeds and you can substitute these in many dishes (i am vegan and I am allergic to dairy products)... Love the quality of this product!
I really like them, I add them to my smoothies for lunch and it makes them more filling and I like the flavor!
Where to start on this one. These little seeds had been on my wishlist for at least three months before i actually bought them. I am a vegan and take my nutrition very seriously. All the hype about what a 'superfood' chia seeds were i figured this was just the next new thing. I did some research, looked at the nutritional benefits and facts and figured if i hated them it wouldn't be too long until i finished the pouch. I make cream of wheat in the morning with a tablespoon of flaxseeds, one cup of almond milk, one cup water, and 4 tablespoons of a nut mixture i made of raw almonds, cashews, walnuts, dried blueberries, cranberries and golden raisins. I purposely make it loose so i feel fuller longer. The chia seeds let me keep the volume of breakfast without adding too many calories. Now my cream of wheat is not so soup like and it has extra fiber protein and the good fats. I am pleased with this product and am going to contiune to use it.
I love the Nativa brand, however, they always seem to leave out very important details on their packaging.<br /><br />I heard so many praises about how much better the Chia seeds are than Flax seeds.<br /><br />Upon arrival I opted to use these in my salad as opposed to the flax seeds I've been using.<br /><br />The Chia seeds caused the most horrible and painful bloating I ever experienced. Granted, I did use the full serving size, but since then I lowered the amount and STILL with even just a quarter of a teaspoon or less I get the bloating.<br /><br />I have since switched back to the Flax seeds which didn't wreak havoc on my intestinal tract.<br /><br />I am hoping I can find some way to use these seeds in the future because I hate seeing anything go to waste.<br /><br />My advice if you are set on trying the Chia seeds is to start out with a very low amount!!! And stick with that low amount until your stomach builds up a tolerance for these seeds.
I bought this product not that many months ago and loved it BUT no longer buying this brand because it doubled in price! I bought it for $10 originally. Will buy another brand.
I bought these to put in smoothies and they do not totally grind up in the blender.  I am going to try to grind them by hand before i add to the blender. It all depends on your texture preference.  I do not mind seeds from fruits but these bugged me!
Tried one bag to test out and liked them enough to order three more bags.  I make eskate (sp?) using chia, water, and lime juice and I also have been putting them into homemade peanutbutter and oatmeal energy bars.  Can't speak to this brand vs other brands as this is the only brand I have tried.  I can say that I was pleased enough to stick with this brand for the re-order.
These may last forever at 1T every day in my morning shake since I'm having trouble finding recipes for other ways to use these seeds, but they will keep (in a sealed plastic container).
This was the first time I tried purchasing a food product over the internet, and as feared I was sent something other than what was pictured.<br /><br />This package contains Chia Seed POWDER, which I assume is ground up seed (or the remainder from packaging whole seeds) that you have no way of identifying whether or not has additional filler.<br /><br />Not going to bother returning a $7 product, but just disappointed when the page advertises whole seeds.
I was surprised by the number of 5 star reviews of this product. Its a tiny gritty seed that gets stuck in every corner of your mouth and the taste is like nothing. Kind of like poppy seeds but with out the taste. I finally ask myself why am I eating this annoying seed and put it out back in the bird feeder unfortunately they don't seem to like it much either.
If you love BBQ Oysters, this is the original west coast BBQ sauce! After 30 years, it's nice to be able to buy this outside of Pt Reyes.
I bought the Wilton Cookies and Cream Brownie Crunch for decorating cake balls, and it was a hit.  I can't wait to try it on top of brownies.  YUM!
Earth Mama Angel Baby Organic Heartburn Tea did not cure my heartburn.  In fact, I'm currently 29 weeks' pregnant, and have tried (with my doctor's approval) Tums, Pepcid (famotidine), Papaya Enzymes, pathetically bland food and loads of vanilla ice cream, but nothing has singlehandedly *cured* my heartburn.<br /><br />However, this tea does help, depending on the type and severity of the heartburn.  Marshmallow, the useful ingredient, works by helping to coat your stomach and digestive tract.  When one of my friends recommended this tea to me, she explained, "It won't stop the acid from being produced, or stop it from coming up, but it will make the whole experience less painful and nasty."  I couldn't agree more.  Subsequently, it's not as effective for combating the I-shouldn't-have-eaten-that-salsa type of heartburn, but is pretty useful for the 2-am-lying-in-bed-without-gravity-to-help-keep-food-down-it-just-won't-stay-down type of heartburn.  In fact, pair the Earth Mama tea with sleeping in a recliner, and the 2 am burn is no longer one of my concerns.<br /><br />The taste of the tea is sort of grassy with a bit of mint.  I don't find it too bitter to drink without a sweetener.  My best tip for making the tea work well is to start drinking it before the heartburn becomes a problem.  I usually brew a large cup to have with my dinner, then reserve a few mouthfuls' worth of the tea to sip during the night when I wake up.  The taste is fine when the tea is cold, and I find it no less effective.<br /><br />Overall, I recommend Earth Mama Angel Baby Organic Heartburn Tea.
I am only 12 weeks pregnant and had the worst case of heartburn/indigestion. I was sick dawn till dusk. My mom found this tea and the first day I drank 3 cups and it eased my symptoms a bit, but continued using it. Day 2...No heartburn/indigestion at all! I am on day 4 and still going strong and feeling better than ever! Thank God for moms and this tea!
This is a pleasant tea, it tastes mostly of chamomile.  Unfortunately for me, it doesn't do too much to squelch heartburn.  I'm now 36 weeks along and have had heartburn almost the whole time, and I was hoping this would help out but it really hasn't had an effect. I do like the tea just as a mild beverage, but I can't recommend it for pregnancy related heartburn.
WOW!  I didn't expect that this would work last night, but it did!  I had the worst case of heartburn at 10 weeks along, and after not being able to eat dinner and 4 tums, it wasn't getting any better.  My best friend just bought me the Earth Mama Angel Baby tea sampler the other day and I had a lightbulb moment, remembering the heartburn tea was in there.  I figured it was worth a shot, not having eaten dinner and feeling nauseous and miserable.  Within a half an hour, the tea helped me to let out a couple of good burps and the hearburn finally eased.  I'm not usually so excited about something to go out and write a review, but am hoping this might help some other mamas 2 be in need as well.  I am putting in an order to get some more of this today.  Will be good to have a box on hand at home and at work.  The taste is very nice too, so I am beyond pleased!
We first had these sardines in St. Petersburg, Russia and they were the very best sardines I had ever tasted.  I returned home and lo and behold they had the same sardines at our local market.  The next time I looked the didn't carry them anymore.  So I looked online and found them through Amazon at Taylors Market (somehow they can get these sardines at the Finnish store Stockmens in St Petersburg, but we are unable to get them in the United States).  My order will expire on March 27th and I still don't have the sardines, but I reordered today through a different supplier at a much greater cost, but I hope I receive them this time.  They are YUMMY!
You think you're doing something good for your kid when you invest a little more to get an organic formula.  Sadly, that's not the case here.  This is a horrifically constipating formula...lots of pain and straining, guaranteed.  Having to take measures to prevent this (offering juices, water, etc) is just not a sensible approach.<br /><br />Also, the manufacturers use sucrose instead of lactose to save money, and they use a LOT of it.  With the same sweetness as country time lemonade, Similac Organic's sucrose-based formula may also set your child up for future diabetes.  Check the NY Times article for more info on this.<br /><br />Bottom line: painful constipation in the near term, possible diabetes and certainly a sweet tooth in the future...no, thanks!
2.0 out of 5 stars Read this article first, August 11, 2009<br />By  Pregbaby (Florida) - See all my reviews<br />I thought I was doing the right thing by buying organic and thought Similac was a brand I could trust to be good for baby. That is, until I came across this NY Times article about the sugar they use... [...]<br /><br />From the article:<br /><br />Parents may be buying [Similac Organic] because they believe that organic is healthier, but babies may have a reason of their own for preferring Similac Organic: it is significantly sweeter than other formulas. It is the only major brand of organic formula that is sweetened with cane sugar, or sucrose, which is much sweeter than sugars used in other formulas.<br /><br />No health problems in babies have been associated with Similac Organic. But to pediatricians, there are risks in giving babies cane sugar: Sucrose can harm tooth enamel faster than other sugars; once babies get used to its sweeter taste, they might resist less sweet formulas or solid foods; and some studies suggest that they might overeat, leading to rapid weight gain in the first year, which is often a statistical predictor of childhood obesity.
Our baby is very happy with his Similac organic ready to drink formula.<br />He is also very happy with the regular formula in the blue bottle, which we feed him when the organic is not available.<br /><br />He did not really like the formula when we had to mix it from powder.<br />He is ten months old now and he rarely spits up, always smiles and is the most content baby anybody has ever seen.<br /><br />I attribute that to awesome parenting and not to the formula.
I was looking for a formula to supplement my breastmilk for my twins (I have never made enough). I was given Similac Advanced in the hospital in the little two ounce bottles, so I started there. When we ran out of the free samples, we tried to switch to the powdered Similac Advanced, it gave my girls horrible gas. I didn't realize that the two might be different. When we went back to pre-mix to try to resolve the gas issue, I bough a couple of bottles of the organic to try out. I felt like I would rather feed my children organic ingredients over conventional ones if all else was equal. I also looked at the Similac for gas and fussiness and sugar is the first ingredient. Um, no thanks. I felt that the organic milk ingredients were closest to the ingredients in breastmilk (what they get 3 out of 5 feedings a day), so I was happy when they took to it easily and without gas. For the record, we have had ZERO problems with constipation. If I have to feed formula (which unfortunately I do for some of their feedings), I'm glad that I have this formula as an option!
I am not a great milk producer and ha e had to supplement my last 4 children, with two I made my own, with the next I used the powder, not that I have my sixth baby I wanted something quick and easy but also organic.  I have been happy with this so far.  I don't like using formula but I decided it was better than killing myself with constant pumping and stressing that I did not have enough!<br />Price was better than the store, I would love to see it on subscribe and save though.
Great product, our daughter loves this and has been gaining weight great.  We try to get as many organic foods as possible for us and our daughter.  This is one of the few options that are available in ready mix.  We don't have much time in the morning or evening so this works great for us.  First we were mixing breast milk and similac advanced and she was doing great.  Then we wanted to go to organic and moved to this.  When we were doing both breast milk and this we noticed she pooped far less, not a bad thing and never farther than 36 hours.  Now she only drinks this formula and poops a few times a day and is growing great.  We started her on this at about 1.5 months a few ounces a day (sometimes mixed with breast milk , and now she is 5 months old and eating about 32 ounces a day (a regular little chubbers).<br /><br />On a side note if you ever tasted breast milk, this tastes as close to that as any formula we tried.  Some formulas are so nasty smelling and tasting its a wonder any baby eats them...<br /><br />Cheers!
This is a good product and very high-quality. The majority of people who post on Amazon (and the internet) are not medical providers and are not the least bit inclined in the area of sciences or infant nutrition. There's a large amount of misinformation out there and the misinformation is evident and propagated throughout the reviews for this formula. As for this product specifically (Similac Organic), it is the top echelon of quality with regard to consistency and nutritional value. We've had great success with this product and are very pleased overall as an adjunct to breastmilk. Abbott labs (product maker) is a very large research reagent laboratory for the medical sciences and they have very rigorous quality controls in-place, published research, and they also provide reagents to the scientific research community (exacting standards). That said, I would be less inclined to trust some of the other small makers of formula (ie. other organic products suggested as "better" in these reviews - especially the referenced small-name organic powders). All said and done, the components in ALL of the Similac products are the highest quality and monitored with advanced scientific protocols and are well-researched in published studies. I'd trust this brand - Similac, over the smaller, no-names. Plain and simple. Keep in mind it's what best suits your baby and with nascent/developing GI tracts, ALL babies will experience some degree of gas and discomfort regardless of the formula or nutritional source (even breastmilk). It's sad to see people in these reviews propagating misinformation as they are neither pediatricians/physicians. Do your own research and best to avoid those with ulterior motives, as well as the misinformative reviews and internet blogs that are overly slanted or biased.
I was NEVER going to give my children formula... after my first child was born I did not produce enough milk and had to supplement.  We tried all different types of formula from many name brands.  Unfortunately he had adverse reactions to everything we tried, including soy products.  We finally tried Organic Similac.  This was by far the most expensive, so we started with the powder.  This stayed down & he didn't have any reactions (rashes, hives, throwing up, etc).  After a couple of months he began spitting up a little powdery substance (guess we didn't mix well enough).  We then tried the Premixed Similac Organic.  Voila!  Perfect.  No adverse reactions, he was happy & healthy.<br /><br />We've had 2 more children & both have also used the Premixed Organic Similac.  Neither of them have had an problem with the formula & according to the Doctor they are all very healthy children.  To me that is what's most important. :)
As far as I can tell, this is the only organic "ready to feed" formula on the US market (Earth's Best only comes in powder form).  It's about time!!!!  It's CHEAPER on Amazon than from the Similac online store.
I switched from Similac Advanced to Organic when my daughter was 1 month old. She is almost 5 months now, no problems at all! She loves it!
we switched from the advance similac to the organic product thinking it would be better as we prefer organic foods ourselves. it was a disaster with our 2 month old baby getting constipated and progressively worsening her intake till she fell drastically below her calorie intake. we discontinued the product within five days and switched back to the previous similac and she is fine now. her feeding and calorie intake is back to normal
Like the bad reviews say, the organic formula constipated our daughter. However, by alternating every other feeding with regular (non-organic) formula the problem was resolved. I'm a believer that some organic is better than no organic. We've used this method for 2 months and our daughter is full, happy, and growing well.<br /><br />I would recommend this if you are looking for an organic formula with milk as the first ingredient (as opposed to rice in some of the others).
I wanted to solely breastfeed but was unable to keep up and had to supplement formula.  I chose Similac because they are a very reputable company and I had a ton of it from the hospital.  We have used both the powder and ready made and he likes both.  He got a little constipated at the beginning but has been on it now for 5 months and no problems.  I read some other reviews about sucrose...well, sucrose is just sugar and ALL formula has sugar in it.  Other companies just label it differently and since ths one is organic it has to contain a pure sugar.  As far as the hexane goes, I did my research, ALL formulas except one (Babys Only) use the hexane method.  Babys Only contains brown rice syrup that has been shown to have high levels of arsenic..uh, no thanks.  Also Similac has been tested and found to have no hexane present in the product.  Overall my baby is healthy and smart so I am very happy with this formula.
i love the fact that i can get this delieved to my house with no delievy charge.it is so hard to find organic formular
We have a 7 week old... He had gas and constipation problems for the first 5 weeks. We tried two different kinds of similac including for fussiness and gas and neither seemed to work. We switched to the organic a few weeks ago and saw quick improvement. I wish I could breast feed but I'm unable to, so for now this seems the best option especially since it was recommended we stick with a ready made formula for the gas problems.<br />Ive read a lot of the reviews and took into consideration the information about sucrose. I plan on talking to the pediatrician and my midwife for additional information beyond the article written about it, especially since that is from 2008. I realize the concern and I am doing research on making my own formula so I know exactly whats in it and that its organic, but in the mean time baby L eats great with this, is healthy, and has fewer stomach problems. It's middle of the road when it comes to $ - although Amazn is one of the more expensive places!!! Target has the best price. So for now it works and I recommend it!!
